Dr Ball in Frederick, Maryland with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeFrederick, MDDr BallFrederick, MD Dr BallAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your fun collection!Error when adding to fun collectionThis business was removed from the fun collection1. Paint Ball Sports Land10418 Old Liberty RdFrederick, MD 21701(301) 898-1100PaintballRecreation CentersWebsiteFrom Business: Paintball and Airsoft games every weekend, year round. Fun for individuals, families, youth groups, sports teams, birthday parties, bachelor(ette) parties, compan…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Colbert Ball Tax Service124 W Church StFrederick, MD 21701(301) 378-2108Tax Return PreparationWebsiteMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Ball, Joseph A, MD16220 Frederick Rd Ste 213Gaithersburg, MD 20877(301) 963-2770Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Ball Barbara A4231 N Woods Trl Ste 100Hampstead, MD 21074(410) 374-9391Physician AssistantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection5. Bremen Soccer Balls6 Hilton CtGaithersburg, MD 20882(301) 482-0400Sporting Goods-Wholesale &...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your community collection!Error when adding to community collectionThis business was removed from the community collection6. Ball's Bluff Elementary School821 Battlefield Pkwy NELeesburg, VA 20176(571) 252-2880Elementary SchoolsSchoolsPublic SchoolsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your car collection!Error when adding to car collectionThis business was removed from the car collection7. Fire Ball Auto Services8190 Beechcraft AveGaithersburg, MD 20879(301) 330-1168Auto Repair & ServiceAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your fun collection!Error when adding to fun collectionThis business was removed from the fun collection8. Ball Room King Dance Entertainment26 W Market StLeesburg, VA 20176(703) 443-2623Dancing InstructionWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your fun collection!Error when adding to fun collectionThis business was removed from the fun collection9. Balls Bluff Tavern2 Loudoun St SWLeesburg, VA 20175(703) 777-7747TavernsNight ClubsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection10. Ball Sammie & Jacqueline262 Prospect AveCharles Town, WV 25414(304) 725-7091No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your fun collection!Error when adding to fun collectionThis business was removed from the fun collection11. Paint Ball Wholesalers2400 Bear Run RdTaneytown, MD 21787(410) 756-1006PaintballGames & SuppliesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection12. Mike Ball - State Farm Insurance Agent(1)1009 Baltimore PikeGettysburg, PA 17325(717) 334-4908Life InsuranceWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoOne of the main reasons I have used Mike Ball's State Farm is simply . He and his office personel go above and beyond to assist their clients in all…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection13. Ball, Mike1009 Baltimore PikeGettysburg, PA 17325(717) 334-4908Auto InsuranceLong Term Care InsuranceWebsiteServicesFrom Business: Our mission is to help people manage the risks of everyday life, recover from the unexpected and realize their dreams.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection14. MaryKay & Avon Sandra Ball11835 Brockman LnGreat Falls, VA 22066(571) 331-9029Cosmetics & PerfumesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection15. Ball Physical Therapy Services10800 Falls RdPotomac, MD 20854(443) 347-0645Physical Therapy ClinicsFrom Business: At Ball Physical Therapy Services we are a team of healthcare professionals committed to serving you and helping you get back to your highest level of health by u…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. Bazooka Ball Sports44710 Cape Ct Ste 114Ashburn, VA 20147(703) 662-6132Party & Event PlannersWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection17. Ball E C11755 Thomas AveGreat Falls, VA 22066(703) 433-1863Landscape Designers & ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. Crystal Ball Inc22461 Shaw RdSterling, VA 20166(703) 322-8000Internet Products & ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection19. Ball Law Offices9912 Woodford RdPotomac, MD 20854(301) 770-3050AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection20. Ron Ball INC28 Stuart DrGettysburg, PA 17325(717) 338-0784General ContractorsPainting ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection21. Independence Day Ball5304 Water Wheel CtDerwood, MD 20855(301) 987-5959No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection22. A A Ball 24 Hour Service77 S Washington StRockville, MD 20850(301) 279-0757No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection23. Original Hawaiian Sno-Ball & Ice Cream10626 Liberty RdRandallstown, MD 21133(410) 521-2960Ice Cream & Frozen DessertsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. Ball Law Offices5410 Edson Ln Ste 315Rockville, MD 20852(301) 770-3050AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection25. Healthy Baller4944 Wyaconda RdRockville, MD 20852(301) 881-0821No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection26. Leslie Kmak BallNational Naval Medical Ctr 8901 Wisconsin AveBethesda, MD 20889(301) 295-4900No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection27. Ball Michael1655 Hanover PikeLittlestown, PA 17340(717) 359-5675InsuranceWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your community collection!Error when adding to community collectionThis business was removed from the community collection28. Daniel Ball & Associates Inc5513 Twin Knolls Rd Ste 216Columbia, MD 21045(410) 715-0408Government ConsultantsWebsiteSponsored LinksShowing1-28
of 28resultsRelated Articlesfor Dr Ballmore related articles »Drug Abuse: Symptoms to Look for in a Loved One »One out of every seven Americans will face a substance addiction. Here are some resources to help you help a loved one, and notice…The January 2017 To-Do List »The holiday festivities are over, but January doesn't have to be a drag. It's actually the best time to finish projects and organize your life – all while having a little fun. Urgent Care: What to Know, When to Go »We needed an ear, nose and throat specialist, but the wait at our HMO was two weeks. What now? An emergency room seemed like overk…Map ViewSponsoredCentral MD Urology Associates PA10710 Charter Dr Ste 130, Columbia, MD 21044(410) 442-6069Cutting Edge Evaluation & Treatment!WebsiteSee Our ServicesDirectionsMore InfoLaser Spine InstituteServing the Frederick area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews Sarah Rivera MDLinda M. ratedI felt this physician was non-professional with her attitude toward me.  Her secretary was more polite than this doctor.  Plus, she charged me $106.05 for a service I was not aware of and my insurance does not cover.  I was not aware of this charge before hand.  This is Dr. Sarah Rivera, MD.    I would make sure you know exactly what they are charging you before hand.    Plus, the wait in her office was 35 minutes.   One other person in her office when I got there.  If you choose her, be prepared to wait and wait and wait.  Do not recommend this doctor.Internal Medicine Frederickrhowie8 ratedWonderful Doctor and office staffAfter going to the same Doctor for over 15 years and then having to change due to insurance issues we started going to Dr. Syed Gaffar and couldn't be happier.  He is a wonderful man who listens and never rushes you and makes you feel important while there.  He does everything he can to help.  His office staff is wonderful especially Morgan, she is fantastic.  Always remembers who you are and talks to you as a person and not just a patient.  Very happy we are now going here vs anywhere else we've been since living in Frederick.Anusha Belani MDkeeshmybumper ratedI met Dr Belani 13 years ago after being hospitalized for a surgical infection. I met her again today to discuss another infection. She is very thorough with questioning and also worked on other problems that I had been working on. The doctor and her staff are very down to earth and easy to talk to.I highly recommend her for internal problems and infections. She takes samples and uses different meds to determine the correct med to cure the program. You won't regret seeing her.Rengen, Rohan R, MDsharonsweeneyosborne ratedDr Rohen Rengen is a very kind...Dr Rohen Rengen is a very kind caring through Dr. he is patience, funny and witty he will take his time with all patients to ensure their comfortable with their illness diseases and medications. he wont leave until everything is clear.  he takes his ti/me with his patients especially if you need dialysis.Ernest MD Clevinger Jrsharonsweeneyosborne ratedThis dr is awesome! he doesnt ...This dr is awesome! he doesnt think seizures are a mental thing! he listens learns and demonstrates his strong abilities as a specialists. i am blessed to have him as my neurologist. ty dr clevinger for your time and patience with me!ou believed in me and i am better because of it.Allergy & Asthma Care Incrchristine1953 ratedAlways a happy environment to ...Always a happy environment to walk into.  I've been going for at least 3 yrs. now.Doc is great as are the receptionists,Brenna Steinberg DRsharonsweeneyosborne ratedwonderful caring doctors. she ...wonderful caring doctors. she is the best! goes out of her way to make you comfortable. great office folks too!Mid-Maryland Musculoskeletal InstituteRod D. ratedMy visit was a genuine surprise. Everyone I interfaced with was professional and overly accommodating! Did You Know?Physicians and surgeons help to keep people - from infants to the elderly - as healthy as possible. These individuals provide diagnoses and treatments for a wide variety of ailments, and preventative care and early detection for more serious illnesses. Whether you love or hate going to the doctor, the fact is your physician is there to listen to your health concerns, take preventative measures against diseases and advise you on your options for staying in tip-top shape.In 2013, there were more than 1 million doctors of medicine in the U.S., over 854,000 of which were active. Additionally, in 2012, there were about 18,000 active general surgeons in the country. It's important to know which type of physician or surgeon you need, how to choose the best one, and account for other considerations in order to stay healthy.Different Types of PhysiciansPatients can choose from a wide variety of physicians depending on doctor specialty and what problems they are experiencing. Here are a few of the most common types of physicians that you may see in your lifetime:General Practitioner
Your GP is the doctor that you go to for regular checkups, vaccines and to identify health issues. GPs can treat many different illnesses and injuries, from the common cold to a broken arm. If your health requires a second opinion or expert care, the GP will refer you to a specialist who has the skills to focus in on the issue.Cardiologist
Heart attacks and heart disease are some of the most common afflictions seen across the country, making cardiologists important to your long-term health. These physicians specialize in studying and treating the heart and related diseases.Dentist
Other than a GP, the dentist is likely the most common physician you'll ever see. These professionals work with the human mouth, ensuring that your teeth and gum health are up to par. Patients typically go to the dentist twice a year.Dermatologist
Dermatologists are focused on skin-related issues and diseases, from skin cancers, to acute acne, eczema, psoriasis, and general cosmetic concerns like aging and scars. Most will also perform annual or semi-annual mole checks to screen for any signs of melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer.ENT
If you have a number of sinus infections or have had your tonsils taken out, you've likely seen an ENT specialist. ENTs handle ailments related to the ear, nose and throat, often related to taking out tonsils and treating hearing issues.OB/GYN
For many women, their gynecologist and obstetrician are the same person. These professionals work with the female reproductive system to focus on reproductive health, fertility issues, prenatal care, options for new and expectant mothers, neonatal care and childbirth. OB/GYNs can also help in the early detection of breast or cervical cancer.Choosing a PhysicianThere are obviously a number of physicians that you can choose from, but how do you know if they're the best choice for you? Here are a few considerations to help you pick a physician:Look at Your Insurance
Before you get down to the details, you need to verify which doctors are covered by your insurance and whether they are in or out of your carrier's network. Rates may be cheaper if the doc is in network – a doctor can be covered by your insurance but not necessarily in network. Out of network is typically more expensive. Doctors often add and drop plans, so it's important to ensure that your options are compatible with your insurance plan. Doing your homework will help you avoid unexpected expenses. Check for Board Certification
Your physician should be certified through the American Board of Medical Specialties. Doctors must earn a medical degree from a qualified school, complete three to seven years of residency training, be licensed by a state medical board and pass one or more ABMS exams to be certified.Examine the Reviews
Reviews of a doctor can reveal a lot about what your experience may be like. People may grade on staff friendliness, availability and effectiveness of treatment. Looking at these evaluations and getting recommendations from family and friends can direct you toward a physician for your needs.Choosing a SurgeonSurgeons can literally hold your life in their hands, and it's important to find the best one that can put you at ease and treat you effectivelyCompatibility Factor
You need to feel comfortable with your surgeon. It's important to communicate your concerns and that your surgeon can respond adequately. Surgeons should be willing to go over the details of your procedure and answer any questions that you may have. They must take the time to discuss and address your worries.Expertise Level
If you're going in for surgery, you want someone that knows what they're doing and has a high success rate. Ask how often the surgeon performs this surgery and try to find one that regularly does it. This will give you peace of mind that you're in capable hands.Understanding Your InsuranceYour decision on a physician or surgeon can be majorly affected by the insurance plan you have. You may have insurance through employment, your spouse, your parents if you're under 26, or the marketplace if the previous options don't apply to you. It's important to understand how your insurance works to have the full picture of what you'll need to pay for.Your insurance will have a deductible, which is the amount that you're responsible to pay for covered medical expenses. Some plans have coinsurances, where you must pay a certain percentage of the bill, and insurance will cover the rest. Co-pays state a flat rate for certain services, like paying $20 when you visit your GP or a $100 co-pay for an emergency room visit. Once you reach your out-of-pocket maximum, which will differ if you're an individual or within a family plan, your insurance may pay for 100 percent of covered medical expenses for the rest of the plan year.If you plan to go to the doctor, need medication or have been recommended for surgery, call your insurance provider or go online to see what your plan covers. You can choose the best doctor for your needs, understand your options and prevent yourself from being blindsided by medical expenses.Setting Your AppointmentMost doctors require a phone call for an appointment, although some may provide online scheduling as well. Be sure to have your insurance card with you when you set an appointment, and to bring it with you to the actual appointment. They need the ID numbers to verify your coverage, and will usually make a copy of the card for their files so you don't have to show it again unless your insurance changes.When you call, let them know if you're a new patient, as this will require you to complete some paperwork for your first visit. Tell them the reason for your visit, such as your symptoms if you're feeling sick. It's also important to inform them if you have Medicaid and to find out if you need to bring anything to the visit, like current medications or medical records.From here, the receptionist will likely ask what dates and times work best for you. During your call, it's important to be honest about your symptoms and the reason for your visit. This information will help the doctor treat you and give him or her an idea of what to expect. Your appointment may progress faster as a result, and the doctor can come prepared with a list of options to better care for you.RisksDoctors see a number of patients in a day, sometimes in 15-minute increments in areas where the physicians are in high demand. This can leave little time for doctors to perform thorough examinations, and they can end up missing certain problem indicators. While some problems, like a cold or flu, can be diagnosed in this time, more complex ailments require attention, which takes up time. Reviews can illuminate which doctors actively spend the necessary time with their patients and which ones are pressed against the clock to meet demand.Surgery has some more dire risks attached to it, so be sure to talk to your surgeon about the potential issues that can come up as a result of your procedure. If a patient has a reaction to anesthesia, it can cause very serious complications, but this is an uncommon occurrence. Blood clots can be a significant problem after surgery, often caused by inactivity during recovery. Infections, numbness, scarring, swelling and death are all possible, but the likelihood of these issues will vary depending on the type of surgery you're undergoing. Talk to your doctor about your concerns and your risk potential.AftercareSurgery affects people in different ways, but as you begin to emerge from anesthesia, you'll want to alert your nurse to any issues you may have. The nurse will tell you how the procedure went, what effect it will have on your condition, what to expect when you get home and how long it will take to get back to normal. If you start feeling pain, the nurse may give you medication to stop it from getting worse. When possible, it's also advised to move around to avoid blood clots from developing in your legs. This can be as simple as occasionally flexing your knee or rotating your foot. Some surgeries are outpatient procedures, where people are released the same day. For major surgeries, patients may stay at the hospital for a few days to be monitored and address any concerns before being sent home. Discuss with your surgeon the projected length of the hospital stay and what you need to bring.Recovery and Follow-upYour recovery time and follow-up expectations will vary depending on your procedure. For example, you can be expected to be on your feet within a few days of having your wisdom teeth taken out, but it may be weeks before you have fully recovered from a broken foot or heart-valve surgery. Your surgeon will give you a list of things that you'll need to do during this time, including what medications to take and when you'll be able to get back to work and other activities.Every surgery will have a follow-up call or appointment to discuss your recovery and allow you to ask any questions about unusual symptoms or changes in your overall health. If you have a major operation, like heart surgery, it's important to make regular checkups with your doctor or a specialist to ensure that everything is normal. Visiting a doctor will help deter infection and verify that everything is healing as expected. These appointments will give you peace of mind about your state of health and ensure that any issues are caught early on. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
























 



 Webgility Welcomes Frederick Ball and Jeff Langston to Advisory Board 
         










    










 













 











 



















Webgility Welcomes Frederick Ball and Jeff Langston to Advisory Board
        																																																								
              

          Bring Expertise from Marketo and Intuit to Rapidly Growing e-Commerce Company
        
















 News provided by
Webgility  
May 17, 2017, 09:37 ET









 Share this article




























































SAN FRANCISCO, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Webgility, the leader in multi-channel e-commerce automation software, today strengthened its advisory board with the addition of two industry gurus: Frederick Ball, a recognized business leader with more than 25 years of financial management experience, and Jeff Langston, a senior executive engineering leader with a passion for delivering innovative products through durable technology.








"Webgility is growing rapidly, in terms of both our customer base and our technology," said Parag Mamnani, founder and CEO, Webgility. "Fred's business acumen and Jeff's product leadership will be invaluable to us as we continue our mission to calm the chaos for online sellers and make e-commerce operations as simple and powerful as possible."
Frederick Ball recently served as the chief financial officer of Marketo, a leading provider of a cloud-based enterprise marketing platform which he helped take public. Prior to Marketo, Fred was the chief financial officer for a number of public and private technology companies, including Webroot Software, BigBand Networks, and Borland Software. Fred is also on the board of directors at ESI(ESIO), Advanced Energy (AEIS), SendGrid, and Engagio. 
"Webgility's new Virtual ERP is leading the way in bringing order, efficiency, and scale to today's chaotic workflows," said Frederick Ball, advisory board member, Webgility. "I know from my years working with small businesses at Marketo just how real the problem is that Webgility has finally solved. I look forward to helping Webgility continue to innovate e-commerce operations."
Jeff Langston is an executive engineering leader with a passion for delivering innovative products through durable technology. From tech startups to leading a 1000+ person global engineering organization, he has a proven track record leading winning software teams. As Senior Vice President of Product Development for Intuit's Small Business Group, Jeff was responsible for the development and technical operation of the QuickBooks product line and third-party developer platform. Previously, he was Chief Technology Ofﬁcer and Vice President of Engineering at Tempo Payments Inc. Jeff attended Stanford University, where he earned a MS in Mechanical Engineering with specialization in Smart Product Design, and a BS in Mechanical Engineering. Currently, Jeff is advising startups and coding independently.
"Webgility is poised to change e-commerce as we know it," said Jeff Langston, advisory board member, Webgility. "The company's growth trajectory is remarkable; I'm very excited to work with the talented team at Webgility as they focus on solving important e-commerce related problems to help small businesses succeed."
For more information on Webgility leadership, please visit http://www.webgility.com/company/. 
ABOUT WEBGILITYWebgility, Inc. is the leading provider of e-commerce automation software for multi-channel retail companies, managing millions of transactions for 10,000-plus online stores every month. Webgility's e-Commerce Virtual ERP is an antidote to the "app fatigue" plaguing today's online sellers. By integrating with best-of-breed online retail solutions, Webgility's Unify software anchors the Virtual ERP and brings efficiency, order, and scale to otherwise chaotic workflows and business operations. In doing so, Unify empowers online retailers to focus on their passion rather than their operations. Webgility® is a certified partner of Intuit®, QuickBooks®, Xero, and NetSuite®, and works with more than 85 e-commerce platforms (including Amazon®, eBay®, BigCommerce®, Shopify®, and Magento®), payment processors (PayPal, Stripe, Shopify Payments, Square), and SaaS providers. For more information, visit http://www.webgility.com.
For more information, please contact:Eileen ConwayZealot Communications for Webgility650-245-9015eileenc@webgility.com
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/webgility-welcomes-frederick-ball-and-jeff-langston-to-advisory-board-300459002.html
SOURCE Webgility
 Related Links

http://webgility.com



 

















May 25, 2017, 09:42 ET
Preview: Webgility Offers Enhanced Integration with Xero, Simplifies Shipping and Inventory for Online Sellers




















May 05, 2017, 15:02 ET
Preview: Webgility Introduces Industry Game-Changing "Virtual ERP for e-Commerce" in Free Webinar with Steven Power








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 19, 2017, 09:11 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Webgility to Sponsor eBay Open








 











Jul 12, 2017, 09:17 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Free Webinar Teaches e-Retailers How to Transform Amazon Prime...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Retail
  Computer Electronics
  Computer Software
  Electronic Commerce
  Networks








 You just read:
Webgility Welcomes Frederick Ball and Jeff Langston to Advisory Board


 News provided by
Webgility  
May 17, 2017, 09:37 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




Duane Morris LLP - Frederick R. Ball, Partner - Profile



























































Skip to site navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to footer content
Skip to Site Search page
Skip to People Search page







Search the site




Search for a person



 No Results Found
                    











Connect with Duane Morris on LinkedIn
 Follow Duane Morris on Facebook
 Follow Duane Morris on Twitter
Follow Duane Morris LLP on Instagram 
Subscribe to Duane Morris RSS feeds  









 Toggle navigation    


 About Duane Morris 

About Duane Morris
 Firm Rankings & Statistics
 Past & Present
 Firm Accolades & Honors
 Attorney Accolades & Honors
Diversity & Inclusion
Women's Impact Network
Pro Bono
Affiliates
Careers
Alumni


Practices & Industries 

Practices & Industries
Expanded Service Area Listing


People
Offices
Events
News, Pubs & Multimedia 

Recent News & Publications
Alerts & Updates
Bylined Articles
In the News
Press Releases
For the Press
Video
Podcasts
Blogs






















Frederick R. Ball
Partner

  

Phone: +1 857 488 4229
Fax: +1 312 277 1945 
FRBall@duanemorris.com




 

  



Duane Morris LLP100 High Street, Suite 2400Boston, MA  02110-1724USA






Frederick R. Ball
Partner

  

Phone: +1 857 488 4229
Fax: +1 312 277 1945 
FRBall@duanemorris.com




 

  



Duane Morris LLP100 High Street, Suite 2400Boston, MA  02110-1724USA






Frederick R. Ball
Partner

Duane Morris LLP100 High Street, Suite 2400Boston, MA  02110-1724USA


Phone: +1 857 488 4229
Fax: +1 312 277 1945 
FRBall@duanemorris.com




 

  



 


 




Frederick R. Ball

Close

 


Biography

Representative Matters

Resume

Publications

Speaking Engagements




Frederick (Rick) R. Ball focuses his practice on assisting companies or individuals when they are adverse to state or federal governments, including administrative, civil and criminal matters, with the FDA, FTC, DEA, CMS, OIG and other federal and state regulatory agencies. Mr. Ball helps generic pharmaceutical companies, biologics manufacturers, medical device manufacturers, food companies (including supplement manufacturers), pharmacies, long term care providers, and other health care providers navigate the complex challenges faced by state and federal regulation of their industries including complying with current Good Manufacturing Practices, price reporting (AMP, AWP, ASP, etc.), the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, False Claims Act, and Anti-Kickback Statute, as well as meeting labeling and advertising requirements. Mr. Ball also assists generic manufacturers bring product to market through patent analysis and Hatch-Waxman litigation. Mr. Ball is experienced in conducting internal investigations and advising companies on actions following the investigation. Finally, Mr. Ball helps companies maintain their trade secrets and competitive advantage through trade secrets litigation and enforcement of restrictive covenants. Mr. Ball emphasizes a team approach to client problem solving and manages matters to achieve client goals both financial and legal.
He is admitted to the Massachusetts State Bar, Illinois State Bar, the Seventh Circuit and the U.S. Supreme Court. He is a 1996 cum laude graduate of Cornell Law School and a graduate of the University of Colorado at Boulder.




Representative Matters

Provided regulatory and intellectual property support to the in-house regulatory team of Wockhardt, a pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, for the development of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) for a generic sodium oxybate product that was recently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). 
Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc. et al. v. Wockhardt Bio AG et al., 2:15-cv-5619 (D.N.J. 2015). Obtained settlement for defendant Wockhardt Bio AG in a patent litigation matter relating to Jazz Pharmaceutical's treatment for narcolepsy, Xyrem.
Obtained on behalf of Novel Laboratories Inc. a settlement of a patent litigation matter, which will allow Novel to begin marketing its generic form of a medication well prior to the expiration of the patents.
Represented Wockhardt in Paragraph IV litigation involving Otsuka's oral Abilify.  Negotiated a settlement and license agreement permitting entry into the market prior to the expiration of the Orange Book Patents.
Pfizer Inc., et al. v. Wockhardt, Ltd., et al., 12-CV-817 (SLR) (Consolidated) (D. Del.) Patent infringement action regarding Wockhardt's ANDA to make a generic version of Pfizer's antidepressant product Pristiq®, the active ingredient of which is desvenlafaxine succinate.
Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al. v. Wockhardt, Ltd., et al., 11-CV-704 (Consolidated) (LPS) (D. Del.) Obtained a settlement in a patent infringement action allowing Wockhardt to market a generic version of Avanir’s PBA product Nuedexta®, the active ingredients of which are dextromethorphan hydrobromide and quinidine hydrobromide.
Obtained a settlement for Wockhardt, a global pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, with Abbott and Alkermes regarding the drug Tricor.
Obtained a settlement for Wockhardt, a global pharmaceutical and biotechnology company, that resolved Hatch-Waxman litigation initiated by Sepracor Inc. seeking to bar Wockhardt from offering a generic version of the blockbuster insomnia medicine Lunesta. Sepracor agreed to allow Wockhardt entry into the market before the expiration of its Lunesta patents.
Represented generic pharmaceutical manufacturer Wockhardt in Paragraph IV and Hatch-Waxman litigation, obtaining settlement allowing entry into the market prior to patent expiration.
Obtained return of $1.6 million worth of alleged contraband seized by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration.
Advised private equity firm in acquisition of dietary supplement manufacturer regarding U.S. and China regulatory issues.
Represented dietary supplement manufacturer in negotiation of consent decree with FDA following alleged repeated violations of good manufacturing practices.
Obtained temporary restraining order against state of Washington halting a 6 percent reduction in Medicaid reimbursement to pharmacies.
Negotiated voluntary surrender of DEA registration on behalf of pharmacy and owner allegedly engaged in significant diversion of controlled substances in violation of federal and state law.  In return, DEA agreed not to pursue criminal or civil actions and permitted transfer of controlled substances to another pharmacy.
Obtained no further action letter from state authorities on behalf of corporation and new management following voluntarily self-reporting of violations of state controlled substances act and statutes and regulations governing out of state wholesalers after internal investigation.
Represented dietary supplement manufacturer in criminal proceedings related to violations of Food Drug and Cosmetic Act.
Represented dietary supplement manufacturer before the National Advertising Division of the Better Business Bureau regarding advertising claims.
Obtained preliminary injunction on behalf of National Association of Chain Drug Stores and National Community Pharmacists Association in litigation against federal Department of Health and Human Services and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid enjoining implementation of reimbursement rule that would have cost pharmacies $8 billion.
Ikon v. Reeves: obtained temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction enforcing restrictive covenants
Innotek v. Wright Medical: successful defense of trade secrets arbitration
Gustafson v. Gonzales: obtained temporary restraining order and permanent injunction enforcing restrictive covenants
Represented drug wholesaler in criminal and civil investigation regarding importation of unapproved new drugs
Represented several mail order pharmacies in DEA, FDA, and DOJ investigations regarding dispensing of controlled substances
Prepared and negotiated "voluntary" recalls on behalf of several manufacturers of dietary supplements and generic pharmaceuticals for alleged violations of cGMP
Advised numerous wholesalers and manufacturers on registration and pedigree requirements
Advised numerous entities on import requirements for registration and APIs
Represented compounding pharmacy during criminal, civil, and administrative investigation into dispensing HGH
Represented a generic pharmaceutical company in all regulatory matters related to acquisition.




Areas of Practice

Regulatory Enforcement
ANDA Litigation
Commercial Litigation
White-Collar Defense

Admissions

Illinois
Massachusetts
Supreme Court of the United States
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit

Education

Cornell Law School, J.D., 1996
	  		  	 		  

Experience

Duane Morris LLP  - Partner, 2005-present - Associate, 1999-2004
DePaul University School of Law - Adjunct Professor of Law, 2009-2013
Holleb & Coff, Chicago, Illinois  - Associate, 1996-1999
United States Army, 1985-1987  

Professional Activities

High Mowing School  - Board of Trustees, 2016
Illinois State Bar Association 
Food and Drug Law Institute - Executive Committee, 2016 - Treasurer, 2016 - Board of Directors - Editorial Advisory Board, Update Magazine

Honors and Awards

Recipient of Lexology/International Law Office Client Choice Award for Healthcare & Life Sciences (Massachusetts), 2016
Listed in Illinois Leading Lawyers, 2009




Selected Publications

Contributor, Duane Morris White Collar Criminal Law Blog
Co-author, "FDA Increases Priority Review Opportunities for Drug Products with Limited Competition," Duane Morris Alert, July 18, 2017
Co-author, "FDA Issues Draft Guidance on Pre-Submission Facility Correspondence - A Way to Reduce FDA Action Times for Priority ANDAs," Duane Morris Alert, July 14, 2017
Co-author, "FDA's Draft Guidance for Industry on 180-Day Exclusivity," Duane Morris Alert, March 1, 2017
Co-author, "FDA Issues Final Guidance on Quality Agreements in Arrangements for Contract Manufacturing of Drugs," Duane Morris Alert, January 3, 2017
Co-author, "FDA Issues Final Hatch-Waxman Regulations," Duane Morris Alert, October 7, 2016
Co-author, "FDA Issues Guidance on Self-Identification of Generic Drug Facilities," Duane Morris Alert, October 6, 2016
Co-author, "FDA Issues Draft Guidance on Data Integrity and Compliance with CGMP," Duane Morris Alert, May 3, 2016
Co-author, "FDA Publishes Draft Guidance on Abuse-Deterrence Testing of Generic Solid Oral Opioid Drug Products," Duane Morris Alert, April 22, 2016
Co-author, "FDA Implements Expedited Review of ANDA Submissions for 'Sole-source' Drug Products," Duane Morris Alert, March 31, 2016
Co-author, "FDA Proposed Rule on Fixed-Combination and Co-Packaged Drugs," Duane Morris Alert, March 16, 2016
Co-author, "Statutory and Regulatory Control for Drug Companies," Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Law, 2015
Co-author, "Generics," Bringing Your Pharmaceutical Drug to Market, April 2015
Co-author, "Chapter 11, Generic Drugs: ANDAs, Section 505 (b)(2) Applications, Patents, and Exclusivities," Food and Drug Law and Regulation, 3rd Edition, March 2015
Co-author, "FDA Issues Additional Guidances on Implementation of Drug Supply Chain Security Act," Duane Morris Alert, February 25, 2015
Co-author, "FDA Opens Plan to Let Generic Drug Manufacturers Update Labels to Debate," Duane Morris Alert, February 24, 2015
Co-author, "FDA Establishes the Office of Pharmaceutical Quality," Duane Morris Alert, February 23, 2015
Co-author, "FDA's Final Guidance on the Circumstances That Constitute Interference with a Drug Inspection," Duane Morris Alert, December 23, 2014
Co-author, "Compounding Pharmacy Co-Owner Pleads Guilty to Misdemeanor Criminal Violations of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act," Duane Morris Alert, December 22, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Policy Aims to Smooth Generic Access to Samples of Branded Drugs Subject to REMS Use Restrictions," Duane Morris Alert, December 16, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Report on Standardizing and Evaluating Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS)," Duane Morris Alert, December 1, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Publishes Second Draft Guidance for Further Clarification of Drug Supply Chain Security Act," Duane Morris Alert, November 17, 2014
Co-author, "FDA's Final Guidance on Determination of Five-Year NCE Exclusivity for Certain Fixed-Combination Drug Products Under Federal FDCA," Duane Morris Alert, November 10, 2014
Co-author, "DEA Releases Final Rule on Disposal of Controlled Substances," Duane Morris Alert, September 29, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Declines to Issue Rulemaking for Section 505(b)(2) NDA Therapeutic Equivalence Ratings," Duane Morris Alert, August 11, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Issues Draft Guidances for Prior Approval Supplements and Amendments / Easily Correctable Deficiencies Under GDUFA," Duane Morris Alert, August 4, 2014

Co-author, "FDA Issues Draft Guidance for Identification and Notification of Suspect Products," Duane Morris Alert, June 24, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Releases Guidance for Industry on ANDAs: Stability Testing of Drug Substances and Products, Questions and Answers," Duane Morris Alert, June 20, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Seeks Information for Implementation of Drug Supply Chain Security Act," Duane Morris Alert, April 11, 2014
Co-author, "Chapter 8: Krelec et al. v. Mutual Pharmaceuticals Co., Inc.," Top 20 Food and Drug Cases, 2013 & Cases to Watch 2014, January 2014 

Co-author, "Statutory and Regulatory Controls for Drug Development," Chapter 1, Pharmaceutical Law: Regulation of Research, Development, and Marketing, 2013 Cumulative Supplement,  Bloomberg BNA, 2013
Co-author, "FDA's New Interpretation of the Five-Year NCE Exclusivity Provisions of Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act," Duane Morris Alert, February 26, 2014
Co-author, "FDA's Guidance for Industry Concerning Receipt Dates," Duane Morris Alert, February 14, 2014
Co-author, "FDA Issues Proposed Rules That Give FDA Administrative Detention Authority with Respect to Drugs," Duane Morris Alert, July 17, 2013
Co-author, "CMS Lets the Sun Shine Down," FDLI Update, May/June 2013
Co-author, "FDA Issues Guidance Detailing Specific Requirements for Quality Agreements for Commercial Drug Manufacturing," Duane Morris Alert, June 18, 2013
Co-author, "CMS Publishes Physician Payment Sunshine Rules; Manufacturers and Group Purchasing Organizations Are Required to Submit Detailed Annual Reports," Duane Morris Alert, February 25, 2013
"United States v. Caronia: A Brief Look at the Broader Implications for the Food Industry," FDLI Update, March/April 2013
Co-author, "Research-Related Payments and the Physician Payment Sunshine Act: How Reporting Works and What Applicable Manufacturers Should Consider," Duane Morris Alert, March 6, 2013; republished in Healthcare Law360, March 19, 2013
"Federal Trade Commission vs. Watson: The Supreme Court
Takes Up 'Reverse Payments'," Health Care Law Monthly, February 2013
Co-author, "FDA Suspends Sunland, Inc.; Major Peanut Butter Producer Hit with First Food Facility Suspension Under the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011," Duane Morris Alert, November 30, 2012; republished by Life Sciences Law360, December 12, 2012
Co-author, "FDA Issues Guidance for Industry on Generic Drug User Fee Amendments of 2012: Q&A," Duane Morris Alert, August 29, 2012
Co-author, "FDA's Animal Generic Drug User Fee Rates and Payment Procedures for Fiscal Year 2013," Duane Morris Alert, August 8, 2012
Co-author, "Third Circuit Holds That Settlement Agreements Containing Payments from the Innovator to the Generic Challenger May Violate Antitrust Laws," Duane Morris Alert, July 23, 2012
"OIG for HHS Publishes Solicitation of Information and Recommendations for Revising Its Provider Self-Disclosure Protocol," Duane Morris Alert, June 22, 2012
Co-author, "CMS Delays Data Collection Under ACA's Physician Payments Sunshine Act to January 1, 2013," Duane Morris Alert, May 9, 2012
Co-author, "FDA Issues Draft Guidance on Affordable Care Act Prescription Drug Sample Transparency Program: Reporting Deadline Informally Extended to October 1, 2012," Duane Morris Alert, April 4, 2012
"Not Just the FTC Anymore: California's Top Court to Weigh In on 'Pay for Delay'," GenericsWeb INNsight, March 2012
Co-author, "Affordable Care Act's Prescription Drug Sample Transparency Program Set to Go into Effect April 1, 2012," Duane Morris Alert, March 13, 2012
Co-author, "Supreme Court Addresses Whether Supremacy Clause Provides Private Right of Action to Challenge Medicaid Cuts in Douglas v. Independent Living Center," Duane Morris Alert, March 12, 2012
Co-author, "Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Releases Proposed Rule on Reporting and Returning of Overpayments," Duane Morris Alert, March 8, 2012
"FDA Issues Draft Guidance for Notification of Issues That May Result in Prescription Drug Shortage," Duane Morris Alert, March 1, 2012
"U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit Determines That FDA Warning Letters Are Not Final Agency Action," Duane Morris Alert, January 20, 2012
"FDA Issues Proposed Rule Regarding Citizen Petitions and PSAs Related to Section 505(b)(2) Applications or ANDAs," Duane Morris Alert, January 4, 2012
Co-author, "A Response to Terry Mahn's Is It Time for FDA to Revise Its Orange Book Rules to Deal with 'Skinny-Labled' Generic Drugs?" FDLI's  Food and Drug Policy Forum, December 14, 2011
"Federal Pre-Emption Under the Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act from Medtronic, Inc. v. Lohr; Pliva, Inc. v. Mensing," Bender's Health Care Law Monthly, September 1, 2011
Co-author, "U.S. Supreme Court Holds That State-Law-Based Failure-to-Warn Claims Are Federally Preempted Against Generic Drug Manufacturers," Duane Morris Alert, June 23, 2011
Co-author, "FDA's Guidelines for Petitions Filed Under Section 505(q) of Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act," Duane Morris Alert, June 16, 2011
Co-author, "CMS: Proposed Rule for States on Medicaid Fee-for-Service Rate-Setting Procedures," Duane Morris Alert, May 12, 2011
Co-author, "FDA: Liquid OTC Drugs with Poorly Labeled Measuring Devices May Constitute Misbranding," Duane Morris Alert, May 10, 2011
"FDA's Interim Final Rules for the Food Safety Modernization Act," Duane Morris Alert, May 6, 2011
Co-author, "FDA: Processing and Reprocessing Medical Devices in Healthcare Settings," Duane Morris Alert, May 4, 2011
"FDA Requests Comments on Improving Regulatory Rules," Duane Morris Alert, May 3, 2011
Co-author, "Labeling Changes for Prescription Drugs After New Safety Information: FDA's Draft Guidance," Duane Morris Alert, April 28, 2011
Co-author, "Long-term Care Pharmacy Joint Venture May Violate Anti-kickback Laws: OIG Issues Advisory Opinion 11-03," Duane Morris Alert, April 20, 2011
Co-author, "FDA Drafts Pharma Industry Guidance for Postmarketing Studies and Clinical Trials," Duane Morris Alert, April 14, 2011
"Supreme Court Decides 340B Entities Cannot Sue Pharmaceutical Manufacturers for Noncompliance with Pharmaceutical Pricing Agreement," Duane Morris Alert, April 1, 2011
Co-author, "Pennsylvania District Court Prevents Disclosure of Hundreds of Confidential Settlement Agreements," Duane Morris Alert, March 24, 2011
Co-author, "FDA Announces Draft Guidance for Industry on User Fee Waivers, Reductions and Refunds for Drug and Biological Products," Duane Morris Alert, March 17, 2011
"FDA Removes More Than 500 Unapproved Prescription Cough, Cold and Allergy Drug Products from the U.S. Market," Duane Morris Alert, March 9, 2011
"Fifth Circuit Rules in Favor of Compounding Pharmacies, in Medical Center Pharmacy v. Holder," Duane Morris Alert, March 4, 2011
"CMS Issues Proposed Rule Prohibiting Medicaid Payments for Healthcare-Acquired Conditions," Duane Morris Alert, February 25, 2011
"FDA Extends Comment Period for Strategies to Address Animal Drug Products Marketed in the U.S. Without Approval," Duane Morris Alert, February 23, 2011
"FDA Issues "Non-Binding" Park Doctrine Criteria for Potential Referral of "Responsible Corporate Officials" for Prosecution for Alleged Violations of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act," Duane Morris Alert, February 10, 2011
Co-author, "FDA Issues Guidance on Dietary Supplement cGMP Regulations," Duane Morris Alert, January 27, 2011
Co-author, "CMS Proposes New Rule on Patient Quality-of-Care Complaints," Duane Morris Alert, February 9, 2011
Co-author, "The FTC Revised Endorsement and Testimonial Guides--Advertisers of Dietary Supplements, Be Aware!," FDLI Update, November/December 2010
"Responding to New Food and Drug Case Law and Regulations," Chapter in Recent Developments in Food and Drug Law: Leading Lawyers on Analyzing Recent Litigation, Navigating Increased Enforcement Efforts, and Complying with FDA Requirements (Inside the Minds), Aspatore Books, 2010
"U.S. Military's TRICARE Health Program Issues Retail Pharmacy Refund Rule for Drug Prescriptions," Duane Morris Alert, October 19, 2010
Co-author, "FDA to Increase Criminal Prosecution of Corporate Officials in the Pharmaceutical Industry," Duane Morris Alert, March 11, 2010
Co-author, "How Hard Should It Be to Imprison Someone for Telling the Truth?" FDLI Update, September/October 2009
"FDA Issues Draft Guidance Regarding the Incorporation of Physical-Chemical Identifiers into Solid Oral Dosage Form Drug Products for Anticounterfeiting," Duane Morris Alert, July 17, 2009
"FDA Seeks Comments on "Risk Information" in Advertising from Pharmaceutical and Medical Device Manufacturers," Duane Morris Alert, May 28, 2009
"The First Amendment and Off-Label Promotion: Why the Court in United States v. Caronia Got it Wrong," Health Care Law Monthly, April 2009
"FDA Issues Draft Guidance Regarding the Submission of Summary Bioequivalence Data for Abbreviated New Drug Applications," Duane Morris Alert, April 17, 2009
"U.S. Department of Justice and the Office of the Inspector General Plan to Target Physicians' Relationships with Pharmaceutical Companies and Medical Device Manufacturers," Duane Morris Alert, March 6, 2009
"DEA Issues Proposed Rule on E-prescribing," The Journal of Medical Practice Management, January/February 2009
"FDA Issues Draft Guidance on Citizen's Petitions," Duane Morris Alert, January 29, 2009
"FDA Issues Final Guidance for Industry on Good Reprint Practices for the Distribution of Medical Journal Articles," Duane Morris Alert, January 22, 2009
"FDA Issues Notice of Secure Supply Chain Pilot Program," Duane Morris Alert, January 21, 2009
"FDA and Other Agencies Issue a Draft Guidance for Good Importer Practices," Duane Morris Alert, January 21, 2009
"Office of Inspector General Solicits Comments Regarding New Safe Harbors and Special Fraud Alerts," Duane Morris Alert, January 5, 2009
"OIG Issues Final Supplemental Compliance Program Guidance for Nursing Facilities," Duane Morris Alert, October 2, 2008
"Ninth Circuit Opens Door to Pricing Suits by 340B Entities," Duane Morris Alert, September 3, 2008
"DEA Issues Proposed Rule on E-Prescribing," Duane Morris Alert, July 10, 2008
"Settlement Bans Health Care Provider's Participation in Federally Funded Plans," Duane Morris Alert, June 25, 2008
"OIG Reports on FDA Generic Drug Review Process," Duane Morris Alert, June 23, 2008
"Nursing Homes Be Aware: OIG Issues Supplemental Compliance Program Guidance," Duane Morris Alert, May 21, 2008
"FDA Announces Draft Prescription Drug User Fee Act for Drug Safety Five-Year Plan," Duane Morris Alert, May 6, 2008




Selected Speaking Engagements

Speaker, "Violations and Enforcement," FDLI Introduction to U.S. Drug Law and Regulation, Boston, June 15, 2017
Speaker, "Interpretation of the FDA Data Integrity Draft Guidance and Preparing for Compliance," Food and Drug Law Institute's Enforcement Conference, December 7, 2016
Speaker, "The Abbreviated NDA (ANDA), 505(b)(2) Applications, and Patent and Exclusivity Issues," Food and Drug Law Institute's Introduction to Drug Law and Regulation Course: The Legal Framework for Drug Regulation, Washington, D.C., April 12-13, 2016
Speaker, "Recent Updates and Stories from the Trenches Pathways to Bringing Your Generic Drug to the U.S. Market: Paragraph IV Certifications, Hatch–Waxman Litigation, Section 505(b)(2), and the Biosimiliars Patent Dance," IP Life Sciences Exchange, Frankfurt, Germany, November 10, 2015
Speaker, "GDUFA Inspections, and Labeling, Oh My: A Look at the Regulatory Challenges and Opportunities for the Generic Industry Operating in the U.S. in 2015," World Generic Medicines Congress Europe 2015 Conference, Madrid, March 4-5, 2015
Moderator, "The Present Part 2: Generic Industry Challenges and Current Issues," Food and Drug Law Institute's Conference on Celebrating the 30th Anniversary of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments: The Past, Present and Future of Generic Drugs, Washington D.C., September 18, 2014
Moderator, "Doing Business With India: Latest Developments in Pharmaceutical Regulation," FDLI Webinar, June 27, 2014
Presenter, "Introduction to Drug Law and Regulation: The Legal Framework for Drug Regulation," The Food and Drug Law Institute, November 7, 2013
Moderator, "Practical Impact of Caronia and First Amendment Implications," Food and Drug Law Annual Conference, Washington, D.C., April 23, 2013
Presenter, "Violations and Enforcement," Food and Drug Law Institute's  Conference on Introduction to Drug Law and Regulation: The Legal Framework for Drug Regulation, Washington, D.C.,  April 4, 2013
Speaker, "Hot Topics in Food, Medical Devices and Pharmaceuticals,"  Food and Drug Law Institute's U.S. & Brazil: Navigating New Frontiers in Pharmaceutical, Medical Device and Food Law and Regulation Conference, Sao Paolo, Brazil, September 10, 2012
Speaker, American Health Lawyers Association and Food and Drug Law Institute's Conference on The Intersecting Worlds of Drug, Device, Biologics and Health Law, Washington, D.C., May 22, 2012
Speaker, "An Exploration of Current Professional Conduct Rules and Ethical Issues Raised by Lauren Stevens and Similar Cases,"  Food and Drug Law Institute's 55th Annual Conference, Washington D.C., April 25, 2012
Speaker, "Biosimilars: Viewing the New Guidances Through an International Lens," Food and Drug Law Institute Webinar, March 28, 2012
Presenter, Introduction to Medical Device Law and Regulation: How the Government Regulates the Medical Device Industry, Washington D.C.. March 12, 2012
Speaker, Food and Drug Law Institute's U.S.-China Food and Drug Law Conference, Beijing, June 2011
Speaker, American Conference Institute Summit on Drug and Device Product Recalls, Philadelphia, March 2011
Visiting Lecturer, University of Florida School of Pharmacy, Masters in Pharmacy, March 2011
Speaker, Food and Drug Law Institute's Introduction to Drug Law and Regulation, Washington, D.C., November 2010
Speaker, Food and Drug Law Institute's Introduction to Drug Law and Regulation, Washington, D.C., October 2009
Speaker, Food and Drug Law Annual Conference, Washington, D.C., April 22-23, 2009
Speaker, Food and Drug Law Institute's Introduction to Drug Law and Regulation, Washington, D.C., June 26-27, 2008
Speaker, "E-Discovery Ramifications of the Qualcomm Case," Webinar, March 18, 2008
Speaker, Food and Drug Law Institute's Introduction to Drug Law, Import and Export Issues, January 19, 2007 
Speaker, Food and Drug Law Institute's Introduction to Drug Law, Enforcement, January 19, 2007 

















×
Duane Morris LLP - Email Disclaimer


Contact Duane Morris Via E-mailThank you for your interest in Duane Morris.  
Please do not send confidential or sensitive information to us unless you speak with a Duane Morris attorney and receive specific authorization to 
send such information.  We cannot assure you that communications without such authorization will be considered or maintained confidential or privileged 
as to a matter in which Duane Morris does not already represent you.  
Please refer to the Disclaimer for further information.  
By clicking [ACCEPT TERMS] below to continue sending an e-mail, you acknowledge and agree to all the terms of this paragraph and the Disclaimer.

Accept Terms
Cancel






 














FREDERICK BALL - STONINGTON, CT - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CT



STONINGTON



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            FREDERICK BALL
                                    



 





















F 


FREDERICK BALL
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



216 AL HARVEY RD STONINGTON, CT 06378
Get Directions



(860) 535-4216





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $86,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts FREDERICK BALL







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Frederick Ball is located at 216 Al Harvey Rd in Stonington and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














letgo - Bowling ball bag in Frederick, MDSearch
                      Send me the App
                    Log InSell Your Stuff
            Home
          
              Maryland
            
              Frederick
            
              Fashion and Accessories
            Bowling Ball BagDescription
                                    Black bowling ball bag. Dusty but in pretty good shape. Minor damage from use. 
                
                  1 week
                 45
                    Frederick, MD            Share this product
                    $15
                Bowling Ball Bag - FrederickChat with Taylor WilkinsAbout the sellerTTaylor WilkinsSet Of Two Vintage Faux Pearl Necklaces Mount Holly Springs, PADouble Layer Gold NecklaceMount Holly Springs, PAGolden Necklace With Opening BackMount Holly Springs, PAThree Layered NecklaceMount Holly Springs, PASee all Taylor Wilkins's productsLog in or create your account at letgo Discover Sell Your Stuff  FAQ
                              Use the letgo app and post a product in a snap!
                            
                                  letgo app
                Download from Google PlayDownload from App Store Facebook An error occurred while logging in with Facebook. Please try again. Google An error occurred while logging in with Google. Please try again.OR USE YOUR EMAILSign UpLog InPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Please enter a username.Sign Up
                                By clicking on "Sign up", you agree to the letgo Terms & Conditions and Privacy PolicyPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Remember meLog InForgot your password?Enter your email address and we’ll send you a link to download the free appPlease enter a valid email address.SendAccept
        The letgo Privacy Policy has been updated. Please click "Accept" to show your agreement with the new policy.
      










 




FREDERICK BALL - EWING, NJ - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



EWING



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            FREDERICK BALL
                                    



 





















F 


FREDERICK BALL
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9 BOLEYN CT EWING, NJ 08628
Get Directions



(609) 637-0531





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts FREDERICK BALL






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Frederick Ball has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments from Ewing. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







F

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Fred Ball - Wikipedia






















 






Fred Ball

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the Australian footballer, see Fred Ball (footballer). For the American enamelist, see Fred Uhl Ball.


Fred Ball



Fred Ball in 1956



Born
Frederick Henry Ball
(1915-07-17)July 17, 1915
Jamestown, New York, U.S.


Died
February 5, 2007(2007-02-05) (aged 91)
Cottonwood, Arizona, U.S.


Occupation
Movie studio executive, and Talent manager


Years active
1978–2000


Spouse(s)
Zo Ball


Children
4


Relatives
Lucille Ball (sister)
Lucie Arnaz (niece)
Desi Arnaz, Jr. (nephew)


Frederick Henry Ball (July 17, 1915 – February 5, 2007) was an American movie studio executive, and brother of comedian Lucille Ball.[1][2]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life
1.2 Career
1.3 Death


2 References
3 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]
Ball was born on July 17, 1915, to Henry Durrell Ball (September 25, 1887 – February 28, 1915) and Désirée "Dede" Evelyn Hunt (September 21, 1892 – July 20, 1977) in Jamestown, New York, U.S.A. He was named after his grandfather. He grew up in a Baptist family; his father was of Scottish descent and related to the first President of the United States, George Washington (whose mother was Mary Ball). His mother was of French, Irish and English descent. His genealogy can be traced back to the earliest settlers in the colonies, including Edmund Rice, a founder of Sudbury, Massachusetts.[3][4] Another direct ancestor, William Sprague, left England on the ship Lyon's Whelp for Plymouth/Salem, Massachusetts. He helped found the city of Charlestown, Massachusetts.
His father was a telephone lineman for the Bell Telephone Company, and his mother was a concert pianist. His father contracted typhoid fever while DeDe Ball was pregnant with Fred, and died in February 1915. When Fred was a few years old, his mother met a Swedish Lutheran salesman named Edward (Ed) Peterson, and married him in 1918.
Fred and his sister were raised by their grandparents. Their grandfather (Fred Hunt) was an eccentric socialist who enjoyed the theater and frequently took the family to vaudeville shows. He worked in the furniture industry. He often whittled toys and made doll furniture for his grandchildren. Fred thought of Mr. Hunt as his father (since his own father died before he was born); it was his grandfather who became a surrogate father to him through most of his childhood. Fred, Lucille, and their mother all lived together with the Hunts for a time in Celoron.
In 1927, a neighborhood child, Warner Erikson, was paralyzed by a shot accidentally fired from a gun Fred's grandfather had given him for his birthday. Erikson died five years later. The resultant publicity and lawsuit forced Mr. Hunt to sell his house and enter bankruptcy. He was even jailed for a time. After this incident (which was referred to in the family as "the break-up"), the family had to split and never lived together in one place again. Fred's grandfather died in 1944.
Career[edit]
He left Jamestown to join his sister in California in the 1930s, working as a page boy at Cafe Trocadero. He was Desi Arnaz's band road manager in the 1940s and 1950s and was on the Board of Directors of Desilu Productions (the studio that Desi and Lucy purchased in 1951 and that produced I Love Lucy, as well as Star Trek, Mission: Impossible, and The Untouchables).
Fred did not have an acting career after managing administration at Desilu Productions but instead continued to manage restaurants and hotels such as the Palm Desert Hotel, as well as self-manage and maintain his own holdings in motels, and mobile home parks. He was a real estate agent and broker in Arizona.
Death[edit]
Fred Ball died of natural causes in Cottonwood, Arizona, on February 5, 2007, at the age of 91. He was cremated and buried in the Hunt family plot at Lake View Cemetery in Jamestown, New York, where his parents, Henry and Desirée (Hunt) Ball, his sister, Lucille Ball, and his grandparents are buried. He was survived by his four children, Pamela Ball Von Pinnon, Melissa LeBritton, April Jackson, and Geoffrey Ball, as well as seven grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Fred's wife, Zo Ball, died on May 12, 2013, at the age of 93.
References[edit]


^ Associated Press. "Lucille Ball's brother dies in Cottonwood", Tucson Citizen, February 7, 2007. Retrieved on 2008-05-29.
^ "Fred Ball.". Daily Variety (February, 2007). February 12, 2007. Retrieved 2014-02-17. 
^ "Some Ancestral Remains of Lucille Ball by Lois Barris". Rootsweb.com. Retrieved October 6, 2012. 
^ "Isaac Ball (1747- ?)". Edmund Rice (1638) Association. Lucille Desiree Ball (1911–1989) was a descendant of Edmund Rice as follows: Edmund Rice (1594–1663); Henry Rice (1617–1711); Elizabeth Rice (1648–1740); Mary Brewer (1680–?); Isaac Ball (? –1789); Isaac Ball (1747–1790); Isaac Ball (1787–1865); Clinton Manross Ball (1817–1893); Jasper Clinton Ball (1852–933); Henry Durell Ball (1887–1915) and Fred Ball (1915–2007). Retrieved May 13, 2012. 




Karol, Michael (2004). Lucy A to Z: The Lucille Ball Encyclopedia. iUniverse. p. 45. ISBN 0-595-29761-7. 
Crocker, Kathleen; Currie, Jane (2004). Jamestown. Arcadia Publishing. ISBN 0-7385-3515-X. 
Investigation of Communist Activities in the Los Angeles Area Statement of Fred H. Ball, September 4, 1953
“Lucille Ball's Brother, Fred Has Died”


External links[edit]


Biography portal



Fred Ball (II) on IMDb





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Fred_Ball&oldid=771484618"					
Categories: American film studio executivesAmerican male television actors1915 births2007 deathsLucille BallAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of French descentAmerican people of Scottish descentBaptists from the United StatesPeople from Jamestown, New YorkAmerican people of Irish descent20th-century American businesspeopleHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 March 2017, at 20:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Fred Ball - Wikipedia






















 






Fred Ball

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the Australian footballer, see Fred Ball (footballer). For the American enamelist, see Fred Uhl Ball.


Fred Ball



Fred Ball in 1956



Born
Frederick Henry Ball
(1915-07-17)July 17, 1915
Jamestown, New York, U.S.


Died
February 5, 2007(2007-02-05) (aged 91)
Cottonwood, Arizona, U.S.


Occupation
Movie studio executive, and Talent manager


Years active
1978–2000


Spouse(s)
Zo Ball


Children
4


Relatives
Lucille Ball (sister)
Lucie Arnaz (niece)
Desi Arnaz, Jr. (nephew)


Frederick Henry Ball (July 17, 1915 – February 5, 2007) was an American movie studio executive, and brother of comedian Lucille Ball.[1][2]



Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Early life
1.2 Career
1.3 Death


2 References
3 External links



Biography[edit]
Early life[edit]
Ball was born on July 17, 1915, to Henry Durrell Ball (September 25, 1887 – February 28, 1915) and Désirée "Dede" Evelyn Hunt (September 21, 1892 – July 20, 1977) in Jamestown, New York, U.S.A. He was named after his grandfather. He grew up in a Baptist family; his father was of Scottish descent and related to the first President of the United States, George Washington (whose mother was Mary Ball). His mother was of French, Irish and English descent. His genealogy can be traced back to the earliest settlers in the colonies, including Edmund Rice, a founder of Sudbury, Massachusetts.[3][4] Another direct ancestor, William Sprague, left England on the ship Lyon's Whelp for Plymouth/Salem, Massachusetts. He helped found the city of Charlestown, Massachusetts.
His father was a telephone lineman for the Bell Telephone Company, and his mother was a concert pianist. His father contracted typhoid fever while DeDe Ball was pregnant with Fred, and died in February 1915. When Fred was a few years old, his mother met a Swedish Lutheran salesman named Edward (Ed) Peterson, and married him in 1918.
Fred and his sister were raised by their grandparents. Their grandfather (Fred Hunt) was an eccentric socialist who enjoyed the theater and frequently took the family to vaudeville shows. He worked in the furniture industry. He often whittled toys and made doll furniture for his grandchildren. Fred thought of Mr. Hunt as his father (since his own father died before he was born); it was his grandfather who became a surrogate father to him through most of his childhood. Fred, Lucille, and their mother all lived together with the Hunts for a time in Celoron.
In 1927, a neighborhood child, Warner Erikson, was paralyzed by a shot accidentally fired from a gun Fred's grandfather had given him for his birthday. Erikson died five years later. The resultant publicity and lawsuit forced Mr. Hunt to sell his house and enter bankruptcy. He was even jailed for a time. After this incident (which was referred to in the family as "the break-up"), the family had to split and never lived together in one place again. Fred's grandfather died in 1944.
Career[edit]
He left Jamestown to join his sister in California in the 1930s, working as a page boy at Cafe Trocadero. He was Desi Arnaz's band road manager in the 1940s and 1950s and was on the Board of Directors of Desilu Productions (the studio that Desi and Lucy purchased in 1951 and that produced I Love Lucy, as well as Star Trek, Mission: Impossible, and The Untouchables).
Fred did not have an acting career after managing administration at Desilu Productions but instead continued to manage restaurants and hotels such as the Palm Desert Hotel, as well as self-manage and maintain his own holdings in motels, and mobile home parks. He was a real estate agent and broker in Arizona.
Death[edit]
Fred Ball died of natural causes in Cottonwood, Arizona, on February 5, 2007, at the age of 91. He was cremated and buried in the Hunt family plot at Lake View Cemetery in Jamestown, New York, where his parents, Henry and Desirée (Hunt) Ball, his sister, Lucille Ball, and his grandparents are buried. He was survived by his four children, Pamela Ball Von Pinnon, Melissa LeBritton, April Jackson, and Geoffrey Ball, as well as seven grandchildren and great-grandchildren. Fred's wife, Zo Ball, died on May 12, 2013, at the age of 93.
References[edit]


^ Associated Press. "Lucille Ball's brother dies in Cottonwood", Tucson Citizen, February 7, 2007. Retrieved on 2008-05-29.
^ "Fred Ball.". Daily Variety (February, 2007). February 12, 2007. Retrieved 2014-02-17. 
^ "Some Ancestral Remains of Lucille Ball by Lois Barris". Rootsweb.com. Retrieved October 6, 2012. 
^ "Isaac Ball (1747- ?)". Edmund Rice (1638) Association. Lucille Desiree Ball (1911–1989) was a descendant of Edmund Rice as follows: Edmund Rice (1594–1663); Henry Rice (1617–1711); Elizabeth Rice (1648–1740); Mary Brewer (1680–?); Isaac Ball (? –1789); Isaac Ball (1747–1790); Isaac Ball (1787–1865); Clinton Manross Ball (1817–1893); Jasper Clinton Ball (1852–933); Henry Durell Ball (1887–1915) and Fred Ball (1915–2007). Retrieved May 13, 2012. 




Karol, Michael (2004). Lucy A to Z: The Lucille Ball Encyclopedia. iUniverse. p. 45. ISBN 0-595-29761-7. 
Crocker, Kathleen; Currie, Jane (2004). Jamestown. Arcadia Publishing. ISBN 0-7385-3515-X. 
Investigation of Communist Activities in the Los Angeles Area Statement of Fred H. Ball, September 4, 1953
“Lucille Ball's Brother, Fred Has Died”


External links[edit]


Biography portal



Fred Ball (II) on IMDb





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Fred_Ball&oldid=771484618"					
Categories: American film studio executivesAmerican male television actors1915 births2007 deathsLucille BallAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of French descentAmerican people of Scottish descentBaptists from the United StatesPeople from Jamestown, New YorkAmerican people of Irish descent20th-century American businesspeopleHidden categories: Pages to import images to WikidataArticles with hCards 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 21 March 2017, at 20:18.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






