





































































﻿





































































﻿





































































﻿





































































﻿





































































﻿





































































﻿












































































 






Bank of the Ozarks Reviews & Ratings, Accounts








 








 






  dbxfdcxt






					Checking Accounts				

					Savings Accounts				



				More 





 Search






							Banks							×














 
















Menu


See All Banks
Overview & States ServedCertificates of DepositLoan ProductsCustomer ExperienceAddressProduct Offers 








					Bank of the Ozarks				


Overview & States ServedCertificates of DepositLoan ProductsMoreCustomer ExperienceAddressProduct Offers 








Bank of the Ozarks



Overview & States Served




Certificates of Deposit




Loan Products




Customer Experience




Address




Product Offers










 See all Banks				

 Choosing A Bank				




Share
















Bank of the Ozarks

 







smart rating
4.644What's this?
 

Lower Fees than competitorsHigher Savings Account rates than other banksFewer Branches per state than most national institutions 

 

See All Arkansas Banks  >>  












Advertisement


ShareOverview & States ServedBank of the Ozarks is a branch bank founded in 1903 and headquartered in Little Rock, AR. It operates 159 branches in 8 states.Based on its fees, size, and account interest rates this bank receives a Smart Rating of 93 out of 100, which is about equal to the average for a branch bank.Click the button below to view a list of banks sorted by Smart Rating.Top 10 Banks  with highest Smart Rating  >> 





Advertisement


ShareCertificates of Deposit

Current CD Yields



Offer DetailsBank of the Ozarks offers a 6-month certificate of deposit (CD) with an APY of 0.08%, which is worse than the average APY on similarly termed CDs. For those interested in a longer term CD, Bank of the Ozarks offers a 60-month CD that has an APY of 1%. This rate underperforms the market average.Need more details? Credio's web page for Bank of the Ozarks contains detailed information on their offered CD rates. Alternatively, click the button below to view the top yielding certificate of deposit offers nationwide, or to set filters to explore other offers.See Top Ten CDOffers by APY >>

 





Advertisement


ShareLoan Products

Auto Loans




Affordability Rating
Est. New APR
Monthly Payment




3out of 5 stars
4.3 percentfor 60 months 
$463 United States dollarsbased on 25k loan





To learn more, check out Credio's website for Bank of the Ozarks' auto loans for offer details. Alternatively, click the button to the right to see the top auto lenders nationwide, or to set filters to explore other options.


See Top 10Auto Lenders >>


 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareCustomer ExperienceConsumer ComplaintsLooking for the perfect bank for you? Credio's bank comparison website contains all 5,042 U.S. banks, with options to sort and filter by location, bank size and Smart Rating. Click the button below to use the advanced filters.See all U.S. Banks  >> 





Advertisement


ShareAddress & Contact Information



Website
website (bankozarks.com)


Email
http://banks.credio.com/l/653/Bank-of-the-Ozarks


General Phone Number
(501) 978-2265





Bank Operating Hours
Mon7:00 am - 6:00 pmTue7:00 am - 6:00 pmWed7:00 am - 6:00 pmThu7:00 am - 6:00 pmFri7:00 am - 6:00 pmSat7:00 am - 12:00 pmSunClosed


Headquarters
17901 Chenal ParkwayLittle Rock,  Arkansas 72223United States

Still searching for the perfect bank? Try the Banks homepage, where you can sort and filter on 5,042 banks. You can click the button below to view all banks in Arkansas, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Banks  in Arkansas  >> 

 







ShareProduct Offers
 





Advertisement





×









Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



Bank of the Ozark- Products






































OverviewPre-QualifyGet StartedCalculatorsMy AccountContact UsOverviewMonthly PaymentPayment ScheduleExtra PaymentHow Much Can I AffordHow Much Can I BorrowRent vs OwnFixed Rate Vs ARM15-Year vs 30-Year MortgageRefinance Interest SavingInterest onlyOverviewProfileLoan ProcessMeet The TeamLinksFormsHomeLoan CenterProductsAbout UsFAQResources













 


















 






































Bank of the Ozarks offers a variety of loan programs to meet your needs. We work with the leading lenders in the industry to provide:

Unless otherwise indicated, these APR calculations are based on the following: Conforming loans (whose maximum loan amount is below $417,000 for the contiguous states, District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico or below $625,500 for Alaska, Guam, Hawaii and the Virgin Islands) are calculated based on a loan amount of $417,000 with closing costs of $8,340. Jumbo Loans (whose maximum loan amount exceed $417,000 for the contiguous states, District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico or exceed $625,500 for Alaska, Guam, Hawaii and the Virgin Islands) are calculated based on a loan amount of $1,000,000 with closing costs of $20,000. Your actual APR may be different depending upon these factors.


 




















Bank of the Ozarks

 - 

Ph: 501-978-2300Fax: 501-978-2315Member FDIC






















Bank of the Ozarks: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:49 PM ET
Banks

Company Overview of Bank of the Ozarks



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Bank of the Ozarks provides various retail and commercial banking products and services. The company accepts non-interest bearing checking, interest bearing transaction, business sweep, savings, money market, and individual retirement accounts; and time deposits. Its loan products include real estate loans, such as loans secured by residential 1-4 family, non-farm/non-residential, agricultural, construction/land development, multifamily residential properties, and other land loans; consumer loans; small business loans; indirect consumer marine and RV loans; and government guaranteed loans comprising SBA and FSA guaranteed loans. The company’s loan products also include commercial and industr...
Bank of the Ozarks provides various retail and commercial banking products and services. The company accepts non-interest bearing checking, interest bearing transaction, business sweep, savings, money market, and individual retirement accounts; and time deposits. Its loan products include real estate loans, such as loans secured by residential 1-4 family, non-farm/non-residential, agricultural, construction/land development, multifamily residential properties, and other land loans; consumer loans; small business loans; indirect consumer marine and RV loans; and government guaranteed loans comprising SBA and FSA guaranteed loans. The company’s loan products also include commercial and industrial loans, and leases; and agricultural loans, which include loans to businesses or individuals engaged in the production of timber, poultry, livestock, or crops. In addition, it offers mortgage lending; treasury management services, such as wholesale lock box services; remote deposit capture services; and trust and wealth management services, including financial planning, money management, custodial, and corporate trust services, as well as engages in the real estate development and private aircraft businesses. Further, the company provides real estate appraisals; ATMs; telephone banking; online and mobile banking services comprising electronic bill pay and consumer mobile deposits; credit, debit, and gift cards; safe deposit boxes; investment brokerage services; and other products and services, as well as processes merchant debit and credit card transactions. It serves businesses, individuals, and non-profit and governmental entities. As of June 26, 2017, the company operated 251 offices in Arkansas, Georgia, Florida, North Carolina, Texas, Alabama, South Carolina, New York, and California. Bank of the Ozarks was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Detailed Description


17901 Chenal ParkwayLittle Rock, AR 72223United StatesFounded in 19812,315 Employees



Phone: 501-978-2265

www.bankozarks.com







Key Executives for Bank of the Ozarks




Mr. George G. Gleason


      	Chairman, CEO & President
      


Age: 63
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.0M








Mr. Greg L. McKinney


      	CFO and Chief Accounting Officer
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: $594.6K








Mr. Tyler Vance


      	COO & Chief Banking Officer
      


Age: 43
        

Total Annual Compensation: $594.6K








Mr. Dan Thomas


      	Vice Chairman & Chief Lending Officer
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.0M








Mr. R. Darrel Russell


      	Chief Credit Officer
      


Age: 63
        

Total Annual Compensation: $263.7K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Bank of the Ozarks Key Developments

Bank of the Ozarks Announces Earnings Results for the Second Quarter and Six Months of 2017
Jul 12 17
Bank of the Ozarks announced earnings results for the second quarter and six months of 2017. The company has reported a net income for the second quarter of 2017 of USD 90.5 million, a 66.2% increase from USD 54.5 million for the second quarter of 2016. Diluted earnings per common share for the second quarter of 2017 were USD 0.73, a 21.7% increase from USD 0.60 for the second quarter of 2016. 

For the six months ended June 30, 2017, net income totaled USD 179.7 million, a 69.3% increase from net income of USD 106.2 million for the first six months of 2016. Diluted earnings per common share for the first six months of 2017 were USD 1.46, a 25.9% increase from USD 1.16 for the first six months of 2016.


Bank of the Ozarks Looking For Acquisitions
Jul 12 17
Bank of the Ozarks (NasdaqGS:OZRK) is looking for acquisitions. George G. Gleason, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Bank of the Ozarks said "We expect to continue to be disciplined in our acquisition strategy and to apply this triple-accretive test to future opportunities. We remain active in identifying and analyzing M&A opportunities, and we believe this strategy will help us create significant additional shareholder value over time."


Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. Files Form 15
Jul 6 17
Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. has announced that it has filed a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to voluntarily deregister its common stock, par value $0.01 per share under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1854 Bancorp United States 1889 Bancorp MHC United States 1st Financial Bank USA United States 1st Manatee Bank United States 1st National Bank United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Bankruptcy

			      February 17, 2017
			    
305 Green Valley LLC





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bank of the Ozarks, please visit www.bankozarks.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Welcome to the Bank of the Ozarks Blog! - Bank of the Ozarks













































 



Home
Corporate News
New Services
Monday on the Money
Connect With Us


search
close
Search for:



 
Open Menu
Home
Corporate News
New Services
Monday on the Money
Connect With Us


search
close
Search for:




 








Share




Welcome to the Bank of the Ozarks Blog! July 19, 2016



I am delighted to announce the launch of this new website you are reading right now – the official Bank of the Ozarks Blog!
Our new blog will be edited by Bank of the Ozarks Executive Vice President of Marketing, Susan Blair. Susan, who has a wealth of knowledge about the Bank, our communities, history, products and performance, will be the the site’s managing editor. She will curate all types of information, ranging from new product launches and banking tips to employee milestones to bank and community news to financial reports.
Susan will call on people throughout the company to share information regarding their areas of expertise so our readers will have the opportunity to meet some of the people who make Bank of the Ozarks great.
On this page, there is an email subscription box. If you are interested in receiving these updates directly in your email inbox, be sure to subscribe.
If you have any suggestions or questions, please reach out to me at: ppearlman@bankozarks.com.
We look forward to sharing more with you.
Phil Pearlman, Marketing Director, Bank of the Ozarks

Share




 


BACK TO Posts
 






Subscribe to Bank of the Ozarks News  & Insights










 Close close



















Bank of the Ozarks - Wikipedia






















 






Bank of the Ozarks

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Bank Of Ozarks Inc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Bank of the Ozarks


Bank of the Ozarks Headquarters in Little Rock, Arkansas







Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: OZRK
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Financial Services


Founded
1903; 114 years ago (1903)
Jasper, Arkansas, US


Headquarters
Little Rock, Arkansas, Arkansas, U.S.



Key people

George Gleason
(Chairman and CEO)


Products
Retail Banking, Commercial Banking and Treasury



Net income

 US$601.5 million (2016)


Total assets
 US$18.89 billion (2016)


Total equity
 US$2.79 billion (2016)



Number of employees

3,000


Website
www.bankozarks.com


Bank of the Ozarks is a bank headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas with more than 255 locations in Arkansas, Texas, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Alabama, Florida, California and New York and $18.45 billion in assets as of June 30, 2016. Early in 2014, it was the third-largest bank in Arkansas.
History[edit]
Bank of the Ozarks began with a community bank in Jasper, Arkansas in 1903, expanding to a second location in Ozark, Arkansas in 1937.[1]
George Gleason, a lawyer specializing in banking at the Rose Law Firm, bought Bank of Ozark in 1979 when it had $28 million in assets and changed its name to Bank of the Ozarks. In 1994 the bank had five locations but began expanding.[2] The headquarters moved to Little Rock in 1995.[1]
In 2004, Bank of the Ozarks was the state's second-largest bank with 41 locations, with plans to double that number within the state, and to add full-service branches in Texas and North Carolina, where loan offices had already opened. In Texas, Bank of the Ozarks was paying $2.2 million for an excess charter after the purchase of Sun Bank by Happy Bancshares Inc. of Happy, Texas. In addition to $2 million in deposits, the charter would allow the bank to open new branches in the Dallas area.[3]
In December 2008, Bank of the Ozarks moved into a 112,000-square-foot 4-story headquarters, designed by Reese Rowland of Polk Stanley Rowland Curzon Porter Architects on Chenal Parkway near Rahling Road. For five years the bank had rented space in the GMAC Building and Three Financial Center.
30 years after Gleason took over, his bank had $3.2 billion in assets and 72 locations, 65 in Arkansas, 6 in Texas and one in North Carolina, and 740 employees. Only four of the branches were purchases.[2]
In 2010, Bank of the Ozarks bought four failed banks, two of those in Georgia.[4] Unity National Bank of Cartersville with $290 million in assets was the bank's first purchase in Georgia.[5] Bank of the Ozarks also bought Chestatee State Bank of Dawsonville, Georgia; Horizon Bank of Bradenton, Florida; and Woodlands Bank in Bluffton, South Carolina, which had a Savannah, Georgia branch. Randy Dennis of DD&F Consulting Group called Gleason "shrewd" and "cautious" in his strategy of acquiring failed banks.[4]
In 2011, Bank of the Ozarks acquired three more failed Georgia banks: Oglethorpe Bank of Brunswick with $210 million in assets; First Choice Community Bank of Dallas; and Park Avenue Bank of Valdosta.[4][6][7][8][9]
In 2012, SNL Financial named Bank of the Ozarks the best performing regional bank.[6]
In January 2013 Bank of the Ozarks agreed to pay $64 million for First National Bank of Shelby in Shelby, North Carolina, which dated to 1874. Bank of the Ozarks would be "the dominant bank" in Cleveland County, North Carolina. This deal, plus the bank's first full-service branch on Park Road in Charlotte, would give Bank of the Ozarks 15 locations and $700 million in deposits in North Carolina.[10] By August 2014, the bank also had offices in Cornelius and Belmont.[11]
On December 9, 2013, Bank of the Ozarks announced the $23 million acquisition of Bancshares Inc. of Houston, with $301 million in assets, $269 million in deposits and eight branches of Omnibank N.A., three in Houston, one in San Antonio and four in the Austin area.[12]
On January 30, 2014, Bank of the Ozarks announced a $216 million merger with Summit Bancorp of Arkadelphia, the state's sixth largest bank with $1.2 billion in assets and 24 locations. This was the bank's largest merger yet.[13]
Also in 2014, Bank of the Ozarks announced a $228.5 million deal for Intervest Bancshares Corp. of Pinellas County, Florida, with seven offices, six in Florida, $1.6 billion in assets and $1.3 billion in deposits. bank of the Ozarks had four locations in Manatee County.[11]
On May 6, 2015, a $64.7 million deal was announced with Bank of the Carolinas of Mocksville, North Carolina. The deal would give Bank of the Ozarks 24 locations in North Carolina, up from 16, and its first presence in the Piedmont Triad. The bank's North Carolina deposits would increase from $596.2 million to $963.7 million, making it the state's 19th largest bank. Total branches would increase to 171.[14]
On October 19, 2015, Bank of the Ozarks announced an agreement to acquire Community & Southern Bank, in an all-stock transaction valued at approximately $799.6 million.[15] This acquisition, both in total assets and in purchase price, is the largest ever by an Arkansas bank.[16]
On November 9, 2015, a $402.5 million deal was announced with C1 Bank of St. Petersburg, Florida. Upon the closing of the transaction, C1 will merge into Bank of the Ozarks. Completion of the transaction is subject to certain closing conditions, including customary regulatory approvals and approval by C1 shareholders. The transaction is expected to close late in the first quarter of 2016 or early in the second quarter of 2016. This transaction will be Bank of the Ozark's fifteenth acquisition since March, 2010 and upon completion will make Bank of the Ozarks the largest bank in Arkansas.[17]
References[edit]



^ a b "History". Retrieved May 8, 2015. 
^ a b Smith, David (February 1, 2009). "Bank of Ozarks moves to new building, caps 30-year success story". Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. p. 67. 
^ Smith, David (March 16, 2004). "Bank of Ozarks is taking long view: Institution plans out-of-state growth". Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. p. 23. 
^ a b c Sider, Alison (January 15, 2011). "Lender acquires bank in Georgia". Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. p. 25. 
^ Smith, David (April 4, 2010). "Banks plan more acquisitions: Home BancShares, Ozarks still shopping Florida, Georgia". Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. p. 69. 
^ a b "Business Briefs: Bank of the Ozarks named top performing bank in the nation". Newnan Times-Herald. May 27, 2012. Retrieved May 14, 2015. 
^ "First Choice Community Bank in Dallas, Georgia (GA)". bankencyclopedia.com. Retrieved May 14, 2015. 
^ "Failed Bank Information: Information for First Choice Community Bank, Dallas, GA". Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Retrieved May 14, 2015. 
^ Poling, Dean (April 30, 2011). "Park Avenue Bank closes". Valdosta Daily Times. Retrieved May 14, 2015. 
^ O'Daniel, Adam (January 30, 2013). "Bank of the Ozarks deploying 'war chest' in North Carolina expansion". Charlotte Business Journal. Retrieved May 11, 2015. 
^ a b O'Daniel, Adam (August 1, 2014). "Bank of the Ozarks to buy Intervest Bank for $228 million". Charlotte Business Journal. Retrieved May 11, 2015. 
^ Pulsinelli, Olivia (December 10, 2013). "Bank of the Ozarks scoops up Houston bank". Houston Business Journal. Retrieved May 14, 2015. 
^ Smith, David (January 31, 2014). "Bank of Ozarks agrees to purchase Summit, 11th acquisition since '10". Arkansas Democrat-Gazette. p. 1. 
^ Craver, Richard (May 7, 2015). "Bank of the Carolinas to be sold to Arkansas bank". Winston-Salem Journal. Retrieved May 14, 2015. 
^ http://www.bankozarks.com/assets/docs/bank_of_the_ozarks_and_community_and_southern_press_release_101515.pdf
^ http://talkbusiness.net/2015/10/bank-of-the-ozarks-announces-800-million-deal-largest-by-an-arkansas-bank/
^ http://www.bankozarks.com/assets/docs/bank_of_the_ozarks_inc_and_c1_financial_inc_press_release_11_09_15.pdf



External links[edit]

Official website








v
t
e


Selected Companies of the NASDAQ Financial-100 index






American National Insurance
Arch Capital Group
Argo Group
Bank of the Ozarks
Banner Corp.
BGC Partners
BofI Holding
BOK Financial Corporation
Capitol Federal Savings Bank
Cathay General Bancorp
CBOE Holdings
Chemical Financial
Cincinnati Financial
CME Group
Colliers International
Commerce Bancshares
CyrusOne
E*Trade
East West Bank
Equinix
Erie Indemnity
Fifth Third
First Citizens BancShares
First Hawaiian Bank
First Midwest Bancorp
Fulton Financial Corporation
Gaming & Leisure
Glacier Bancorp
Hancock Bank
Huntington Bancshares
IberiaBank
IHS Markit
Independent Bank
Interactive Brokers
International Bancshares
Investors Bank
Lamar Advertising
LPL Financial
Nasdaq, Inc.
Navient
NBT Bank
Northern Trust
Northwest Bancorp
Old National Bank
PacWest Bancorp
People's United Financial
Pinnacle Financial Partners
Popular, Inc.
Potlatch Corp.
PRA Group
Renasant Bank
SEI Investments
Selective Insurance
SLM Corporation
SVB Financial
T. Rowe Price
TD Ameritrade
Umpqua Holdings
United Bankshares
Washington Federal
Westamerica Bank
Willis Towers Watson
Wintrust Financial
WisdomTree
Zillow
Zions Bancorporation










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bank_of_the_Ozarks&oldid=788562468"					
Categories: Banks of the United StatesCompanies based in Little Rock, ArkansasCompanies listed on NASDAQBanks based in ArkansasCompanies based in ArkansasCompanies in the NASDAQ Financial-100 IndexHidden categories: Articles created via the Article Wizard 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 03:35.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










































Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. (OZRK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis | Market Research Reports® Inc.



















Skip to main content









 








Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Become Publisher
Blog
 





0 items $0.00 











Search form

Search this site 
 

Search



 










You are here: Home  Catalog  Banking & Finance  Company Reports (Banking & Finance) 









Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. (OZRK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis











Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. (OZRK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis









Printer versionSend by email





Publication ID: TMC0516445
Publication Date: 

May 16, 2016



Pages: 

43


Publisher: Timetric
Countries: 

USA


$125.00
Publication Type *
 - Select -Single User License (PDF), $125.00Site License (PDF), $250.00Global License (PDF), $375.00
Please choose the suitable license type from above. More details are at given under tab "Report License Types" below.




Add to cart





Why to buy from us?




 Globally Trusted Brand


We help executives from Fortune 500 firms to Start-ups with their market research needs thus we can help you too. 





 Shop With Confidence


If you have any pre-sales questions related to this report pelase let us know using the "Report Enquiry" form below. This will help us provide you with answers so that you can purchase with confidence. 





 Secure Checkout


You can shop confidently as your online payments are processed using PCI DSS compliant secure payment gateways on our website.





 Frequently Asked Questions


If you wish to read about frequently asked questions by our customers please visit our FAQs page.










TabsDescription

This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Bank of the Ozarks, Inc."
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.
Timetric's "Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. (OZRK) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, SWOT analysis, business description, company history, financial analysis, mergers & acquisitions, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries, employee biographies as well as competitive benchmarking data.
Scope
• Examines and identifies key information and issues about "Bank of the Ozarks, Inc." for business intelligence requirements.
• Studies and presents the company's strengths, weaknesses, opportunities (growth potential) and threats (competition). Strategic and operational business information is objectively reported.
• Provides data on company financial performance and competitive benchmarking.
• The profile also contains information on business operations, company history, major products and services, key employees, and locations and subsidiaries.
Reasons To Buy
• Quickly enhance your understanding of "Bank of the Ozarks, Inc."
• Gain insight into the marketplace and a better understanding of internal and external factors which could impact the industry.
• Increase business/sales activities by understanding your competitors’ businesses better.
• Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.
Key Highlights
Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. (OZRK) is a financial services provider. The company offers a range of retail banking, commercial banking and wealth management solutions. The company's portfolio of products and services includes checking accounts, savings accounts, credit cards, debit cards, gift cards, personal loans, mortgage loans, money market accounts, certificate of deposits, commercial loans and leasing services. It also offers life insurance solutions, express deposit services, investment management services, individual retirement planning, bill payment services, treasury management services, mobile banking services, online banking services and ATM services. The company operates through a network of branches and ATMs. It has offices located across Georgia, Arkansas, California, Texas, Alabama, South Carolina, Florida, North Carolina and New York. OZRK is headquartered at Little Rock, Arkansas, the US.




Table of Contents

1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Business Analysis
1.1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Company Overview
1.2 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Business Description
1.3 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Major Products and Services
2 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Analysis of Key Performance Indicators
2.1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators
2.2 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Financial Performance Indicators
2.2.1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Total Income and Net Profit Margin
2.2.2 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Asset and Liabilities
2.2.3 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Gearing Ratio
2.2.4 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Valuation
2.3 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Competitive Benchmarking
2.3.1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Market Capitalization
2.3.2 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Efficiency
2.3.3 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Valuation
3 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships
3.1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - M&A and Partnerships Strategy
4 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Recent Developments
5 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - SWOT Analysis
5.1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - SWOT Analysis - Overview
5.2 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Strengths
5.3 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Weaknesses
5.4 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Opportunities
5.5 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Threats
6 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Company Statement
7 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - History
8 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Employees
9 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Employee Biographies
10 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Locations and Subsidiaries
10.1 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Head Office
10.2 Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Other Locations and Subsidiaries
11 Appendix
11.1 Methodology
11.2 Ratio Definitions
11.3 Disclaimer
List of Tables
Table 1: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Major Products and Services
Table 2: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Ratios - Annual
Table 3: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Ratios - Interim
Table 4: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Capital Market Indicators
Table 5: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - History
Table 6: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Employees
Table 7: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Key Employee Biographies
Table 8: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Subsidiaries
Table 9: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Locations
List of Figures
Figure 1: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Total Income and Net Profit
Figure 2: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Financial Position
Figure 3: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Gearing Ratio
Figure 4: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Valuation
Figure 5: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Market Capitalization
Figure 6: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Efficiency
Figure 7: Bank of the Ozarks, Inc. - Valuation




Companies Covered

Bank of the Ozarks, Inc.




Report License Types

Single User License (PDF)
This license allows for use of a publication by one person.
This person may print out a single copy of the publication.
This person can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
This person cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Single User License must be purchased for every person that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Site License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by all users within one corporate location, e.g. a regional office.
These users may print out a single copy of the publication.
These users can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
These users cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside the corporate location for which the publication is purchased.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Site User License must be purchased for every corporate location by an organization that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Global License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by unlimited users within the purchasing organization e.g. all employees of a single company.
Each of these people may use the publication on any computer, and may print out the report, but may not share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside of the organization.
These employees of purchasing organization can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
*If Applicable.




Report Enquiry


Do you have more questions related to this market research report after going through the description and table of contents?
We are here to help. Please use the form given below to let us know your questions related to this report.
Kindly use your official email address and contact number to ensure speedy response.


First Name *



Last Name *



Company *



Email Address *



Phone (Including International Code) *



Report Title *



Your Inquiry *








CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


Math question *
 2 + 3 =  
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


Submit




Company Reports (Banking & Finance)Banking & Finance

*Please note that the report cover image shown above is for representation purpose only. Actual report cover may vary.








 125.00000
Single User License (PDF)

Market Research Reports® Inc.
http://www.marketresearchreports.com












Related Market Research Reports







Publication 

Price 





Jefferies Group LLC (JEF) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Jefferies Group LLC"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



China UnionPay Company Ltd. : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "China UnionPay Company Ltd."
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



IFFCO-Tokio General Insurance Co. Ltd. : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "IFFCO-Tokio General Insurance Co. Ltd."
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



Standard Chartered Bank – India Branches : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Standard Chartered Bank – India Branches"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



Fremont Michigan InsuraCorp Inc. (FMMH) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Fremont Michigan InsuraCorp Inc."
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



Harleysville Group Inc. : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Harleysville Group Inc."
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



The Bank of Iwate Ltd (8345) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "The Bank of Iwate Ltd"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



Land Bank of Taiwan Co., Ltd : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Land Bank of Taiwan Co., Ltd"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



Abu Dhabi National Insurance Company PSC (ADNIC) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Abu Dhabi National Insurance Company PSC"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



Pethealth Inc. (PTZ) : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Pethealth Inc."
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 



SIX Group Ltd : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "SIX Group Ltd"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report. 

$125.00 




 









Clients Who Trust Us

 











Need tailor made market research solution? We can help you with that too.

Contact Us










About Us

At Market Research Reports, Inc. we aim to make it easier for decision makers to find relevant information and locate right market research reports which can save their time and assist in what they do best, i.e. take time-critical decisions.
We work with our associate Global market research firms who are known leaders in their respective domains to obtain right market research solution for our customer’s needs, be it custom research or syndicated research reports.





Contact Us


Market Research Reports, Inc

















16192 Coastal Hwy
Lewes, DE 19958, USA
 USA: +1-302-703-9904
 India: +91-8762746600
 marketresearchreports
[email protected]
 




User login


Username *
 


Password *
 

Create new account
Request new password


Log in
 




Latest Blog Posts



  
 Investment Opportunities in Taiwan: Semiconductor, Chemical and Consumer Goods will Lead the Pack 

 Global Investment Opportunities in Ports and Terminals 
 
 


Stay Connected







 



Sign up to our newsletter:
Email Address *
 



Subscribe
 





 




Research Industries

Home
Automotive
Banking & Finance
Business & Government
Chemicals
Computing & Electronics
Consumer & Retail
Energy & Utilities
Food & Beverages
Industry & Manufacturing
Marketing & Advertising
Media
Pharma & Healthcare
Telecom
Transport
Travel & Leisure
 









Our Company

About Us
Publications By Country
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
 







© Copyright 2010-17 Market Research Reports, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. M Market Research Reports and the M Market Research Reports Logo are registered trademarks of Market Research Reports, Inc.
Disclaimer: Market Research Reports, Inc. has no affiliation to, and is not associated with any other website(s) or organization(s). We offer syndicated research reports (like country analysis, SWOT analysis, competitive intelligence, industry reports, company reports and market analysis & trends reports) and custom market research from our website MarketResearchReports.com only.
If you are looking for a market research solution for your research requirements, please begin your search using the search box on top of this page or use our chat system to speak to our market research consultants or directly write to us.
 














	Central Bank of the Ozarks



































×
Log into your account







Error:
                            The User ID / Password you entered does not match our records
                        

User Id


Log into your Account






















×
Search Central Bank




Search Input


Search












































Open Menu
Open Search




















Central Bank of St. Louis
                                O'Fallon, IL
                            





About Us




Change Location















?


We're here, let us help you.
ChatMake an appointmentContact Us
Close


















































































Change Location









































A Note from Central Bank of the OzarksGreetings:
A successful bank can be measured in many different ways. But the one simple way we have always defined success is how well our customers, community and employees are doing. As a community bank, we are only successful if the people in our community are successful.
Our jobs as bankers is to loan money to people in our area—to start a business, to help their children go to college and to finance their first car or home.  But, our most important job is to support our community. The next time you’re at a local charity event, take a look around. You’ll probably recognize some of our employees working side-by-side with the rest of the volunteers. Our employees have always shared our bank’s ongoing commitment to volunteerism. And while we certainly encourage them to be involved, they make a conscious choice to do so.  Central Bank of the Ozarks employees contribute countless hours of their personal time and donation dollars to a variety of charitable endeavors, community churches, local schools, civic groups, non-profit organizations and leadership efforts, even coaching the local little league team. The list is endless. We also support our community with over $300,000 annually in donations and sponsorships to support the many causes that make the Ozarks a great place to work and live.
We have always maintained a simple, straightforward approach to banking: get to know our customers well and focus on the banking fundamentals that have proven successful over the years.  Our mission is to build long-term relationships by consistently offering friendly, convenient service, sound financial advice and state-of-the-art products.
     As we look ahead to all of the possibilities the future holds, rest assured that we will always continue to provide you with safe and dependable financial services and community outreach and support—everything that makes a community bank a true community partner. 
























Quick Links



                    Contact Us
                    
                



                    Switch to Us!
                    
                



                    Careers
                    
                



                    Irish Checking
                    
                



                    Classic Club
                    
                



                    Check Us Out on Facebook
                    
                



                    Follow Us on YouTube
                    
                



                    Apply for a Mortgage Loan
                    
                


































































































































Meet Our Team



























×






×






















































 Equal Housing Lender. Member FDIC.

















Can we help YOU? 











                                    Learning Center
                                







                                    Contact Us
                                







                                    Chat
                                








                                            Email Customer Service
                                        




                                             Send a Secure Email
                                        




                                             Make an Appointment
                                        




                                             Report Lost/Stolen Card
                                        
















×

































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Reference.com - What's Your Question

















www.reference.com































articles



                        Where is the Bank of the Ozarks located?

As of April 2015, the Bank of the Ozarks is located throughout the states of Arkansas, Texas, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida and Alabama with more than 150 locations. The company's headquarters is in Li...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Personal Banking
› Banks






                        Does the Bank of the Ozarks offer online banking?






The Bank of the Ozarks offers online banking. The website is available to all customers, and all information is secure, as noted by the Bank of the Ozarks.

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Business & Finance
› Corporations






                        What are the 50 American states?

The United States has 50 states that include Alabama, Arizona, Alaska, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, ...

                        More »


www.reference.com
› Geography
› United States





Related Search


Twin City Bank


Regions Bank


First Security Bank


Summit Bank


Sunnet




Bank of the Ozarks Online Banking


Arvest Bank


Bank of America


Sign in Hotmail Account


Arkansas Federal Credit Union





similar articles


What are the capitals of all 50 states?






The capitals of all 50 American states are Sacramento in California, Montgomery in Alabama, Denver in Colorado, Juneau in Alaska, Dover in Delaware, Phoenix in Arizona, Boise in Idaho, Little Rock in Arkansas, Hartford i...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Geography
› United States





What are the 50 states of the United States?






The 50 states that comprise the United States are Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Ma...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Geography
› Maps & Cartography





What are the 50 states in alphabetical order?






The 50 states in alphabetical order are as follows: Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, ...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› Geography
› Maps & Cartography





What were the 13 Confederate States?

The 13 states that made up the Confederate States of America were North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, Texas, Florida, Virginia, Tennessee, Arkansas, Kentucky and Missouri. Kentucky a...

                            More »


www.reference.com
› History
› Modern History
› US History














Related Search


Twin City Bank


Bank of the Ozarks Online Banking


Regions Bank


Arvest Bank


First Security Bank


Bank of America


Sign in Hotmail Account


Sunnet





Today's Top 10 Articles in business-finance







Who owns Barclays Bank?









Which Chase Bank branches are open on Sundays?









How much money is in an ATM?









What time does Bank of America close on Saturdays?









Is Wells Fargo Bank open on Columbus Day?
















Privacy


Terms


Contact


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC





















Vehicles | Reference.com









































www.reference.com
































Vehicles




Q:

What is the Large Hadron Collider?



A:
The Large Hadron Collider is a particle accelerator and is the largest of its type in the world. It is used for conducting experiments in theoretical physics and was built with a focus on determining whether the Higgs boson particle exists. 


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Airplanes & Helicopters




























Airplanes & Helicopters









Q:
What are different types of air transportation?


A:
Types of air transportation include commercial airplanes, helicopters, seaplanes, blimps and hot air balloons. Two of these, blimps and hot hair balloons, are reserved for recreational purposes, and are not used to transport people one destination to another.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Airplanes & Helicopters












Q:
How did the airplane change the world?


A:
The airplane has changed the world in numerous ways, especially by increasing the speed of travel, aiding international business and making the world more connected and globalized. Before the invention of airplanes, most people would never travel to faraway places because of the sheer amount of time it took to sail across oceans or to drive through countries. The airplane changed that.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Airplanes & Helicopters












Q:
How fast do helicopter blades spin?


A:
The Aerokopter AK1-3 helicopter has a rotor tip speed of 205 meters per second or 672 feet per second. It is an ultra-lightweight manned kit helicopter.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Airplanes & Helicopters












Q:
What do flight attendants say before take off?


A:
Immediately before takeoff, flight attendants typically remind passengers to fasten their seat belts and prepare for takeoff. However, the procedures vary depending on the airline. In addition to this statement, there is a long list of things covered before a plane takes off. A flight attendant usually conducts a demonstration that covers this information.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Airplanes & Helicopters












Q:
How fast does an aircraft carrier go?


A:
Aircraft carriers can move about 35 miles per hour. Enterprise Class and Nimitz Class carriers are 1,040 feet long and 252 feet wide. They can hold about 80 aircraft.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Airplanes & Helicopters












Q:
What is the name of the fastest manned aircraft?


A:
According to LiveScience, the fastest manned aircraft ever flown is the experimental X-15. As of 2013, the X-15 holds the world record for fasted speed achieved by a piloted aircraft: 4,520 miles per hour, which is 6.72 times the speed of sound.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Airplanes & Helicopters








See More Airplanes & Helicopters Questions









Buying & Selling









Q:
How do you get cash for junk cars?


A:
Several businesses pay cash for junk cars, including Pick-n-Pull and US Junk Cars. Both vendors arrange a deal with the seller. Then, they either pick up the car or wait for the seller to drop it off.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Buying & Selling












Q:
Is it safe to buy cars on eBay?


A:
Buying cars on eBay is generally safe, according to About.com. EBay has a Vehicle Purchase Protection program to safeguard against fraud. Circumstances in which buyers are protected include a vehicle previously reported as being stolen, liens not reported, and discrepancy in odometer, make, model and year.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Buying & Selling












Q:
How much did a new car cost in 1933?


A:
According to the website TheCostOfLiving.com, the average car cost $605 in 1933. Because of inflation, however, a dollar was worth far more in 1933 than it is today, so the cost was roughly equivalent to $10,214 in 2010 dollars.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Buying & Selling












Q:
What are some characteristics of good first cars?


A:
There are many characteristics of a good first car, including how well it fits into the buyer's budget, safety ratings and options, a solid reliability record and type of vehicle, according to CARFAX. Due to safety concerns, a good first car should be one that ranges in size from small to large sedans to trucks and SUVs rather than subcompact cars, which have the highest fatality ratings out of any group of cars.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Buying & Selling












Q:
What happens to new cars that are not sold?


A:
Occasionally, unsold cars are put to use at the dealership; otherwise, they may be sold at auction or traded to another dealership where they are in higher demand. Once cars are bought by a dealership, they are not sold back to the factory.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Buying & Selling












Q:
What are the issues to look for when buying a used car?


A:
Issues to look for when buying a used car include body damage, rust, brake degradation, frame damage, electrical issues, AC/heater problems and damage to the belts or hoses. When buying a used car, the buyer needs to take additional precaution and examine the vehicle thoroughly to ensure the vehicle does not require serious or expensive repairs. Checking the background information on the vehicle is useful to uncover potential issues.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Buying & Selling








See More Buying & Selling Questions









Car Makes & Models









Q:
What is the weight of a bus?


A:
The weight of the average transit bus is 38,000 pounds. Sometimes the weight of a bus is expressed in terms of a gross vehicle weight rating or the maximum amount the vehicle can weigh including cargo and passengers.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Makes & Models












Q:
Who designs the Ferrari cars?


A:
As of 2014, the chief designer at Ferrari is Flavio Manzoni. He heads an entire department at Ferrari tasked with designing new cars.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Makes & Models












Q:
What different colors does a Maserati come in?


A:
Available Maserati colors will vary by model, but the Ghibli, Maserati's most affordable model, comes in many colors, from white to brown. According to the auto company's website, Maserati's most expensive model, the GranTurismo Convertible MC, also comes in several shades, including blue and yellow and also has the option of a matte finish.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Makes & Models












Q:
How do you find cheap sports cars?


A:
Autobytel.com is an automotive adviser website that features a top 10 list of the least expensive new sports cars. Popular Mechanics also produces a list of 10 cheap sports cars under 10,000 dollars that features used sports cars, as of 2015.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Makes & Models












Q:
What makes a car a classic?


A:
There is no universally accepted standard as to what makes a car a classic. As of 2014, many states' vehicle registries consider an antique car one that was built after 1922 and is at least 20 years old. The Classic Car Club of America has a strict list of acceptable cars that were produced between 1925 and 1948.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Makes & Models












Q:
How tall is a semi truck?


A:
The average height of a semi-truck trailer is 13 feet 6 inches to 14 feet. There are no federal regulations on semi-truck heights, but there are roads that have lower clearances than the average height of a commercial motor vehicle.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Makes & Models








See More Car Makes & Models Questions









Car Parts & Maintenance









Q:
What are the advantages and disadvantages of hydrogen fuel cells?


A:
According to Future Cars, advantages of hydrogen fuel cells include non-corrosion, water vapor emissions and an indefinite fuel source. One disadvantage is the excessive carbon dioxide emissions when making hydrogen fuel cells; another is the fact that replacing fossil fuel infrastructure with fuel cells requires a massive investment in the billions or trillions of dollars.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Parts & Maintenance












Q:
What is the purpose of a tie rod end?


A:
Tie rod ends help direct the steering of a vehicle and make it possible to turn a tire. These devices exist in pairs on every tire. This allows for cornering and angling of the tire without causing too much torque on the wheel no matter how deep the turn.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Parts & Maintenance












Q:
What does it mean when my headlights don't work but my high beams do?


A:
When low-beam headlights do not work, but high beams are functioning correctly, the most likely cause is a bad dimmer switch. A bad dimmer switch can also result in the opposite problem, where low beams working but high beams are not. Dimmer switches are usually integrated in the steering column where the headlight switch is mounted.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Parts & Maintenance












Q:
What does frost on the inside of the car windows mean?


A:
Frost inside of a car's windows means that low temperatures caused the water vapor in the air to condense and freeze on the glass. This phenomenon happens especially in the winter, after a sunny day and freezing night.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Parts & Maintenance












Q:
What does antifreeze smell like?


A:
Antifreeze has a sweet smell like pancake or maple syrup. If the smell is noticeable inside the vehicle, the heater core is likely to be leaking. Smelling the sweet scent outside the vehicle indicates that the coolant leak might be in a hose or the radiator.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Parts & Maintenance












Q:
What causes a car to stall while driving?


A:
Some of the most common causes for a car's stalling whilst driving include: a poor idle speed control, or ISC, system, low fuel pressure, loss of ignition and vacuum or EGR leaks. Diagnosing the specific problem should be a priority in order to get it fixed.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Car Parts & Maintenance








See More Car Parts & Maintenance Questions
















Explore Vehicles



Airplanes & Helicopters




Buying & Selling




Car Makes & Models




Car Parts & Maintenance




DMV & Records







                EXPLORE OTHER CATEGORIES
            


Art & Literature


Beauty & Fashion


Business & Finance


Education




Family


Food


Geography


Government & Politics




Health


History


Hobbies & Games


Holidays & Celebrations




Home & Garden


Math


Pets & Animals


Science




Sports & Active Lifestyle


Technology


Vehicles


World View









Privacy


Terms


Contact


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC






















Health | Reference.com









































www.reference.com
































Health




Q:

What part of the body does chickenpox affect?



A:
Chickenpox normally affects the head, chest and back first, and the rash can then spread to the rest of the body, according the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It can even affect the eyelids, mouth and genitals. 


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Skin Conditions




























Conditions & Diseases









Q:
Can you die from tonsillitis?


A:
It is extremely rare to die from tonsillitis, according to the American Academy Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery. This stems from the quality of medical and surgical interventions available today.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Conditions & Diseases












Q:
What is considered morbidly obese?


A:
According to the University of Rochester Medical Center, morbid obesity is when a person has a body mass index of 40 or higher or is 100 pounds or more over ideal weight. For those with weight-related conditions, a body mass index of 35 or higher is morbidly obese.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Conditions & Diseases












Q:
How long does walking pneumonia last?


A:
With treatment, the symptoms of walking pneumonia are alleviated within two weeks, according to Nemours. It also may take up to six weeks for walking pneumonia to resolve.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Conditions & Diseases












Q:
What are causes for lower back pain?


A:
According to WebMD, the top causes of chronic lower back pain are degenerative disk disease, herniated disks and osteoporosis. The likelihood of developing these conditions is determined partially by genetics. The lower back has nociceptive fibers, which are responsible for sending pain signals to the brain. Some people have more nociceptive fibers than others, resulting in varying amounts of back pain despite leading similar lifestyles.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Conditions & Diseases












Q:
Why is there protein in my urine?


A:
In healthy people, fever, emotional stress and intense exercise can temporarily increase protein levels in the urine, according to the American Association for Clinical Chemistry. Abnormal protein levels may also point to kidney damage due to diabetes and hypertension.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Conditions & Diseases












Q:
Can a hernia burst?


A:
Hernias do not burst. Hernias can rupture, growing larger until they have been fixed. Minor hernias can be surgically repaired with little difficulty, but the worse a hernia is, the more serious a health risk it can become.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Conditions & Diseases








See More Conditions & Diseases Questions









Dental









Q:
How many adult teeth are you supposed to have?


A:
According to the Encyclopaedia Britannica, humans have 32 permanent, or adult, teeth. The initial set of teeth in humans is called the primary or deciduous set and is made up of 20 teeth.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Dental












Q:
What are dentures made of?


A:
Dentures are most often made from plastic or porcelain with an acrylic or plastic base, notes Tom Scheve for HowStuffWorks. The specific type of dentures an individual needs is mostly dependant on whether he has partial or full loss of his teeth.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Dental












Q:
How do you control bleeding after a tooth extraction?


A:
By applying pressure to the site of the extraction and exercising basic wound care, most people are able to stop bleeding entirely within about 24 hours following a tooth extraction. WebMD recommends additional measures to manage bleeding, reduce the risk of infection and speed up the process of recovery. If symptoms persist for longer than 24 hours, it is advisable to report them to a doctor or the oral surgeon who performed the procedure.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Dental












Q:
Why is popcorn bad for braces?


A:
According to the University of Rochester Medical Center, patients with orthodontics need to avoid hard foods like popcorn because it can become lodged in the braces. Popcorn is even capable of breaking braces.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Dental












Q:
What are front teeth partial dentures?


A:
Front teeth partial dentures are removable dentures that consist of replacement teeth attached to a pink or gum-colored base, according to WebMD. Connected to the mouth by a metal plate framework, partial dentures are used when one or more of the natural front teeth are still in place on the upper or lower jaw.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Dental












Q:
How long does a toothache last?


A:
A toothache can cause severe pain indefinitely if it is not treated, according to the National Health Service of Britain. A toothache typically is caused by tooth decay and may progress to a dental abscess without treatment.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Dental








See More Dental Questions









Diagnostics & Imaging









Q:
How can you check your blood pressure at home?


A:
To check blood pressure at home, roll up one sleeve, sit down for a few minutes and place the cuff of a heart monitor around the upper arm. Inflate the cuff until it reads 30 points above the expected systolic pressure and look at the pressure reading on the screen or dial. It is a good idea to take multiple readings and record each reading with the time and date, according to the American Heart Association.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Diagnostics & Imaging












Q:
What is dangerous about radio waves?


A:
When radio waves pass through the human body at extremely high doses, they can break down tissue and damage DNA structure. Radio waves have been linked to headaches, multiple sclerosis and sleep disorders and may contribute to more serious illnesses like cancer and brain tumors. However, some argue that the only scientifically proven negative side effect of radio waves is a rise in temperature in the substance through which the waves pass, and the debate is fierce as to the true effects of radio waves in humans.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Diagnostics & Imaging












Q:
What is a spirometry test?


A:
A spirometry test measures lung function. A patient takes a deep breath and blows into a tube as hard as possible, explains Mayo Clinic. The test is repeated at least three times for consistency, and the highest result of the three consistent trials is used as the final result.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Diagnostics & Imaging












Q:
What does a CT scan show?


A:
According to Johns Hopkins Medicine, a CT scan shows body parts such as organs, bones, fat and muscle in greater detail than a usual X-ray can provide. A CT scan does use X-rays, but the beam circles the area to be scanned and allows for more views and angles.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Diagnostics & Imaging












Q:
Why should you fast before blood tests?


A:
Fasting for a certain length of time before a blood test is one way of ensuring that your test results are not contaminated by the food you've eaten. The Mayo Clinic notes that fasting may not be necessary to get an accurate reading on a cholesterol test, but most doctors will still ask that you fast for at least 12 hours before your appointment.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Diagnostics & Imaging












Q:
What is the difference between aseptic and sterile?


A:
According to the Wound, Ostomy and Continence Nurses Society, sterile is the absence of and continued protection against all microorganisms, while aseptic refers to protections against pathogenic microorganisms. These two techniques, while similar in purpose, differ in severity and diligence. Sterile is the more thorough of the two types.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Diagnostics & Imaging








See More Diagnostics & Imaging Questions









Fitness & Exercise









Q:
How can a person run a 6-minute mile?


A:
The ability to run a 6-minute mile depends on fitness level, physical condition, age and genetics. Because of this, some people may never achieve running a mile in 6 minutes, despite extensive training. However, those in good physical condition with a natural runner's body and experience with running might be able to train for a 6-minute mile using a measured distance running path and a stopwatch.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Fitness & Exercise












Q:
How can I make my body more flexible?


A:
According to Women's Health, many individuals know how to push when it comes to developing their muscles but not their flexibility. Engaging in regular yoga practice can address this shortcoming, by helping to lengthen tight muscles. When performing the exercises it is important to do them with patience and to maintain steady, long, deep breaths in the process.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Fitness & Exercise












Q:
What are exercises that lengthen legs?


A:
According to the Huffington Post, exercises that can create the appearance of longer legs include the balance plié and lunges in relevé. Doing these exercises will tone the quadriceps and make them appear longer.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Fitness & Exercise












Q:
What are some fun cardio workouts?


A:
Ideas to make a cardio workout fun range from running with a dog or watching a movie while working out to teaming up with a workout partner or using a creative app that changes things up. During a snowy winter, fun cardio workouts can include snowboarding, snowshoeing or skating.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Fitness & Exercise












Q:
How much is a membership at Equinox Fitness?


A:
Memberships to Equinox Fitness cost in the range of $155 per month for a single club to $195 per month for an all-access, world-wide pass.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Fitness & Exercise












Q:
What are the components of physical fitness?


A:
The five components of physical fitness are cardiovascular endurance, muscular strength, muscular endurance, flexibility and body composition, according to FitDay. There is unanimous agreement in the fitness community that these are the five components of physical fitness though the definition of what level of fitness needs to be achieved is a personal one, according to Functional Fitness Facts.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Fitness & Exercise








See More Fitness & Exercise Questions
















Explore Health



Conditions & Diseases




Dental




Diagnostics & Imaging




Fitness & Exercise




Insect & Animal Bites




Medical Ranges & Levels




Medications & Vitamins




Nutrition & Diets




Older Adults




Pain & Symptoms




Vision




Women's Health







                EXPLORE OTHER CATEGORIES
            


Art & Literature


Beauty & Fashion


Business & Finance


Education




Family


Food


Geography


Government & Politics




Health


History


Hobbies & Games


Holidays & Celebrations




Home & Garden


Math


Pets & Animals


Science




Sports & Active Lifestyle


Technology


Vehicles


World View









Privacy


Terms


Contact


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC






















Education | Reference.com









































www.reference.com
































Education




Q:

What is an oratorical speech?



A:
An oratorical speech is a speech delivered in the style of an orator. The term itself is somewhat redundant, as the words "oratorical" and "orator" both relate to the practice of giving speeches.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Public Speaking




























Colleges & Universities









Q:
How much sleep does the average college student get each night?


A:
According to the University of Georgia, the average college student gets 6.0 to 6.9 hours of sleep per night. Studies show that sleep deprivation affects college students' health, safety and grade point average.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Colleges & Universities












Q:
Why do we conduct research?


A:
Research is conducted to prove or disprove a hypothesis or to learn new facts about something. There are many different reasons for conducting research. For example, academic research is usually conducted to prove or disprove a theory while medical research is conducted to advance knowledge of medical conditions and create treatments. Ultimately, research is conducted to gain a better understanding of something or someone or to provide a solution to a problem.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Colleges & Universities












Q:
What is ITB Delta Gamma?


A:
According to the Delta Gamma organization, it is a female fraternal organization committed to service, friendship and leadership development, and ITB is a slogan of the sorority standing for "in the bond." "ITB Delta Gamma" shows sisterhood in the sorority.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Colleges & Universities












Q:
What is the oldest university in Britain?


A:
The University of Oxford is the oldest university in Britain. While there is no precise date for its founding, the university has existed in some form since 1096.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Colleges & Universities












Q:
How do you get a degree in wildlife biology?


A:
Pursuing a career in wildlife biology requires a university education that features labs and fieldwork as well as attendance at lectures. The first two years are spent on common studies. During the following two years, the student decides whether to choose a degree that concentrates on wildlife or fisheries.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Colleges & Universities












Q:
What are some college grants available for women?


A:
Women seeking college grants can find assistance through varied sources. Sometimes grants are provided by the specific academic institution to which they are applying; other times they come from private organizations with specialized foci. Some specific grants intended for college-bound women are found through the Barry Goldwater Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the National Black Nurses Association and Regent's Health Care, to name just a few.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Colleges & Universities








See More Colleges & Universities Questions









Homework Help









Q:
How do you make a model of a mountain?


A:
To make a model of a mountain, use a soda bottle or a tall cardboard cylinder as the center of the mountain. Attach cardboard strips from the high point to a wooden or cardboard base. Cover with paper-mache strips and paint.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Homework Help












Q:
What are the duties of a tutor?


A:
The duties of a tutor include providing students with academic support during assigned hours, developing academic materials and lessons relevant to the coursework, and collaborating with instructors to ensure the lesson materials are appropriate for the grade level or student's skill set. In an academic setting, a tutor may also be responsible for greeting guests at the front desk or answering phones in the tutoring center.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Homework Help












Q:
Where can you get help in precalculus?


A:
Help for precalculus is available at numerous websites and in person at tutorial centers. Websites like Coolmath.com and TheMathPage give topic overviews and examples of how to work specific types of problems. Mathway.com allows people to enter an actual problem and works it out for them.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Homework Help












Q:
Where can I get help with my math homework?


A:
There are many websites that help students complete their math homework and also offer lesson plans to help students understand their homework. Some examples of these websites are Khan Academy, Pinchbeck, the Scholastic Homework Club and Slader. Students can also contact a tutor or go to their teacher for private help. Websites like All Homework also do homework for the user and let them see the solutions.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Homework Help












Q:
What is a learning aid?


A:
Learning aids are books, notes, charts, computers, recordings, diagrams or any equipment, tools, and devices that aids in the learning and development process. Learning aids enhance one's learning abilities and help to increase one's learning potential.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Homework Help












Q:
What is the average hourly rate for a tutor?


A:
The average tutor rate for high school students is $10 to $15 per hour, and up to $75 per hour for a certified teacher with experience.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Homework Help








See More Homework Help Questions









K-12









Q:
Why are teachers important?


A:
Teachers are important because they not only provide instruction to children in one or more academic areas, depending on the grade level, but they also stand as an additional source of encouragement in the life of a child. Given the socioeconomic and family unit challenges that face so many students today, there are days when a child may only see a smile from his or her teacher, as all the other adults have so much stress going on that they are not able to convey love and acceptance.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


K-12












Q:
At what age should a child enter kindergarten?


A:
According to Cambridge University, formal education can be delayed until the age of seven to allow children to benefit from play-based experiences during early childhood. Children beginning formal education at the age of seven benefit both socially and educationally.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


K-12












Q:
What are the different approaches to learning?


A:
The three most common approaches to learning are the behaviorist, cognitive and humanist approaches. Additional modern approaches to learning include a focus on technology, social media and diversity and problem-based or competency-based learning.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


K-12












Q:
What is the dramatization method of teaching?


A:
The dramatization teaching method refers to a collection of teaching tools that include traditional drama techniques, such as improvisation, storytelling, role playing and games. A lot of emphasis is placed on engaging students through interactive activities. Dramatic teaching is integrated into many different types of curriculum.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


K-12












Q:
Why should students read?


A:
Some of the reasons students should read include: vocabulary and fluency improvement, better comprehension skills and for fun. Reading skills carry many benefits for children of all ages.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


K-12












Q:
How much paper does the average school use?


A:
The average school uses approximately 250,000 pieces of paper per school year, according to Edutopia. This estimate is based on an average of 50 reams of paper per teacher at a 100-teacher school.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


K-12








See More K-12 Questions









Public Speaking









Q:
What are the characteristics of an effective public speaker?


A:
Effective public speakers are relaxed, well-practiced, descriptive and personable with their audience. They also tend to be well-prepared, often having rehearsed their speech using visualization techniques.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Public Speaking












Q:
What is an example of an introduction of a speech?


A:
The introduction to a speech typically includes an attention getter, the main point and a brief outline of the sub-points. Exact examples depend on the type of speech.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Public Speaking












Q:
What is good to say in a speech in an election running for treasurer?


A:
According to Speech-Topics-Help.com, there are 10 important ideas to guide what you say to your audience while running for a specific position, especially if you are running for treasurer. The most important of these ideas include a statement that indicates what you stand for and the reason why you want to serve as the treasurer.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Public Speaking












Q:
What are some tips for public speaking?


A:
The most important thing a person can do to develop good public speaking skills is to practice as much as possible. Before becoming a polished speaker, one must first gain comfort, experience and poise with the process of presenting in front of a group.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Public Speaking












Q:
What is a short speech about love?


A:
A short speech about love is a short oral presentation about the concept of love. The speech could contain quotes on the matter, philosophical observations or personal anecdotes. It could include the different types of love, the idealization of love, the role of love in marriage or any other topic related to love.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Public Speaking












Q:
How do you write a leadership speech?


A:
According to recommendations by Forbes.com, there are 10 important keys to writing an effective leadership speech. These keys are underpinned by the two main objectives behind every speech: to make a good impression and to leave the audience with two or three takeaways. The first key is to be memorable, and in order to achieve this, the speech should be built around a main theme.


See Full Answer

Filed Under:


Public Speaking








See More Public Speaking Questions
















Explore Education



Colleges & Universities




Homework Help




K-12




Public Speaking




Standardized Tests




Writing







                EXPLORE OTHER CATEGORIES
            


Art & Literature


Beauty & Fashion


Business & Finance


Education




Family


Food


Geography


Government & Politics




Health


History


Hobbies & Games


Holidays & Celebrations




Home & Garden


Math


Pets & Animals


Science




Sports & Active Lifestyle


Technology


Vehicles


World View









Privacy


Terms


Contact


Sitemap


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


