


Timothy C Barabe - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Timothy C Barabe in San Francisco, CA


Timothy C Barabe

                                                                           Intelius found that Timothy C Barabe  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                18 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Timothy Craig Barabe
Tim  Barabe


Get Report Now

Age

Timothy C Barabe is in his 60s

Timothy Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Westport, CT
Tybee Island, GA

Timothy's Relatives

Gregory Barabe
Gailyn Kennedy
Deborah Barabe
Debbie Barabe







Timothy C Barabe



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Financial Officer at Human Genome Sciences , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Timothy? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Timothy, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Timothy C Barabe
Get a Criminal Check on Timothy C Barabe
Get a Public Record Report on Timothy C Barabe
Get a People Search Report on Timothy C Barabe


Timothy C Barabe's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Timothy C Barabe has lived as well as Timothy C Barabe's phone numbers and email addresses.




Timothy C Barabe Has Lived in 7 States
California Address for Timothy C Barabe


1 S**** F****** P* 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA
Westport, CT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Timothy C Barabe

(301) ***-**** - Rockville, MD 
(408) ***-**** - Santa Clara, CA 
(770) ***-**** - Duluth, GA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Timothy C Barabe

b*****t@***.com
t************e@***.com
t********e@***.com


Get Email Report




Timothy C Barabe's Professional Information
Information regarding Timothy C Barabe's professional history.  Find out previous places Timothy C Barabe has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Timothy C Barabe Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Human Genome Sciences , Inc.
               Title: Chief Financial Officer
Company: Human Genome Sciences , Inc.
               Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Timothy C Barabe's Experience
Title: Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Human Genome Sciences , Inc.
Job Details
               The mission of HGS is to apply great science and great medicine to bring innovative drugs to patients with unmet medical needs. The HGS clinical development pipeline includes novel drugs to treat hepatitis C, lupus, anthrax disease, cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. The Company's primary focus is rapid progress toward the commercialization of its two key lead drugs, Albuferon® for hepatitis C and LymphoStat-B (belimumab) for lupus. Phase 3 clinical trials of both drugs are ongoing. ABthrax® (raxibacumab) is in late-stage development for the treatment of anthrax disease, and the Company is on track to begin the delivery in 2008 of 20,000 doses of ABthrax to the Strategic National Stockpile under a contract entered into with the U.S. Government in June 2006. Other HGS drugs in clinical development include two TRAIL receptor antibodies for the treatment of cancers.
Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Human Genome Sciences , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil. The mission of HGS is to apply great science and great medicine to bring innovative drugs to patients with unmet medical needs. The HGS clinical development pipeline includes novel drugs to treat hepatitis C, lupus, anthrax disease, cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. The Company's primary focus is rapid progress toward the commercialization of its two key lead drugs, Albuferon® for hepatitis C and LymphoStat-B (belimumab) for lupus. Phase 3 clinical trials of both drugs are ongoing. ABthrax® (raxibacumab) is in late-stage development for the treatment of anthrax disease, and the Company is on track to begin the delivery in 2008 of 20,000 doses of ABthrax to the Strategic National Stockpile under a contract entered into with the U.S. Government in June 2006. Other HGS drugs in clinical development include two TRAIL receptor antibodies for the treatment of cancers.
Additional Professional Information on Timothy C Barabe

 See Timothy C Barabe's LinkedIn Profile



Timothy C Barabe's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Timothy C Barabe


Timothy C Barabe's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Timothy C Barabe's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Timothy Barabe
Username Matches

                  TimothyBarabe
                  BarabeTimothy
                  Timothy.Barabe
                  Barabe.Timothy
                  Timothy_Barabe
                  Barabe_Timothy
                  Timothy-Barabe
                  Barabe-Timothy
                  TBarabe
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Barabe







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Selecta Biosciences Appoints Timothy C. Barabe to Board of Directors Nasdaq:SELB









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













Selecta Biosciences Appoints Timothy C. Barabe to Board of Directors




















August 01, 2016 07:00 ET

 | Source: Selecta Biosciences Inc






WATERTOWN, Mass., Aug.  01, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Selecta Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:SELB), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing targeted antigen-specific immune therapies for rare and serious diseases, today announced the election of Timothy C. Barabe to the company’s Board of Directors. Most recently serving as chief financial officer and executive vice president at Affymetrix Inc., Mr. Barabe has extensive experience in the life sciences industry, having held a broad range of financial and strategic roles. “We are very pleased to welcome Tim to our Board. Tim is an industry veteran with decades of strong strategic and financial experience in the life sciences industry,” said Werner Cautreels, PhD, Chairman, CEO and President of Selecta Biosciences. “Tim’s exceptional grasp of the commercial and financial opportunities and challenges entailed in financing and growing Selecta will add significant strategic perspectives as we seek to advance candidates from Selecta’s pipeline portfolio in development.” “I am very excited to be joining Selecta’s Board of Directors at this pivotal time as the company applies its novel technologies to generate a robust pipeline of candidates,” said Mr. Barabe. “Selecta’s novel immune therapies offer significant opportunities for the company to provide patients, providers and payors with meaningful new treatment options to address rare and serious diseases.” Mr. Barabe has more than 30 years of experience in the life sciences industry. He served as the chief financial officer and executive vice president at Affymetrix Inc., where he led the company’s financial functions as well as the treasury, investor relations, and information technology departments. Previously, he served as senior vice president and chief financial officer at Human Genome Sciences, where he was responsible for working with the leadership team to drive the financial strategy and operations of the company. For more than 20 years, he held senior international executive roles in finance, general management, and strategic planning at Novartis AG, one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. His roles included chief financial officer of the Sandoz Generics Business Unit, president of the CIBA Vision Corporation Specialty Lens Business Franchise, and group vice president and chief financial officer of CIBA Vision Corporation. Mr. Barabe has a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Massachusetts (Amherst) and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. He also serves as a director of several public company boards, including ArQule, Opexa Therapeutics and Vigilant Biosciences. About SelectaSelecta Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing targeted therapies that use immunomodulators encapsulated in nanoparticles to induce antigen-specific immune responses to prevent and treat disease. Selecta’s proprietary Synthetic Vaccine Particle (SVP) technology is a highly flexible nanoparticle platform, capable of incorporating a wide range of antigens and immunomodulators, allowing the SVP products to either induce antigen-specific tolerance or activate the immune system. Selecta's focus is on developing and commercializing differentiated therapies that are designed to modulate the immune system to effectively and safely treat rare diseases by mitigating the formation of anti-drug antibodies (ADAs) in response to life-sustaining biologic drugs. Tolerance-inducing SVP products also have potential applications in the treatment of allergies and autoimmune diseases. Selecta is also developing SVP products that activate the immune system to prevent and treat cancer, infections and other diseases. Selecta is based in Watertown, Massachusetts, USA. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding the impact of Mr. Barabe’s appointment on our business and the treatment potential of our product candidates. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: we have incurred significant losses and may never become profitable; our need for additional funding, which may not be available; our limited operating history; operating and financial restrictions from our credit facility and the charter of our Russian subsidiary; limitations on our ability to offset future tax income; the early stage of clinical development for our product candidates; the unproven approach of our SVP technology; our failure to capitalize on more profitable candidates or indications; the lengthy and expensive process of clinical drug development, which has an uncertain outcome; potential delays in enrollment of patients which could affect the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals; potential delays in regulatory approval, which would impact the ability to commercialize our product candidates and affect our ability to generate revenue; our potential inability to receive orphan drug designation; any fast track or Breakthrough Therapy designation may not lead to faster development, or regulatory or marketing approval; undesirable side effects of our product candidates, which could negatively impact regulatory approval or commercialization; our reliance on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, including 3SBio, our sole supplier of pegsiticase; our inability to maintain our existing or future collaborations or licenses; our reliance on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and the potential for those third parties to not perform satisfactorily; our lack of experience in manufacturing our product candidates on a commercial scale; the potential failure of our product candidates to achieve market acceptance; our lack of experience selling, marketing and distributing products and our lack of internal capability to do so; failure of our product candidates to offer material commercial advantages over other treatments; failure to compete successfully against other drug companies; unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party coverage, or reimbursement policies; product liability lawsuits; failure to obtain marketing approval internationally; compliance with healthcare laws and regulations; recently enacted or future legislation; post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market; compliance with export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations; strict price controls imposed by foreign governments; compliance with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations; negative public opinion or increased regulatory scrutiny of gene therapy and genetic research; our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property and limitations of that protection; failure to identify or correctly interpret patents relevant to our business; our ability to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets and know-how; changes in United States patent law; intellectual property infringement lawsuits; our patents being found invalid or unenforceable; obtaining and maintaining patents; claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property; failure to comply with intellectual property licenses and funding arrangements; our inability to obtain or maintain necessary rights through acquisitions or in-licenses; claims that we or our employees misappropriated intellectual property or claiming ownership of our intellectual property; adequate protection of our trademarks and tradenames; ability to obtain FDA approval of product names; competition from biosimilars; ability to attract and retain key executives and qualified personnel; managing our growth could result in difficulties; risks associated with operating in Russia, including sanctions, and internationally; potential system failures; misconduct of our employees or contracted third parties; the effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; substantial fluctuation in the price of our common stock; our executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders have the ability to control or significantly influence matters submitted to stockholders; a drop in share price due to the significant portion of our total outstanding shares eligible to be sold into the market; being an “emerging growth company”; costs and resources of operating as a public company; unfavorable or no analyst research or reports; and securities class action litigation against us.  These and other important factors discussed under the caption “Risk Factors” in our final prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on June 23, 2016 relating to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, and our other reports filed with the SEC could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Any such forward-looking statements represent management’s estimates as of the date of this press release. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release.  Media contact:
Kathryn Morris
The Yates Network
+1-845-635-9828
kathryn@theyatesnetwork.com

Investor Contact: 
Stephanie Ascher
Stern Investor Relations, Inc.
+1-212-362-1200
stephanie@sternir.com


Related Articles
other press releases by Selecta Biosciences


Selecta Biosciences Announces $50 Million Private Placement
June 26, 2017 08:00


Selecta Biosciences Announces Addition of Patrick J. Zenner to Board of Directors
June 19, 2017 08:00


Selecta Biosciences Reports Data from Ongoing Phase 2 Trial of  Lead Candidate, SEL-212, in Development for Chronic Severe Gout
June 15, 2017 07:30


Selecta Biosciences Announces Upcoming Clinical Presentations
June 06, 2017 08:00


Selecta Biosciences to Present at the Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference on June 7, 2017 
May 31, 2017 08:00






221



other news releases in

Directors and Officers

in the last 30 days
                            











Profile

Selecta Biosciences





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Watertown, Massachusetts, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
Media contact:
Kathryn Morris
The Yates Network
+1-845-635-9828
kathryn@theyatesnetwork.com

Investor Contact: 
Stephanie Ascher
Stern Investor Relations, Inc.
+1-212-362-1200
stephanie@sternir.com

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



Selecta Biosciences  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.








VEEV Timothy C. Barabe Insider Trades for Veeva Systems Inc. Cl A


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Veeva Systems Inc. Cl A

                  NYSE: VEEV
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Veeva Systems Inc. Cl A



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 6:14 p.m.


VEEV

/quotes/zigman/21690485/composite


$
63.75




Change

+0.58
+0.92%

Volume
Volume 139,524
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/21690485/composite
Previous close

$
			63.29
		


$
				63.17
			
Change

-0.12
-0.19%





Day low
Day high
$62.98
$63.96










52 week low
52 week high

            $36.06
        

            $68.07
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Timothy C. Barabe



Mr. Timothy C. Barabe is Independent Director at Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. and Independent Director at ArQule, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Veeva Systems, Inc., Vigilant Biosciences, Inc., Opexa Therapeutics, Inc., ArQule, Inc. and Project Open Hand, Inc. 
Mr. Barabe was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by Affymetrix, Inc., Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Human Genome Sciences, Inc., Managing Director-United Kingdom by Mölnlycke Health Care Group AB, Chief Financial Officer by Regent Medical Ltd., President-Specialty Lens Business Franchise by CIBA VISION Corp., Finance Director by Ciba-Geigy Corp., and Chief Financial Officer by Sandoz International GmbH. 
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Massachusetts and an MBA from The University of Chicago.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





06/22/2017
1,292


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/30/2017
1,292


 
Disposition at $51.04 per share.


65,944


03/22/2017
1,292


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/30/2016
1,292


 
Disposition at $40.54 per share.


52,378


12/22/2016
1,292


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


09/22/2016
1,292


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/09/2016
1,733


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/09/2016
1,732


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


12/09/2015
1,733


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Gordon  Ritter 
Chairman




Mr. Peter P. Gassner 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Matthew J. Wallach 
President




Mr. Mitch  Wallace 
Vice President-Operations




Mr. Timothy Stephen  Cabral 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Doug  Ostler 
Vice President-CRM Products & Technology




Mr. Henry  Levy 
Chief Strategy Officer




Mr. Dan  Goldsmith 
Chief Strategy Officer




Dr. Jacques  Mourrain 
Senior Director-Quality & Compliance




Ms. Avril  England 
General Manager-Veeva Vault




Mr. Steve  Harper 
Director-Product Management Vault Platform




Mr. Mark T. Carges 
Director




Mr. Paul  Shawah 
Senior Vice President-Commercial Strategy




Ms. Eleni Nitsa Zuppas 
Chief Marketing Officer & Head-Media Contacts




Mr. Alan V. Mateo 
Executive Vice President-Global Sales




Mr. Rick  Lund 
Director-Investor Relations




Ms. Lisa  Barbadora 
Head-Public Relations




Mr. Jonathan  Faddis 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Paul E. Chamberlain 
Independent Director




Mr. Paul Jai Sekhri 
Independent Director




Mr. Ronald E. F. Codd 
Independent Director




Mr. Timothy C. Barabe 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:52 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Timothy C. Barabe, Board Dir., Arqule Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Timothy Barabe 





 


Timothy Barabe

 

Board Dir. - Arqule Inc.

 


Timothy Barabe Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Arqule Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.arqule.com 

 

Company Address : 
19 Presidential Way, Woburn, MA,United States, 


 


Timothy Barabe Profile :
Board Dir. - Arqule Inc. 

 


Timothy Barabe Biography :


Timothy C. Barabe has been a Director since November 2001. Mr. Barabe is currently Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Human Genome Sciences. Previously, he was with Regent Medical Ltd., a U.K.-based privately owned surgical supply company, where he served as Chief Financial Officer from 2004-2006. Mr. Barabe served with Novartis AG from 1982-2004 in a succession of senior executive positions in finance, general management, and strategic planning, most recently as the Chief Financial Officer of Sandoz GmbH, the generic pharmaceutical subsidiary of Novartis. Mr. Barabe received his B.B.A. from the University of Massachusetts (Amherst) and his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. 

 


Timothy Barabe Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Werner Cautreels 
Member - Scientific Advisory Board 
Please login 


William Messenger 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Ronald Lindsay 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Anthony Messina 
VP - Human Development 
Please login 


Peter Lawrence 
Pres., COO 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.












Selecta Biosciences Appoints Timothy C. Barabe To Board Of Directors - Pg.2 - TheStreet





































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Selecta Biosciences Appoints Timothy C. Barabe To Board Of Directors






GlobeNewswire



Aug 1, 2016 7:00 AM EDT













 


















































  About SelectaSelecta Biosciences, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing targeted therapies that use immunomodulators encapsulated in nanoparticles to induce antigen-specific immune responses to prevent and treat disease. Selecta's proprietary Synthetic Vaccine Particle (SVP) technology is a highly flexible nanoparticle platform, capable of incorporating a wide range of antigens and immunomodulators, allowing the SVP products to either induce antigen-specific tolerance or activate the immune system.  Selecta's focus is on developing and commercializing differentiated therapies that are designed to modulate the immune system to effectively and safely treat rare diseases by mitigating the formation of anti-drug antibodies (ADAs) in response to life-sustaining biologic drugs. Tolerance-inducing SVP products also have potential applications in the treatment of allergies and autoimmune diseases. Selecta is also developing SVP products that activate the immune system to prevent and treat cancer, infections and other diseases. Selecta is based in Watertown, Massachusetts, USA.  Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements, including without limitation statements regarding the impact of Mr. Barabe's appointment on our business and the treatment potential of our product candidates. These forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: we have incurred significant losses and may never become profitable; our need for additional funding, which may not be available; our limited operating history; operating and financial restrictions from our credit facility and the charter of our Russian subsidiary; limitations on our ability to offset future tax income; the early stage of clinical development for our product candidates; the unproven approach of our SVP technology; our failure to capitalize on more profitable candidates or indications; the lengthy and expensive process of clinical drug development, which has an uncertain outcome; potential delays in enrollment of patients which could affect the receipt of necessary regulatory approvals; potential delays in regulatory approval, which would impact the ability to commercialize our product candidates and affect our ability to generate revenue; our potential inability to receive orphan drug designation; any fast track or Breakthrough Therapy designation may not lead to faster development, or regulatory or marketing approval; undesirable side effects of our product candidates, which could negatively impact regulatory approval or commercialization; our reliance on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, including 3SBio, our sole supplier of pegsiticase; our inability to maintain our existing or future collaborations or licenses; our reliance on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and the potential for those third parties to not perform satisfactorily; our lack of experience in manufacturing our product candidates on a commercial scale; the potential failure of our product candidates to achieve market acceptance; our lack of experience selling, marketing and distributing products and our lack of internal capability to do so; failure of our product candidates to offer material commercial advantages over other treatments; failure to compete successfully against other drug companies; unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party coverage, or reimbursement policies; product liability lawsuits; failure to obtain marketing approval internationally; compliance with healthcare laws and regulations; recently enacted or future legislation; post-marketing restrictions or withdrawal from the market; compliance with export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations; strict price controls imposed by foreign governments; compliance with environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations; negative public opinion or increased regulatory scrutiny of gene therapy and genetic research; our ability to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property and limitations of that protection; failure to identify or correctly interpret patents relevant to our business; our ability to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets and know-how; changes in United States patent law; intellectual property infringement lawsuits; our patents being found invalid or unenforceable; obtaining and maintaining patents; claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property; failure to comply with intellectual property licenses and funding arrangements; our inability to obtain or maintain necessary rights through acquisitions or in-licenses; claims that we or our employees misappropriated intellectual property or claiming ownership of our intellectual property; adequate protection of our trademarks and tradenames; ability to obtain FDA approval of product names; competition from biosimilars; ability to attract and retain key executives and qualified personnel; managing our growth could result in difficulties; risks associated with operating in Russia, including sanctions, and internationally; potential system failures; misconduct of our employees or contracted third parties; the effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; substantial fluctuation in the price of our common stock; our executive officers, directors, and principal stockholders have the ability to control or significantly influence matters submitted to stockholders; a drop in share price due to the significant portion of our total outstanding shares eligible to be sold into the market; being an "emerging growth company"; costs and resources of operating as a public company; unfavorable or no analyst research or reports; and securities class action litigation against us.   



 








 































































 











Trending


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















Timothy C Barabe, 64  - San Francisco, CA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 TB


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Timothy Barabe
 San Francisco, CA
 Age: 64 -
								03/15/1953













AKA:
                                                Barbara Timothy, Thimothy C Barabe, Timothy C Basabe, Timothy Barofe, Timothy Craig Barabe, Timothy N Barabe, Timothy C Baraby, Tim Barabe, Timothy C Barabe, Timothy C Barbara, 














Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
at
Affymetrix








Marital Status






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Timothy










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(770) 476-****









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











19*** **** 4


San Francisco, CA 94109







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



San Francisco
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



San Francisco
, CA.
         is related to
                Anne Barabe.
        















About & Contact Information


Timothy's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



San Francisco
, CA.


            Before that,  lived in
            



San Francisco
, CA.
         is related to
                Anne Barabe.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
19*** **** 4
San Francisco, CA
View Address


Past Address
18*** **** St




San Francisco
, CA
View Address


Past Address
25*** **** 408




Washington
, DC
View Address


Past Address
19*** **** St




San Francisco
, CA
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(770) 476-****
View Phone





    Timothy may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Timothy's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History








                                Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at
                                

                                 Affymetrix 





                                Advisory Board Member, Retirement Plan Services at
                                

                                 Charles schwab 





                        View Details
                     





School History




    Timothy may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Timothy may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Timothy may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Timothy may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Timothy's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Timothy may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Timothy may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Timothy's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Timothy Barabe's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Timothy










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Timothy may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Timothy. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Timothy may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Timothy may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Timothy may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Timothy may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 AB

Anne Barabe

                                            Guilford, CT



 TB

Timothy Barabe

                                            Atlanta, GA




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Timothy may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another Timothy Barabe






tb


Timothy Barabe, 45 
Gilbert, AZ



tb


Timothy Barabe, 64 
Atlanta, GA




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Timothy build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Timothy Barabe
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Timothy's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Timothy have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Timothy
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Timothy

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Timothy

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Timothy?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Timothy Barabe?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Timothy 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Timothy .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Timothy Barabe
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Timothy Barabe's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Timothy's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Timothy Barabe











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Timothy



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Timothy Barabe











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Sun Jul 23 01:52:24 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 
















Selecta Biosciences Appoints Timothy C. Barabe To Board Of Directors - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Selecta Biosciences Appoints Timothy C. Barabe To Board Of Directors






GlobeNewswire



Aug 1, 2016 7:00 AM EDT













 




























































 WATERTOWN, Mass., Aug. 01, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Selecta Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:SELB), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing targeted antigen-specific immune therapies for rare and serious diseases, today announced the election of Timothy C. Barabe to the company's Board of Directors. Most recently serving as chief financial officer and executive vice president at Affymetrix Inc., Mr. Barabe has extensive experience in the life sciences industry, having held a broad range of financial and strategic roles. "We are very pleased to welcome Tim to our Board. Tim is an industry veteran with decades of strong strategic and financial experience in the life sciences industry," said Werner Cautreels, PhD, Chairman, CEO and President of Selecta Biosciences. "Tim's exceptional grasp of the commercial and financial opportunities and challenges entailed in financing and growing Selecta will add significant strategic perspectives as we seek to advance candidates from Selecta's pipeline portfolio in development." "I am very excited to be joining Selecta's Board of Directors at this pivotal time as the company applies its novel technologies to generate a robust pipeline of candidates," said Mr. Barabe. "Selecta's novel immune therapies offer significant opportunities for the company to provide patients, providers and payors with meaningful new treatment options to address rare and serious diseases." Mr. Barabe has more than 30 years of experience in the life sciences industry. He served as the chief financial officer and executive vice president at Affymetrix Inc., where he led the company's financial functions as well as the treasury, investor relations, and information technology departments. Previously, he served as senior vice president and chief financial officer at Human Genome Sciences, where he was responsible for working with the leadership team to drive the financial strategy and operations of the company. For more than 20 years, he held senior international executive roles in finance, general management, and strategic planning at Novartis AG, one of the world's largest pharmaceutical companies. His roles included chief financial officer of the Sandoz Generics Business Unit, president of the CIBA Vision Corporation Specialty Lens Business Franchise, and group vice president and chief financial officer of CIBA Vision Corporation. Mr. Barabe has a B.B.A. in Finance from the University of Massachusetts (Amherst) and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago. He also serves as a director of several public company boards, including ArQule, Opexa Therapeutics and Vigilant Biosciences.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Trump Just Resurrected the Ugly Practice Known as Civil Forfeiture for No Reason


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







OPXAW Timothy C. Barabe Insider Trades for Opexa Therapeutics Inc. Wt


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Opexa Therapeutics Inc. Wt

                  NASDAQ: OPXAW
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Opexa Therapeutics Inc. Wt



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 6:11 p.m.


OPXAW

/quotes/zigman/50109420/composite


$
0.10




Change

+0.0095
+11.11%

Volume
Volume 11,396
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/50109420/composite
Previous close

$
			0.09
		


$
				0.09
			
Change

-0.0016
-1.84%





Day low
Day high
$0.08
$0.09










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0053
        

            $0.34
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Timothy C. Barabe



Mr. Timothy C. Barabe is Independent Director at Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. and Independent Director at ArQule, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Veeva Systems, Inc., Vigilant Biosciences, Inc., Opexa Therapeutics, Inc., ArQule, Inc. and Project Open Hand, Inc. 
Mr. Barabe was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President by Affymetrix, Inc., Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Human Genome Sciences, Inc., Managing Director-United Kingdom by Mölnlycke Health Care Group AB, Chief Financial Officer by Regent Medical Ltd., President-Specialty Lens Business Franchise by CIBA VISION Corp., Finance Director by Ciba-Geigy Corp., and Chief Financial Officer by Sandoz International GmbH. 
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Massachusetts and an MBA from The University of Chicago.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/18/2016
7,809


 
Disposition at $0.55 per share.


4,295


11/18/2016
7,105


 
Disposition at $0.55 per share.


3,908


09/30/2016
6,455


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/30/2016
6,455


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/16/2016
6,455


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/31/2015
1,354


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/30/2015
1,200


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/30/2015
8,427


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/08/2015
16,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/31/2015
6,818


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


09/17/2014
10,000


 
Acquisition at $1.15 per share.


11,500


03/19/2014
6,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Neil K. Warma 
President, Chief Executive Officer, CFO & Director




Dr. Hans-Peter  Hartung 
Independent Director




Mr. Timothy C. Barabe 
Independent Director




Ms. Gail J. Maderis 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael S. Richman 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:52 AM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































   Timothy Barabe | Affymetrix , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com