





























	Craig A. Barbarosh  | Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP














Home

Firm



Firm HistoryAwards + RankingsPro BonoKatten Cares
Diversity
Offices


AustinCharlotteChicagoHoustonIrvingLondonLos Angeles – Century CityLos Angeles – DowntownNew YorkOrange CountySan Francisco Bay AreaShanghaiWashington, DC








People



ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
(ALL)








FILTER BY SERVICE
Advertising, Marketing and Promotions
Affordable Housing and Community Development
Antitrust and Competition
Antitrust and Competition Litigation
Appellate and Supreme Court Litigation
Automotive
Aviation
Banking
Banking and Finance Litigation
Broker-Dealer Regulation
Captive Insurance
Chemicals
China
Class Action and Multidistrict Litigation
Clinical Integration and Managed Care
Commercial Finance
Construction
Consumer Finance Litigation
Copyrights and Copyright Litigation
Corporate
Corporate Governance
Design, Documentation and Funding Welfare Benefits
Distressed Debt and Claims Trading
Education 
Electronic Discovery and Information Governance
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Employee Benefits Litigation, Dispute Resolution and Regulatory Audits
Employee Benefits Plan Governance, Plan Investments and Plan Assets
Employment Law and Litigation
Energy
Energy Litigation
Entertainment and Media
Entertainment and Media Litigation
Entertainment and Media Transactions
Entrepreneurial Ventures
Environmental and Workplace Safety
Environmental and Workplace Safety Coalitions
Environmental Civil Litigation
Environmental Crimes and Internal Investigations
Environmental Regulatory and Permitting
ESOPs and ESPPs
Executive Compensation
Fashion
Fiduciary Litigation
Financial Institutions
Financial Services
Financial Services Litigation
Financial Services Regulatory and Compliance
Food Outbreak and Product Recall
Funds
Futures and Derivatives
Government and Public Finance
Health Care
Health Care Finance
Health Care Litigation
Health Care Regulatory and Compliance
Health Care Tax Exempt
Health Care Transactions
Health Information Privacy and Security
Hospitality
Hospital-Physician Relations and Medico-Legal
Infrastructure and P3
Insolvency and Restructuring
Insurance and Health Care Fraud Litigation
Insurance and Risk Management
Insurance Capital Markets
Insurance Products and Regulation
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Litigation
International
Investment Companies
Liquid Alternatives
Litigation
Major Accident and Incident Response
Medicare/Medicaid Reimbursement
Mergers and Acquisitions
Patent Litigation
Patents
Pharmaceutical and Life Sciences
Pharmaceutical and Life Sciences Litigation
Privacy, Data and Cybersecurity
Private Client Services
Private Equity
Private Equity and Real Estate Fund Formation
Private Funds and Investment Management
Product and Tort Liability Litigation
Proprietary Trading Firms
Public Funds
Quantitative and Algorithmic Trading
Real Estate
Real Estate Development
Real Estate Equity and Investments
Real Estate Finance and Lending
Real Estate Litigation
Securities
Securities Litigation and Enforcement
Sports and Sports Facilities
Structured Finance and Securitization
Structured Products
Tax Controversy and Litigation
Tax Planning
Technology
Trade Secret Protection and Litigation
Trademark Licensing and Strategy
Trademarks and Trademark Litigation
Trusts and Estates
UK Real Estate
White Collar, Investigations and Compliance
Workplace Safety and OSHA




FILTER BY OFFICE
Austin
Charlotte
Chicago
Houston
Irving
London
Los Angeles - All Offices
Los Angeles – Century City
Los Angeles – Downtown
New York
Orange County
San Francisco Bay Area
Shanghai
Washington, DC












Services
News + Publications



Firm News
Publications
Media Center



News | June 7, 2017
Steven Solow Comments on Justice Memo's Impact on Environmental Projects






Events



Events
CLE Events
Webinars



Events | March 26–30, 2017
2017 Spring Meeting and 13th Global Congress on Process Safety






Careers


























Craig A. Barbarosh 
Partner
craig.barbarosh@kattenlaw.com


Orange County Office
p+1.714.966.6822
f+1.714.464.4453



New York Office
p+1.212.940.8665
f+1.212.940.8776

















OVERVIEW
| EXPERIENCE
| NEWS
| PUBLICATIONS
| PRESENTATIONS




Overview
Craig A. Barbarosh handles major insolvency engagements throughout the country. Chambers USA notes that he is "masterful in helping [clients] navigate the waters" of bankruptcy and "is an incredibly measured and practical negotiator." Additionally, Chambers USA says clients who are "impressed with his energy and intelligence" describe him as "a truly amazing and effective attorney" and "a talented, creative lawyer who is attentive to the needs of his clients" with an "impressive ability to manage large complex matters." Clients also note that Craig "is strategic, understands his client's definition of success and focuses like a laser on achieving that success" (U.S. News – Best Lawyers® "Best Law Firms"). 
Craig practices in the areas of financial restructuring, bankruptcy, insolvency and related corporate law. He serves on the firm's Executive Committee and the firm's Board of Directors. He manages his nationwide practice from Katten's Orange County, California, and New York offices.
Craig's clients include institutional lenders, investment and private equity funds, indenture trustees and bondholders, official and unofficial creditors' and equity committees, distressed debt investors, trade creditors, real property and equipment lessors involving commercial, real estate and intellectual property collateral and debtors in and out of insolvency proceedings. He represents clients in financial and operational restructurings throughout the United States in a variety of industries, including manufacturing, real estate, retail, oil and gas, gaming and hospitality, aviation, life sciences, food and beverage, chemical, and mortgage lending. In addition, he has extensive experience representing corporate entities in business acquisitions in bankruptcy and receivership proceedings nationwide.
Craig is a frequent speaker at seminars discussing insolvency and corporate governance issues and is the author of numerous published articles addressing current business and legal topics. Prior to joining Katten, he was a partner at Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, where he held a number of leadership positions. He also served as an extern law clerk to the Honorable James N. Barr, US Bankruptcy Court, Central District of California.
Craig currently serves as an independent director on the board of Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: QSII), where he is the vice-chairman of the board, chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee, a member of the Transaction and Compensation Committees and a member of the board of the company's wholly owned India subsidiary. He also serves as an independent director on the board of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (NASDAQ: SBRA), where he is the chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee.














Shown below is a selection of  Craig’s engagements.
Experience

Lead counsel to indenture trustee for $6.4 billion first lien notes issued by Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, owner and operator of Caesars Palace Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas and 38 owned or managed gaming and resort properties located in 14 states and five countries, operating primarily under the Caesars, Harrah's and Horseshoe brand names. The Chapter 11 case is pending in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Illinois (Chicago).
Lead counsel to collateral and indenture trustee for $725 million first lien senior secured notes issued by Cengage Learning Acquisition Corporation in the $7 billion debt restructuring of this textbook publisher. Chapter 11 case filed in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of New York.
Lead counsel to indenture trustee for $200 million notes issued by Nortel Networks Limited (Canada) in connection with the $7 billion Nortel sale proceeds allocation dispute litigation in the joint proceedings in the US Bankruptcy Court  for the District of Delaware and the Ontario, Canada, Superior Court of Justice. 
Lead counsel to administrative and collateral agent for the $275 million second  lien credit facility issued by Revel AC, Inc. and secured by the Revel Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City in connection with the Chapter 11 case in the US District Court for the District of New Jersey.
Lead counsel to indenture trustee for $250 million secured bonds in connection with the Chapter 11 bankruptcy of Green Field Energy Services in Wilmington, Delaware.
Representation of the collateral and indenture trustee in the restructure of $143 million mortgage notes issued by Circus Circus and Eldorado Joint Venture and secured by Silver Legacy Resort Casino in Reno, Nevada. Silver Legacy is an 87,300-square-foot casino with a 37-story hotel tower with 1,711 guest rooms. The Chapter 11 case was filed in Reno, Nevada.
Lead counsel to institutional lender as administrative agent on behalf of multiple lenders in connection with the restructure of a defaulted $160 million credit facility owned by a Las Vegas-based operator of four casinos (one with adjacent hotel), 40 gaming "taverns" and 154-location slot-route operation.
Lead counsel to institutional lender as successor administrative agent in the restructure of defaulted $550 million senior notes issued by Green Valley Ranch Gaming, LLC in its Chapter 11 case in Reno, Nevada.
Lead counsel to institutional lender as administrative agent in the restructure of a defaulted $100 million loan to a Las Vegas-based nonprofit specialty oncology hospital.
Lead counsel to Official Committee of Equity Security Holders in Chapter 11 case of In re Solutia, Inc. (NYSE: SOA) in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. Solutia is a multinational manufacturer of high-performance chemical-based materials for industrial and consumer use with more than $2 billion in reported consolidated liabilities as of the petition date.
Lead counsel to a Chinese investment group in the $360 million acquisition of a 5,000-unit multifamily real estate project located in Texas and Maryland through the restructure of multi-tranche CMBS debt in Chapter 11 case of prior owner. Transaction was accomplished by discounted purchases of existing debt from certain pre-petition creditors with conversion of debt to equity in the bankruptcy proceeding with the client ultimately assuming the remaining CMBS debt at favorable restructured terms.
Lead counsel to institutional lender as administrative agent for second lien lenders in the restructure of $266 million credit in the Penton Media Business Holdings (Penton Media) pre-packaged Chapter 11 case in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. Penton Media publishes 113 business magazines, hosts trade shows, conferences and road shows, and provides various electronic media offerings and other Web-based media products. Plan was confirmed in less than one month after petition date.
Lead counsel to the Official Committee of Equity Security Holders in the Chapter 11 case of Tronox, Inc. in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. Tronox is an international manufacturer of pigments used in paint and other materials. Tronox filed for bankruptcy protection to address legacy liabilities including environmental remediation and litigation costs it incurred when it was spun off from former parent Kerr McGee, Inc. Total funded debt exceeded $850 million.
Lead counsel to Official Bondholders' Committee for $115 million senior subordinated notes in Chapter 11 case of In re TransTexas Gas Corporation (NYSE: TTG) and affiliated debtors in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas in Corpus Christi, Texas, involving the restructure of more than $2 billion in debt.
Representation of indenture trustee/agent for $220 million secured notes issued by Trans World Airlines, Inc. in the third Chapter 11 filing of this international airline.
Insolvency counsel to primary warehouse lender in Chapter 11 case of In re First Alliance, a subprime mortgage lender with $10 billion in alleged claims against the bankruptcy estate. 
Lead counsel to the indenture trustee for $140 million senior notes issued by Sunterra Corporation in its Chapter 11 case filed in Baltimore, which involved the restructure of $770 million in total debt. Sunterra is one of the largest owners and operators of timeshare units in the world.
Lead counsel to the indenture trustee for $151,300 convertible subordinated debentures issued by Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc. in its Chapter 11 case. At the time of its bankruptcy filing, Fleetwood was one of the nation's leading producers of manufactured housing and recreational vehicles.
Representation of senior secured creditor in Chapter 11 case of In re Boyd’s Wheels, Inc. (NASDAQ: BYDS), the largest manufacturer in California of specialty automotive wheels and rims.
Lead counsel to senior lender in In re Peregrine Systems, Inc., the San Diego-based enterprise software developer, in its Chapter 11 case filed in the US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
Representation of the indenture trustee for $500 million senior notes issued by Armstrong World Industries, Inc., an international flooring manufacturer, in a Chapter 11 case with substantial asbestos-related claims.
Lead counsel to the indenture trustee for $50 million notes secured by a portfolio of subprime retail automobile installment contracts in the insolvency proceeding of First Lenders Indemnity Corporation, Inc. 
Representation of debt trustee for various aircraft collateral in Delta Airlines, Inc. Chapter 11 case.
Representation of $320 million preference defendant in In re Refco, Inc. Chapter 11 case in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. 
Representation of $265 million trade creditor/equity holder in In re Collins & Aikman, Inc. Chapter 11 case in Chicago. 
Representation of participant lender in out-of-court restructure of $3.4 billion revolving credit facility due from Qwest Corporation. 
Representation of the indenture trustee for senior subordinated notes in In re Westbridge Capital Corporation, an insurance holding company, restructuring $100 million of public debt resulting in payment in full to the holders of the senior notes, including post-petition interest, on the effective date of the plan.
Lead counsel to trustee/agent for $150 million senior notes issued by Indesco International, Inc., a manufacturer of liquid dispensing devices including trigger sprayers and lotion pumps, in its Chapter 11 case in the US Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York.




Recognition


Best Lawyers in America, 2012–2017


Super Lawyers, 2004–2016


Turnaround Atlas, Gaming & Hospitality Turnaround of the Year (2012)Basic Resources Industry (2011) Distressed Real Estate Deal of the Year (2010)


OC Metro
OC Metro, 2007


BTI Client Service All-Star
BTI Client Service All-Star, 2012


Transactional Attorney of the Year, California Lawyer Attorneys of the Year (CLAY) Award
Transactional Attorney of the Year, California Lawyer Attorneys of the Year (CLAY) Award, 2001


American Jewish Committee, Learned Hand Community Service Award
American Jewish Committee, Learned Hand Community Service Award, 2007


Legal 500, 2016, 2017


Chambers USA - Ranked In, 2010–2017







                                Advisories
                            


                                January 23, 2017
                            
Second Circuit Adopts Narrow Interpretation of Trust Indenture Act Provision Intended to Protect Bondholders



                                January 19, 2017
                            
Language Matters: Third Circuit Finds Make-Whole Provision Enforceable After Bankruptcy Filing



                                March 16, 2016
                            
Sabine Court Issues Industry-Affecting Non-Binding Opinion



                                May 5, 2014
                            
District Court Denies Distressed Funds the Right to Vote on Bankruptcy Plan



                                July 23, 2013
                            
Municipal Bankruptcies: An Overview and Recent History of Chapter 9 of the Bankruptcy Code



                                June 5, 2013
                            
Ninth Circuit Holds That Debt Can Be Recharacterized as Equity



                                February 20, 2013
                            
Promises to Keep—Lender Beware: California Supreme Court Expands Parol Evidence Fraud Exception



                                December 13, 2012
                            
Ninth Circuit Prohibits Bankruptcy Courts from Entering Judgments on Fraudulent Conveyance Claims Against Non-Claimants



                                September 18, 2012
                            
California's AB 506 Process: What Creditors Can Expect in the Wake of California Municipal Bankruptcies



                                July 17, 2012
                            
Trademark Licensee’s Rights Survive Rejection of License in Bankruptcy in Sunbeam Decision




                                Articles
                            


                                April 2017
                            
Co-author, Parties' Intent: Third Circuit Finds Make-Whole Provision Survives Voluntary Bankruptcy Filing



                                June 2016
                            
Co-author, No Longer Running With the Land: Sabine Court's Non-Binding Opinion May Alter Playing Field, The Banking Law Journal



                                September 13, 2012
                            
Co-author, When the Board Faces Bankruptcy, The Corporate Board






                                Firm News
                            


                                May 31, 2017
                            
Katten Distinguished by The Legal 500 United States 2017



                                May 30, 2017
                            
Katten Recognized as Leading Law Firm by Chambers USA 2017



                                May 4, 2017
                            
Craig A. Barbarosh Quoted by Associated Press on Puerto Rico Debt Restructuring



                                May 4, 2017
                            
Craig A. Barbarosh Comments to The Wall Street Journal on Bond Market Reaction to Puerto Rico Debt Restructuring



                                August 15, 2016
                            
79 Katten Attorneys Selected for Best Lawyers in America® 2017



                                June 17, 2016
                            
Eighteen Katten Practices and 70 Attorneys Recognized by The Legal 500 United States 2016



                                May 27, 2016
                            
Chambers USA 2016 Distinguishes 22 Katten Practices and 50 Attorneys



                                May 5, 2016
                            
Craig Barbarosh Comments on Atlantic City Bankruptcy Developments in The Wall Street Journal



                                February 24, 2016
                            
Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Debtwire on New Jersey's Proposed Takeover of Atlantic City



                                January 20, 2016
                            
Nineteen Katten Attorneys Recognized in 2016 Southern California Super Lawyers List



                                August 17, 2015
                            
91 Katten Attorneys Recognized in Best Lawyers in America® 2016



                                May 21, 2015
                            
Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Article on San Bernardino Bankruptcy Restructuring Plan



                                May 20, 2015
                            
Katten Attains 22 Practice and 58 Attorney Rankings by Chambers USA 2015



                                January 21, 2015
                            
Twenty-One Katten Attorneys Recognized as Top Attorneys in Southern California 



                                October 2, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in The Los Angeles Times, GOVERNING Magazine and Law360 on the City of Stockton's Bankruptcy



                                September 11, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Law360 Regarding the Effectiveness of Chapter 9 of the US Bankruptcy Code



                                September 2, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in The New York Times on Detroit's Financial Crisis



                                August 18, 2014
                            
85 Katten Attorneys Named to Best Lawyers in America® 2015



                                July 10, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Comments on Detroit Pension Referendum in The New York Times



                                June 16, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Detroit Free Press Regarding Joint Art Evaluation by Detroit and DIA 



                                May 29, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Comments on Evaluation of Detroit Institute of Arts' Collection in Detroit Free Press



                                May 23, 2014
                            
Chambers USA 2014 Distinguishes 24 Katten Practices and 54 Attorneys



                                May 14, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in The New York Times on Proposed Cuts to Detroit Pension Checks



                                April 17, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Comments on Detroit's Revised Pension Plan in The New York Times



                                April 8, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Law360 Regarding Possible Debt Restructuring by Puerto Rico



                                April 3, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Comments on Detroit's Proposed Cuts to Retiree Benefits in Law360



                                February 10, 2014
                            
Twenty-One Katten Attorneys Recognized on Southern California Super Lawyers List 



                                January 21, 2014
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Featured in Orange County Business Journal Q&A



                                November 22, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Detroit Free Press on Evaluation of DIA Artwork



                                August 15, 2013
                            
83 Katten Attorneys Lauded in Best Lawyers in America® 2014 



                                August 7, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Comments on Potential Detroit Art Auction in Detroit Free Press



                                July 29, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Daily Journal on Uptick in Tribal Gaming Enterprises Experiencing Defaults



                                July 24, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Discusses Detroit Bankruptcy Filing with Bloomberg, The Detroit Free Press and The Wall Street Journal 



                                June 18, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Detroit Free Press on Future of Detroit Finances



                                May 28, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Quoted in Daily Journal on Dairy Bankruptcies



                                May 28, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Discusses Caesars Entertainment in Dow Jones Daily Bankruptcy Review



                                May 24, 2013
                            
Chambers USA 2013 Recognizes 24 Katten Practices and 49 Attorneys



                                April 22, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Interviewed for Law360 Q&A



                                January 28, 2013
                            
Partner Craig Barbarosh Featured in Orange County Business Journal Q&A



                                January 21, 2013
                            
Twenty-Two Katten Attorneys Included on 2013 Southern California Super Lawyers List



                                August 24, 2012
                            
80 Katten Attorneys Named to Best Lawyers in America® 2013 Guide



                                July 2, 2012
                            
Katten Team Wins Turnaround Atlas Award for Golden Gaming Restructuring



                                June 11, 2012
                            
Katten Adds Premier Team of Restructuring, Finance Attorneys






                                Presentations
                            


                                September 2014
                            
NYSE Governance Series Audit Committee Boot Camp, Audit Committee Relations With Internal and External Audit |  Chicago, Illinois



                                September 4–6, 2014
                            
Moderator | New Developments in 363 Sales   |  22nd Annual Southwest Bankruptcy Conference |  Las Vegas, Nevada



                                June 3, 2014
                            
Panelist       |  KPMG's Spring 2014 Audit Committee Roundtable Series – Rethinking Shareholder Engagement in the Age of Activism |  Costa Mesa, California



                                December 5–7, 2013
                            
Presenter | What’s New in § 363 Asset Sales |  ABI's 25th Annual Winter Leadership Conference |  Rancho Palos Verdes, California











Practices
FOCUS: Insolvency and Restructuring


Corporate Governance
Distressed Debt and Claims Trading
Financial Services
Private Equity
Banking and Finance Litigation
Litigation
Real Estate Finance and Lending
Real Estate
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities









Education



                                    JD, 
                                    
                                    University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law
                                    with distinction, Order of the Coif
                                

                                    BA, 
                                    Economics, 
                                    University of California, Santa Barbara
                                    
                                




Bar Admissions


District of Columbia  
New York  
California  


Court Admissions


US Court of Appeals, Ninth Circuit 
US District Court, Central District of California 
US District Court, Southern District of New York 








Industries


Financial Institutions








Recognition




2012–2017



2004–2016



Gaming & Hospitality Turnaround of the Year (2012)Basic Resources Industry (2011) Distressed Real Estate Deal of the Year (2010)


OC Metro
2007


BTI Client Service All-Star
2012


Transactional Attorney of the Year, California Lawyer Attorneys of the Year (CLAY) Award
2001


American Jewish Committee, Learned Hand Community Service Award
2007



2016, 2017



2010–2017





Previous
Next








Memberships


American Bankruptcy Institute 
Orange County CEO Roundtable 
University of California at Irvine, Paul Merage School of Business, Dean's Advisory Board 










   
                Careers  |  
                Alumni  |  
             
Mobile Site 
   Offices  |  Media Center  |  People  |  Email
   Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  United Kingdom Notices  |  Attorney Advertising  
            





















 


Craig Barbarosh | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Craig BarbaroshPartner, Katten Muchin Rosenman LLPLocationOrange County, California AreaIndustryLegal ServicesCurrentQuality Systems, Inc, Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., Katten Muchin Rosenman LLPPreviousBioPharmX, Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLPEducationUniversity of the Pacific - McGeorge School of Law500+ connectionsView Craig’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Craig’s Full ProfileCraig’s Activity#FlashbackFriday to the Potter's Lane ribbon cutting where...Craig likedCraig A. Barbarosh Comments to The Wall Street Journal on...Craig shared#FlashbackFriday to our veterans hanging out with KTLA 5's...Craig likedCraig A. Barbarosh Quoted by Associated Press on Puerto...Craig sharedParties' Intent: Third Circuit Finds Make-Whole Provision...Craig sharedLanguage Matters: Third Circuit Finds Make-Whole Provision...Craig sharedSee all activitySummaryCraig Barbarosh is an experienced public company board member and law firm/business leader with 25 years of professional experience and a track record of transformational strategic leadership.Craig presently serves as an independent director on the boards of Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: QSII), where he is the Vice Chairman of the Board, Chair of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Nominating and Governance and Special Transactions Committees and was previously a director of QSII's wholly-owned India subsidiary, and Sabra Healthcare REIT, Inc. (NASDAQ: SBRA), where he is the Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee.  Craig previously served on the board of directors of BiopharmX, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company based in Menlo Park, CA.  Craig has extensive experience in debt and equity offerings, M&A, governance and compliance,  turnarounds and restructurings, CEO and founder transitions, senior leadership recruitment, activist shareholder relationships (including two contested proxy contests), executive compensation, dispute resolution and leadership coaching and development. Craig is a “financial expert” as defined by the SEC and completed Harvard Business School executive education programs on Corporate Boards and Governance (2015), Strategic Business Valuation (2010) and Private Equity and Venture Capital (2007).  Craig has particular industry experience in healthcare (including healthcare IT), real estate and professional services.Craig is a frequent speaker at seminars and conferences discussing corporate governance and restructuring-related issues and is the author of several published articles addressing current business, governance and legal topics. ExperienceVice Chairman, Board of DirectorsQuality Systems, IncNovember 2009  –  Present (7 years 9 months)Leading healthcare IT and revenue cycle management company. Vice Chairman, Board of Directors; Chair, Compensation Committee; Member of Nominating and Governance and Special Transactions CommitteesBoard of DirectorsSabra Health Care REIT, Inc.December 2010  –  Present (6 years 8 months)Leading healthcare REIT with over 200 skilled-nursing, assisted-living, senior housing and hospital facilities and related debt investments with properties in more than 36 states and Canada representing over 18,000 beds/units.  Chair, Audit Committee; Member of Compensation CommitteePartnerKatten Muchin Rosenman LLPJune 2012  –  Present (5 years 2 months)Orange County, California AreaMember of Board of Directors (6/2012 to present) and Executive Committee (6/2012-6/2016).  Practice focused on financial restructuring, Chapter 11 and related litigation.  Primary clients include major financial institutions, investment funds and buyers of distressed businesses.Board Of DirectorsBioPharmXJanuary 2016  –  October 2016 (10 months)Specialty pharmaceutical company focusing on the development of novel drug delivery products for dermatology and women's health.  Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee; Member of Audit and Compensation CommitteesPartnerPillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLPMay 1992  –  June 2012 (20 years 2 months)SkillsBankruptcyRestructuringMergersCommercial LitigationCreditors' RightsLitigationPrivate EquityMergers & AcquisitionsClass ActionsCorporate LawCorporate GovernanceSecurities RegulationChapter 11FinanceIntellectual PropertyReal EstateDue DiligenceHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversity of the Pacific - McGeorge School of LawJD, LawJD, Law1989  –  1992University of California, Santa BarbaraBA, EconomicsBA, Economics1985  –  1989Harvard Business SchoolExecutive EducationExecutive EducationCertificates in Effective Corporate Boards (2015),Strategic Business Valuation (2010) and Private Equity/Venture Capital (2007)PublicationsNO LONGER RUNNING WITH THE LAND: SABINE COURT’S NON-BINDING OPINION MAY ALTER PLAYING FIELDThe Banking Law JournalJune 2016Authors: Craig BarbaroshVolunteer Experience & CausesBoard of DirectorsAmerican Family Housing, Inc.June 2015  –  Present (2 years 2 months)Social ServicesAffordable rental housing is an acute need in southern California. American Family Housing (AFH) addresses this issue by developing and operating affordable rental housing serving the full range of median income levels. By providing affordable apartments and shared living opportunities in multi-family, single family and condominium units, AFH ensures individuals and families have housing options that allow them to successfully be a part of the local community. AFH owns over 50 affordable rental housing properties in three southern California counties-Orange, Los Angeles, and San Bernardino. AFH properties offer more than 250 units of housing that ensure the provision of safe, affordable homes for adults and families. Of these units, 75% are family units and 10% are set-aside for veterans. More than 25% of the units offer intensive support services to vulnerable populations.GroupsTurnaround, Restructuring & Distressed Debt (OPEN TO ALL)Private Equity, M&A, and Venture Capital InvestmentsBuyers and Sellers Commercial Property Loans including B Notes, Mezzanine, CMBS, CDO, ABS, CRE CDOsWorkout/RestructuringCalifornia Law PartnersView Craig’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Craig directlyView Craig’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country






















	BioPharmX Appoints Craig A Barbarosh To Its Board Of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






BioPharmX  Appoints Craig A. Barbarosh To Its Board Of Directors  











Tweet








1/27/2016 7:26:15 AM




  Life Sciences Jobs
 


  &bullet; Newest Jobs - Last 24 Hours


  &bullet; California Jobs


  &bullet; Massachusetts Jobs


  &bullet; New Jersey Jobs


  &bullet; Maryland Jobs


  &bullet; Washington Jobs


  View More Jobs


MENLO PARK, Calif., Jan. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- BioPharmX Corporation (NYSE MKT: BPMX), a specialty pharmaceutical company focusing on dermatology and women's health, today announced that Craig A. Barbarosh has joined the company's board of directors. He will serve as an independent board member on the audit and compensation committees and will chair the nominating and corporate governance committee.Barbarosh is a member of the board of directors of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., which operates 170 healthcare facilities across the United States and Canada, where he serves as chairman of the audit committee and is a member of its compensation committee. Barbarosh is also an independent director and vice chairman of the board at Quality Systems, Inc., a leading healthcare information technology company, where he serves as the chairman of the nominating and governance committee and a member of the compensation and transaction committees of the board, as well as a director of the company's wholly-owned India subsidiary.Barbarosh is also a partner at a major international law firm, and is a recognized expert in corporate governance and organization.  Barbarosh has participated in more than 150 financial and operational restructurings throughout the United States and has counseled clients on varied complex business transactions.Chambers USA, which has been ranking the best lawyers since 1990, called Barbarosh an "incredibly measured and practical negotiator" who has an "impressive ability to manage large, complex matters.""Craig's deep experience in matters of corporate governance and organization will serve BioPharmX well as we continue to grow our pipeline and expand our organization," said Jim Pekarsky, chief executive officer and co-founder of BioPharmX Corporation. "His legal insight will be particularly useful when we begin to actively pursue licensing opportunities as the products in our pipeline pass regulatory milestones.""I am particularly excited to join the board of BioPharmX because it is on the cutting-edge of developing groundbreaking products to address unmet medical needs in dermatology and women's health," Barbarosh said. "I am very impressed with the company's product pipeline and management team and I am looking forward to helping BioPharmX advance its strategic growth and expand its business."Barbarosh received his law degree from University of the Pacific McGeorge School of Law, where he graduated with honors, and a bachelor's degree in Business Economics from University of California, Santa Barbara.About BioPharmX® CorporationBioPharmX Corporation (NYSE MKT: BPMX) is a Silicon Valley-based specialty pharmaceutical company, which seeks to provide products through proprietary platform technologies for prescription, over-the-counter (OTC), and supplement applications in the health and wellness markets, including dermatology and women's health. To learn more about BioPharmX, visit www.BioPharmX.com.Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this news release relating to the business of BioPharmX, which are not historical facts, are "forward-looking statements."  These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," or similar expressions that are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.  All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the risks and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of management and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including the risk that the company's efforts to grow its pipeline, develop its products and expand its business are unsuccessful. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made only as of the date hereof and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law.BioPharmX and Violet are registered trademarks of BioPharmX, Inc. All other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150711/235327LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/biopharmx-corporation-appoints-craig-a-barbarosh-to-its-board-of-directors-300210196.htmlSOURCE  BioPharmX Corporation








                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Study Shows Topical BioPharmX  Formulation Treats Acne While Minimizing Systemic Exposure Of Minocycline  Democratic Presidential Contender Bernie Sanders Delays Califf's FDA Nomination   Study Shows Safety Of BioPharmX  Topical Formulation  Ex-Ambit Biosciences CEO Takes Helm at HemaFLO Therapeutics BioPharmX  Closes Direct Investment  Kyowa Hakko's Leo R. Cullen Promoted To President And CEO  BioPharmX  Reports Third Quarter Financial Results  Antares Pharma (ATRS) Appoints a New CEO  BioPharmX  To Report Third Quarter Financial Results On December 14, 2015  MannKind (MNKD) Retracts Job Offer After Former Employer Insulet (PODD) Objects, Names Another New CEO  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            BioPharmX 




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 
































Craig A Barbarosh - Irvine, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Craig A Barbarosh in Irvine, CA


Craig A Barbarosh

                                                                           Intelius found that Craig A Barbarosh  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Irvine, CA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Craig A Barbarosh is in his 40s

Craig Has Lived In

Irvine, CA
Tustin, CA
Goleta, CA

Craig's Relatives

Esther Barbarosh
Alison Kadn
Laurie Barbarosh
Jessica Barbarash







Craig A Barbarosh



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Managing Partner Orange County at PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Craig? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Craig, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Craig A Barbarosh
Get a Criminal Check on Craig A Barbarosh
Get a Public Record Report on Craig A Barbarosh
Get a People Search Report on Craig A Barbarosh


Craig A Barbarosh's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Craig A Barbarosh has lived as well as Craig A Barbarosh's phone numbers and email addresses.




Craig A Barbarosh Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Craig A Barbarosh


29 V***** S** 

Irvine, CA


Has Lived In

Irvine, CA
Tustin, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Craig A Barbarosh

(310) ***-**** - Costa Mesa, CA 
(714) ***-**** - Irvine, CA 
(714) ***-**** - Costa Mesa, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Craig A Barbarosh

c*************h@***.com
c********h@***.com
c********h@***.com


Get Email Report




Craig A Barbarosh's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Craig A Barbarosh's academic history.  Find out which schools Craig A Barbarosh attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Craig A Barbarosh received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Craig A Barbarosh Has Attended 8 Schools
Harvard Business School 
Harvard Business School                                             
University of The Pacific - McGeorge School of Law               1989 – 1992               Craig A Barbarosh has a Jd, in Law               
University of The Pacific - McGeorge School of Law               1989 – 1992               Craig A Barbarosh has a Jd in Law               
University of The Pacific - McGeorge School of Law               1989 – 1992               Craig A Barbarosh has a Jd, Law in Law               
University of California, Santa Barbara               1985 – 1989               Craig A Barbarosh has a Ba, in Economics               
University of California, Santa Barbara               1985 – 1989               Craig A Barbarosh has a BA in Economics               
University of California, Santa Barbara               1985 – 1989               Craig A Barbarosh has a Ba, Economics in Economics               


Craig A Barbarosh's Professional Information
Information regarding Craig A Barbarosh's professional history.  Find out previous places Craig A Barbarosh has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Craig A Barbarosh Has Worked at 7 Places
Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
               Title: Managing Partner Orange County
Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
               Title: Managing Partner
Craig A Barbarosh's Experience
Title: Managing Partner Orange County
               Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100
Title: Managing Partner
               Company: PILLSBURY Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
Job Details
               Company Size: $100 mil to less than $250 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000. Company Size: $250 mil to less than $500 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000.
Additional Professional Information on Craig A Barbarosh

 See Craig A Barbarosh's LinkedIn Profile



Craig A Barbarosh's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Craig A Barbarosh


Craig A Barbarosh's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Craig A Barbarosh's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Craig Barbarosh
Username Matches

                  CraigBarbarosh
                  BarbaroshCraig
                  Craig.Barbarosh
                  Barbarosh.Craig
                  Craig_Barbarosh
                  Barbarosh_Craig
                  Craig-Barbarosh
                  Barbarosh-Craig
                  CBarbarosh
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Barbarosh







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Barbarosh Craig in Costa Mesa, California with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeCosta Mesa, CABarbarosh CraigCosta Mesa, CA Barbarosh CraigAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Law Office of Barbara Craig445 W 7th St Ste FSan Pedro, CA 90731(310) 935-3171AttorneysWebsiteFrom Business: An attorney in private practice for more than a decade, my focus is on developing creative legal solutions that provide the best possible outcomes for my clients.Sponsored LinksShowing1-1
of 1resultsMap ViewSponsoredDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback





















 



 BioPharmX Corporation Appoints Craig A. Barbarosh to its Board of Directors 
         










    










 













 











 



















BioPharmX Corporation Appoints Craig A. Barbarosh to its Board of Directors
        																																																		
              

          Veteran of corporate and civic boards adds more than 20 years of corporate experience to BioPharmX Board
        
















 News provided by
BioPharmX Corporation  
Jan 27, 2016, 09:00 ET









 Share this article



























































MENLO PARK, Calif., Jan. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- BioPharmX Corporation (NYSE MKT: BPMX), a specialty pharmaceutical company focusing on dermatology and women's health, today announced that Craig A. Barbarosh has joined the company's board of directors. He will serve as an independent board member on the audit and compensation committees and will chair the nominating and corporate governance committee.


Barbarosh is a member of the board of directors of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., which operates 170 healthcare facilities across the United States and Canada, where he serves as chairman of the audit committee and is a member of its compensation committee. Barbarosh is also an independent director and vice chairman of the board at Quality Systems, Inc., a leading healthcare information technology company, where he serves as the chairman of the nominating and governance committee and a member of the compensation and transaction committees of the board, as well as a director of the company's wholly-owned India subsidiary.
Barbarosh is also a partner at a major international law firm, and is a recognized expert in corporate governance and organization.  Barbarosh has participated in more than 150 financial and operational restructurings throughout the United States and has counseled clients on varied complex business transactions.
Chambers USA, which has been ranking the best lawyers since 1990, called Barbarosh an "incredibly measured and practical negotiator" who has an "impressive ability to manage large, complex matters."
"Craig's deep experience in matters of corporate governance and organization will serve BioPharmX well as we continue to grow our pipeline and expand our organization," said Jim Pekarsky, chief executive officer and co-founder of BioPharmX Corporation. "His legal insight will be particularly useful when we begin to actively pursue licensing opportunities as the products in our pipeline pass regulatory milestones."
"I am particularly excited to join the board of BioPharmX because it is on the cutting-edge of developing groundbreaking products to address unmet medical needs in dermatology and women's health," Barbarosh said. "I am very impressed with the company's product pipeline and management team and I am looking forward to helping BioPharmX advance its strategic growth and expand its business."
Barbarosh received his law degree from University of the Pacific McGeorge School of Law, where he graduated with honors, and a bachelor's degree in Business Economics from University of California, Santa Barbara.
About BioPharmX® Corporation
BioPharmX Corporation (NYSE MKT: BPMX) is a Silicon Valley-based specialty pharmaceutical company, which seeks to provide products through proprietary platform technologies for prescription, over-the-counter (OTC), and supplement applications in the health and wellness markets, including dermatology and women's health. To learn more about BioPharmX, visit www.BioPharmX.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this news release relating to the business of BioPharmX, which are not historical facts, are "forward-looking statements."  These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," or similar expressions that are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.  All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the risks and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of management and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including the risk that the company's efforts to grow its pipeline, develop its products and expand its business are unsuccessful. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made only as of the date hereof and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law.
BioPharmX and Violet are registered trademarks of BioPharmX, Inc. All other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150711/235327LOGO 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/biopharmx-corporation-appoints-craig-a-barbarosh-to-its-board-of-directors-300210196.html
SOURCE  BioPharmX Corporation  Related Links

http://www.biopharmx.com




 





















Feb 01, 2016, 09:00 ET
Preview: BioPharmX Appoints Marie-Louise Bots as Senior VP of Corporate Development




















Jan 15, 2016, 09:00 ET
Preview: Study Shows Topical BioPharmX Formulation Treats Acne While Minimizing Systemic Exposure of Minocycline








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 13, 2017, 09:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              BioPharmX To Present Phase 2b Clinical Trial Data at National DEF...








 











Jun 22, 2017, 09:15 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              BioPharmX to Present Phase 2b Clinical Trial Acne Data at Alabama...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
  Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
BioPharmX Corporation Appoints Craig A. Barbarosh to its Board of Directors


 News provided by
BioPharmX Corporation  
Jan 27, 2016, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 






















BioPharmX Corporation Appoints Craig A. Barbarosh to its Board of Directors

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In











BioPharmX Corporation Appoints Craig A. Barbarosh to its Board of Directors
Veteran of corporate and civic boards adds more than 20 years of corporate experience to BioPharmX Board

January 27, 2016 09:00

MENLO PARK, Calif., Jan. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- BioPharmX Corporation (NYSE MKT: BPMX), a specialty pharmaceutical company focusing on dermatology and women's health, today announced that Craig A. Barbarosh has joined the company's board of directors. He will serve as an independent board member on the audit and compensation committees and will chair the nominating and corporate governance committee.Barbarosh is a member of the board of directors of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., which operates 170 healthcare facilities across the United States and Canada, where he serves as chairman of the audit committee and is a member of its compensation committee. Barbarosh is also an independent director and vice chairman of the board at Quality Systems, Inc., a leading healthcare information technology company, where he serves as the chairman of the nominating and governance committee and a member of the compensation and transaction committees of the board, as well as a director of the company's wholly-owned India subsidiary.Barbarosh is also a partner at a major international law firm, and is a recognized expert in corporate governance and organization.  Barbarosh has participated in more than 150 financial and operational restructurings throughout the United States and has counseled clients on varied complex business transactions.Chambers USA, which has been ranking the best lawyers since 1990, called Barbarosh an "incredibly measured and practical negotiator" who has an "impressive ability to manage large, complex matters.""Craig's deep experience in matters of corporate governance and organization will serve BioPharmX well as we continue to grow our pipeline and expand our organization," said Jim Pekarsky, chief executive officer and co-founder of BioPharmX Corporation. "His legal insight will be particularly useful when we begin to actively pursue licensing opportunities as the products in our pipeline pass regulatory milestones.""I am particularly excited to join the board of BioPharmX because it is on the cutting-edge of developing groundbreaking products to address unmet medical needs in dermatology and women's health," Barbarosh said. "I am very impressed with the company's product pipeline and management team and I am looking forward to helping BioPharmX advance its strategic growth and expand its business."Barbarosh received his law degree from University of the Pacific McGeorge School of Law, where he graduated with honors, and a bachelor's degree in Business Economics from University of California, Santa Barbara.About BioPharmX® CorporationBioPharmX Corporation (NYSE MKT: BPMX) is a Silicon Valley-based specialty pharmaceutical company, which seeks to provide products through proprietary platform technologies for prescription, over-the-counter (OTC), and supplement applications in the health and wellness markets, including dermatology and women's health. To learn more about BioPharmX, visit www.BioPharmX.com.Forward-Looking StatementsStatements in this news release relating to the business of BioPharmX, which are not historical facts, are "forward-looking statements."  These forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," or similar expressions that are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.  All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement and the risks and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). These statements are based upon the current expectations and beliefs of management and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including the risk that the company's efforts to grow its pipeline, develop its products and expand its business are unsuccessful. Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements included in this news release are made only as of the date hereof and the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law.BioPharmX and Violet are registered trademarks of BioPharmX, Inc. All other brand and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders.Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150711/235327LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/biopharmx-corporation-appoints-craig-a-barbarosh-to-its-board-of-directors-300210196.htmlSOURCE  BioPharmX Corporation 




Related Stories


BioPharmX Appoints Marie-Louise Bots as Senior VP of Corporate Development
PR Newswire
            02/01 09:00 ET
        

BioPharmX Corporation Appoints Craig A. Barbarosh to its Board of Directors
PR Newswire
            01/27 09:00 ET
        

BioPharmX Unveils Promising Study on Acne Formulation BPX-01

MT Newswires
            01/15 09:28 ET
        

Study Shows Topical BioPharmX Formulation Treats Acne While Minimizing Systemic Exposure of Minocycline
PR Newswire
            01/15 09:00 ET
        

BioPharmX Violet Iodine Mobile Marketing Campaign On Pandora Achieves 25 Times the Average Industry Response
PR Newswire
            01/12 08:00 ET
        

Midday Gainers / Losers
SA Breaking News
            12/24 12:31 ET
        

Close Update: Wall Street Rallies on Higher Oil 
MT Newswires
            12/15 16:19 ET
        

Stocks Gain as Crude Rises, Inflation Data Supports Interest Rate Increase
MT Newswires
            12/15 13:27 ET
        

BioPharmX Q3 Net Loss Widens From Yr-Ago - Shares Plummet 27%
MT Newswires
            12/15 13:20 ET
        

Midday Gainers / Losers
SA Breaking News
            12/15 12:48 ET
        



Advertisement














{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            





















