




Kevin O'Barr's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Kevin O'Barr#188172@kevinobarr2Following0FollowersFollow1 UpvoteSnapPowerAdd USB charger to any power outlet (pre-launch)Tech save 157 7Share this profile










	SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS Trademark of Barr, Kevin W.. Serial Number: 75812092 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Wines and Spirits Products
SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS










 
Get FREE email alerts













SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS  Trademark Information
 Barr, Kevin W.
Wine
retail and wholesale store services featuring wine; wholesale and retail distributorship services featuring wine




Perfect for these industries

Wines and Spirits Products
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
wine    
                                    




This is a brand page for the SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS trademark by Barr, Kevin W. 
                                in Geysersville, , 95441.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Barr, Kevin W. of the SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, September 29, 1999,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS by 
                        Barr, Kevin W., Geysersville 95441.
                        The USPTO has given the SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS 
                        trademark serial  number of  75812092.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS is 
                        
                        
                                            KEVIN W. BARR of 
                                            REVM,  PO BOX 729, GEYSERSVILLE, CA 95441 
                                .
                            The SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Wines and Spirits Products
                                , 
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS 
                            is Wine. 
                            





Word mark:
 SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

3/1/2001






  Serial Number:  
75812092


  Filing Date:  
9/29/1999


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Wine


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/6/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

Barr, Kevin W.Geysersville 95441
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("VINEYARDS")


 Correspondent:


KEVIN W. BARR
REVM
PO BOX 729
GEYSERSVILLE, CA 95441






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (033) - Alcoholic beverages (except beers). 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/1/2001
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



KEVIN W. BARR


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search summerwindvineyards on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS 




SUMMER WIND VINEYARDS is providing Wine.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























	Kevin Barr, CFA » Phoenix Management  


























				About Phoenix
				




						Overview
						




						Lending Survey
						




						Giving Back
						




						Professional Affiliations
						




						Careers
						




						Contact Us
						






				Meet Our Team
				




						Meet Our Team
						




						Mitchell B. Arden
						




						Vincent J. Colistra
						




						James E. Fleet
						




						Brian F. Gleason
						




						Michael E. Jacoby
						




						Martha E. M. Kopacz
						




						David M. Drinan
						




						Rodney Gayle
						




						Robert B. Gowens
						




						Bayard B. Hollingsworth
						




						Albert J. Mink
						




						Joseph Nappi
						




						Richard J. Szekelyi
						




						Malainy Xia
						




						Michael Gaul
						




						Mark Karbiner
						




						Kevin Barr, CFA
						




						Dennis Bobker
						






				Phoenix Management Services
				




						Overview
						




						Business/Operational Assessment
						




						Liquidity Management
						




						Interim Management
						




						Crisis/Turnaround Management
						




						Operational/Profit Improvement
						




						Bankruptcy/Alternatives to Bankruptcy
						




						Litigation Support
						




						Strategic/Board Advisory
						




						Winddown and Recovery Services
						




						Phoenix Engagements
						






				Phoenix Transaction Advisory Services
				




						Overview
						




						Quality of Earnings/Diligence
						




						Sell-Side Preparation
						




						Operational Integration
						




						Business Plan Validation
						




						Phoenix Transaction Advisory Projects
						




						Phoenix Transaction Advisory Engagements
						






				Phoenix Capital Resources
				




				Phoenix Mission Based Services
				




						Overview
						






				Industries/ Case Studies
				




						Overview
						




						Distribution
						




						Financial
						




						Mission Based
						




						Manufacturing
						




						Retail Trade
						




						Services
						




						Transportation
						




						Wholesale Trade
						




						All Industries
						






				Newsroom
				




						Press Releases
						




						Recent Phoenix Articles
						




						Awards
						




						Lending Survey
						




						Resource Center
						






Contact Us 







Toggle navigation    















Meet Our Team











				Meet Our Team
				




				Mitchell B. Arden
				




				Vincent J. Colistra
				




				James E. Fleet
				




				Brian F. Gleason
				




				Michael E. Jacoby
				




				Martha E. M. Kopacz
				




				David M. Drinan
				




				Rodney Gayle
				




				Robert B. Gowens
				




				Bayard B. Hollingsworth
				




				Albert J. Mink
				




				Joseph Nappi
				




				Richard J. Szekelyi
				




				Malainy Xia
				




				Michael Gaul
				




				Mark Karbiner
				




				Kevin Barr, CFA
				




				Dennis Bobker
				





Kevin Barr, CFA
Vice President
Years with Phoenix: 7
Years of Turnaround Experience: 7
Kevin Barr joined the Company in June 2010 and is a Vice President of Phoenix Management Services with approximately 7 years of experience in financial and crisis management.
Mr. Barr has advised in a broad range of industries including not-for-profit and public sector, manufacturing, consumer products, technology, and healthcare. He has held interim management positions and served in advisory roles in a wide range of corporate environments including public, private, equity-sponsored, and family-owned. Mr. Barr's extensive experience in the areas of operational improvements, financial forecasting, cash management, and liquidation and business wind down allows him to craft and provide tailored solutions for Phoenix clients.
Mr. Barr also provides hands-on transactional leadership for companies that are in need of capital, financial restructuring, and M&A assistance. He advises middle market companies on a wide range of transactions in and out of bankruptcy including mergers and acquisitions, plans of reorganization, financial restructurings as well as private placement for senior and subordinated debt.
PHOENIX MANAGEMENT SERVICES ® EXPERIENCE


Turnaround Management
Crisis Management
Interim Management
Strategic Advisory
Financial Forecasting
Cash Management
Operational Assessment
Bankruptcy Advisory
Liquidation & Business Wind Down
Due Diligence Reviews
Profit improvement


SELECTED ADVISORY ASSIGNMENTS


Served as Financial Advisor for a contract manufacturer and packager of cosmetic products with revenue of approximately $40 million. As Financial Advisor, Mr. Barr was responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial function, managed the Company’s financial team, supported the Company’s executives, developed the Company’s budget and long range projections and guided the Company as it struggled with cash management and liquidity.
Served as Financial Advisor to a $175 million importer and distributor of seafood, providing cash flow and financial statement forecasting and cash management responsibilities, oversight of the Company’s bi-weekly borrowing base submission and communications with its senior lender and other external constituents.
Served as Financial Advisor to a $35 million distributor of pipes and valves for the oil and gas industry. Oversaw the Company’s remaining staff as the Company liquidated their assets outside of bankruptcy court. Provided financial forecasting and negotiated and closed on the sale of the Company’s inventory and fixed assets to maximize the recovery for the Company’s senior lender and unsecured creditors.
Served on a team that provided support and analysis to Phoenix's expert witness who reported and testified on the City of Detroit’s Reorganization plan developed in bankruptcy. Responsible for analyzing and vetting the City’s financial projections and restructuring initiatives.
Served as Financial Advisor to a $175 million processor and canner of vegetables. Performed due diligence, provided strategic advice and developed financial projections for the Company as they were contemplating acquiring a competitor.
Served as Financial Advisor to a $125 million salmon farmer. Provided cash management, financial forecasting and communicated with various constituents on the Company’s behalf including the Company’s senior lender.
Served as Interim Controller to a $10 million engineering company focused on the assembly of active alignment camera modules. Responsibilities included financial forecasting, communicating with customers and vendors and closing the monthly financials.


INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE


Apparel
Building Products
Business Services
Consumer Products
Food and Beverage
Healthcare
Machinery/Equipment
Manufacturing
Paper Products
Plastics
Printing/Direct Mail
Public Sector/No-for-Profits
Restaurants
Technology
Utilities


CAPITAL ADVISORY EXPERIENCE


Recapitalization
Refinancing
Expansion/Growth Financing
Balance Sheet Restructurings


SELECTED CAPITAL ADVISORY TRANSACTIONS

Kevin served as a Financial Advisor for the following deals: 

Served as Financial Advisor to a $115 million manufacturer and compounder of plastics, completing a $49 million refinancing of the Company's senior debt, term debt and establishing a new capex facility.
Served as Financial Advisor to a $60 million sweet potato farmer and distributor, establishing a new $8 million revolving credit facility for the Company.


PRIOR EXPERIENCE

Prior to joining Phoenix, Mr. Barr was an investment Analyst for a family office. As an Investment Analyst his responsibilities included portfolio management, investment research, and performance reporting. Mr. Barr began his professional career at JB Investments Fund, LP, a hedge fund focused on distressed investing opportunities.

EDUCATION / AFFILIATIONS

Mr. Barr earned a Bachelors of Science in Economics, with a concentration in Finance, from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. He is an active member of the Turnaround Management Association (TMA) and Association for Corporate Growth (ACG). Mr. Barr holds a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation from the CFA Institute and is registered with FINRA and holds his Series 79 license.





Contact Information
Office Location: Philadelphia
 
Office: (484) 841-6801
Mobile: (484) 678-5953

Email:
kbarr@phoenixmanagement.com
vCard: Kevin Barr.vcf














Office Locations

                        Atlanta · Boston · Cleveland · Ft. Lauderdale · New York · Philadelphia
                    






                        ©
                    2017,
                    Phoenix Management Services®. All rights reserved.
                    





 












KEVIN A BARR - MORGANTOWN, WV - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WV



MORGANTOWN



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            KEVIN A BARR
                                    



 





















K 


KEVIN A BARR
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3030 6TH AVE MORGANTOWN, WV 26508
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts KEVIN A BARR







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005, Kevin A Barr has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site from Morgantown. Kevin A Barr has estimated annual revenues of $100,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







K

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Barr, Kevin P. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Kevin P. Barr
Kevin P. Barr is an Executive Vice President, the Head of the Investment Management Unit and a member of the executive management team at SEI Investments Company. He is responsible for overseeing the strategy, direction and implementation of more than $170 billion in assets across mutual funds, multi-asset strategies, separately managed accounts and alternative investments. Mr. Barr is also the President of SIDCO, SEI’s broker/dealer. This group provides institutional trading and execution services as well as mutual fund distribution services for SEI and third-party fund complexes. His background includes six years as Executive Vice President and CFO of a publicly held bank headquartered in the Midwest. Mr. Barr has been featured in The Financial Times, Barron’s and other publications. He received his Bachelor of Science from Cornell University and his Master of Science from Purdue University.
Related Interviews:Interview with the EVP and Head of Investment Management Unit: SEI Investments Company (NASDAQ:SEIC)March 28, 2016







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google


















Kevin Barr (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Kevin Barr, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Kevin Barr

Kevin Barr imports from Hangzhou Great Bicycle Co.,ltd in China through the port of Houston, Texas        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Kevin Barr and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
 LULULEMON USA INC
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS AMERICA INCORPO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Kevin Barr
Kevin Barr imports from Hangzhou Great Bicycle Co.,ltd in China through the port of Houston, Texas


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



HANGZHOU GREAT BICYCLE CO.,LTD
2-17F XIAOSHAN INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL CENTER.NO.458 GOLDEN HAGNZHOU,CN,CN


KEVIN BARR
10 EAST AMBASSADOR BEND THE WOODLANDS, HOUSTON,US,77382,US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE




N/M
N/M





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



HJSCNJBD53418400


TRHU2985939
TRHU2985939


Product Description




SPORTING GOODS AND PARTS AND ACCESSORIES (BICYCLE)
SPORTING GOODS AND PARTS AND ACCESSORIES (BICYCLE)









Bill of LadingTLKPNGBLAX52077XArrival Date2015-03-24Weight (LB)9,702Weight (KG)4,410Quantity401 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.041EPort of LoadingNINGPOPort of DischargeHOUSTON, TEXASVessel NameHANJIN PIRAEUSCarrier CodeTLKPCountry Of OriginChinaPlace Of ReceiptNINGBO 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Kevin Barr. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Kevin Barr has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Kevin Barr







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Kevin Barr
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Avery Dennison Cff                                



                                    3p Logistics Group                                



                                    Master Mv Danae C                                



                                    Thor Qumicos, S.a. De C.v.                                



                                    Naviga Denizcilik Tasimacilik                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2881
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















﻿



KJV My Creative Bible-Luxleather Hardcover-Teal by Christian Art Publishers , Bill Bliss, Elizabeth Handley, Sarah Lynn, Mary Ann Perry, Pat McEown, Glenn Barr & Kevin Nowlan [Bible] isbn: 9781432115920 & 1432115928 











 















				Welcome Guest! Save up to 30-40% on most items with our awesome everyday discounts!
			

Newsletter    View Cart (0)  
			
			

Newsletter    View Cart (0)  
			
			

































All CategoriesAcademic
Atlanta Christian Warehouse
Audiobooks
Bible Accessories
Bible Covers
Bible Studies
Bibles
Black History
Boxed Cards
Candles
Christian Books
Christian Fiction
Church & Ministry
Church Supplies
DVDs & Videos
Electronics
Fashion & Clothing
Games
Gift & Home Decor
Health & Fitness
Homeschool
Jewelry
Kids Store
Music
Software
Spanish
Special Occasions 
Specialty Stores
VBS


Adult Coloring Books
Boxed Cards
Catholic
Graduation Gifts
Grieving
Improve Your Marriage
Mission Trips
Melissa & Doug
Teacher Appreciation


Are you local to the Atlanta area? Stop by our store in Suwanee, GA and browse our products. Since our store inventory differs from our online inventory, go to our Atlanta Christian Warehouse page or to DeeperCatalog.com to see what we have in stock.Churches are Welcome as we have a large selection of church supplies and our communion supply prices are typically much less than our competitors.










		KJV My Creative Bible-Luxleather Hardcover-Teal [Hardcover]
		

		By Christian Art Publishers  (Corporate Author), Bill Bliss, Elizabeth Handley (Contributor), Sarah Lynn (Contributor), Mary Ann Perry (Contributor), Pat McEown, Glenn Barr & Kevin Nowlan









Click to Enlarge




















Our Price  


$ 27.99


 


Retail Value  
$ 39.99
 


You Save  
$ 12.00  (30%)
 


Item Number  
6792162
 





Available on the Internet only.




 



 







Buy New $27.99



								Quantity: 





Try Our Bible Finder!




  
Search by translation, redlettering, type size, binding and much more!




 



Item description for KJV My Creative Bible-Luxleather Hardcover-Teal by Christian Art Publishers , Bill Bliss, Elizabeth Handley, Sarah Lynn, Mary Ann Perry, Pat McEown, Glenn Barr & Kevin Nowlan...OverviewMy Creative Bible is an exciting new concept in ways to experience the word of God in Scripture. This King James Version Journaling Bible is single-column printed, with two-inch-wide ruled margins for note-taking, scribing your reflections or creative expression. Nearly 400 hand-drawn, Scripture accompanying line-art illustrations are placed throughout the Bible to enhance embracement of The Word. There is an index of the Scripture artwork - line-art suitable for filling. Users will find this an invaluable visual tool for immersion and Bible study.About DeeperShopping Christian Books

Buy the KJV My Creative Bible-Luxleather Hardcover-Teal  by Christian Art Publishers , Bill Bliss, Elizabeth Handley, Sarah Lynn, Mary Ann Perry, Pat McEown, Glenn Barr & Kevin Nowlan from our Bible store at DeeperShopping Christian Books & Bibles and save with our great prices. DeeperShopping is a Christian owned and operated company that provides excellence in both service and pricing. We specialize in Christian Books, Bibles and Church Supplies at good prices and shipping rates. We understand that people need to make their dollars go further, and here at DeeperShopping you will find great prices for the products that you and your treasured loved ones need.


Item Specifications...



Pages   1395
						Est. Packaging Dimensions:   Length: 2" Width: 6.75" Height: 8.25" Weight:   2.28 lbs.
						Binding  Hardcover
						Release Date   Mar 1, 2016
						Publisher   Christian Art Gift
						
						
						
						
						

						ISBN  1432115928  ISBN13   9781432115920  
						
						
						

						
Bible Binding: LuxLeatherColor: BluePoint/Type Size: 8.65Version: KJVIllustrations: Yes - Contains Illustrations



Sales Rank:  #249 in Bibles    (See Bestselling Bibles)
Availability  7 units.		    Availability accurate as of Jul 26, 2017 09:32.
Usually ships within one to two business days from New Kensington, PA. 
																		Orders shipping to an address other than a confirmed Credit Card / Paypal Billing address may incur and additional processing delay.

More About Christian Art Publishers , Bill Bliss, Elizabeth Handley, Sarah Lynn, Mary Ann Perry, Pat McEown, Glenn Barr & Kevin Nowlan



										Christian Art Gifts is one of the most respected designers and manufacturers of Christian themed giftware. From Biblecovers to Umbrellas and everything in between, Christian Art Gift has gorgeous products that make the perfect gift for a cherished loved one, or even yourself!Christian Art Gifts has published or released items in the following series...
		                  

199 Favorite Bible Verses For...Boxes of Blessing



Are You The Artisan or Author behind this product?
 
										Improve our customers experience by
										registering for an Artisan Biography Center Homepage.
									

Departments1Bibles


Product Categories
Christian Product CategoriesBibles > KJV Bible > Specialty & Miscellaneous   (#2 Sales Rank)
Reviews - What do customers think about KJV My Creative Bible-Luxleather Hardcover-Teal?Be the first to write a review about KJV My Creative Bible-Luxleather Hardcover-Teal
Customers who purchased this item also purchased the following items...








$4.99  $3.49
Bible Tabs-Majestic-Lavender










$29.99  $19.70
NKJV Extreme Teen Study Bible-Hardcover







Ask A Question or Provide Feedback regarding KJV My Creative Bible-Luxleather Hardcover-Teal
Item Feedback and Product Questions
For immediate assistance call 1-888-433-3788 during the hours of 10am thru 5pm EST Monday thru Friday and a customer care representative will be happy to help you!
						
Help us continuously improve our service by reporting your feedback or questions below:

 I have a question regarding this product
						 The information above is incorrect or conflicting
						 The page has misspellings or incorrect grammar
						 The page did not load correctly in my browser or created an error.
						



						Email Address:



						Anti Spam Question.
						To combat spammers we require that you answer a simple question. What color is the sky? 



						Leave This Blank : 
						


						Do Not Change This Text : 
						






Add This Product Widget To Your Website

Looking to add this information to your own website? Then use our Product Widget to allow you to display product information in a frame that is 120 pixels wide by 240 pixels high.
							






Christian Book Store




   

							Copy and paste the following HTML into your website and enjoy!
							


	



					Christian Book Store
					



							






Looking to add this information to your own website? Then use our Product Widget to allow you to display product information in a frame that is 120 pixels wide by 240 pixels high.






Christian Book Store





								Copy and paste the following HTML into your website and enjoy!
								


									



					Christian Book Store
					



								










All CategoriesAcademic
Atlanta Christian Warehouse
Audiobooks
Bible Accessories
Bible Covers
Bible Studies
Bibles
Black History
Boxed Cards
Candles
Christian Books
Christian Fiction
Church & Ministry
Church Supplies
DVDs & Videos
Electronics
Fashion & Clothing
Games
Gift & Home Decor
Health & Fitness
Homeschool
Jewelry
Kids Store
Music
Software
Spanish
Special Occasions 
Specialty Stores
VBS


Adult Coloring Books
Boxed Cards
Catholic
Graduation Gifts
Grieving
Improve Your Marriage
Mission Trips
Melissa & Doug
Teacher Appreciation


Are you local to the Atlanta area? Stop by our store in Suwanee, GA and browse our products. Since our store inventory differs from our online inventory, go to our Atlanta Christian Warehouse page or to DeeperCatalog.com to see what we have in stock.Churches are Welcome as we have a large selection of church supplies and our communion supply prices are typically much less than our competitors.










About DeeperShopping
Account & Orders
Track My Orders 
My Account 
Gift Certificates

Email Newsletters
Subscribe Email 
Unsubscribe Email


Help
Help Center

Returning Products 

Email Customer Service

Resources
Link To Us
Homeschool Brands
Sitemap


Artisan Profiles
Christian Authors
Christian Music Artists
Artisan Biography Center


DeeperShopping Books

Toll-Free 1-888-433-3788  
                             Weekdays 10am thru 5pm EST
                             International  +1-678-546-9300   

Corporate Address
                             4280 Brogdon Exchange, Suite B
                             Suwanee, GA 30024










About DeeperShopping
Account & Orders
Track My Orders 
My Account 
Gift Certificates

Email Newsletters
Subscribe Email 
Unsubscribe Email


Help
Help Center

Returning Products 

Email Customer Service

Resources
Link To Us
Homeschool Brands
Sitemap


Make Money With Us
Become an Affiliate
Sell Your Ebooks

Artisan Profiles
Christian Authors
Christian Music Artists
Artisan Biography Center







DeeperShopping Books
Toll-Free 1-888-433-3788  
        Weekdays 10am thru 5pm EST
        International  +1-678-546-9300   


Corporate Address
        4280 Brogdon Exchange, Suite B
        Suwanee, GA 30024











About DeeperShopping
Account & Orders
Track My Orders 
My Account 
Gift Certificates

Email Newsletters
Subscribe Email 
Unsubscribe Email
Help
Help Center

Returning Products 

Email Customer Service

Resources
Link To Us
Homeschool Brands
Sitemap
Make Money With Us
Become an Affiliate
Sell Your Ebooks

Artisan Profiles
Christian Authors
Christian Music Artists
Artisan Biography Center
DeeperShopping Books
Toll-Free 1-888-433-3788  
               Weekdays 10am - 5pm EST
               International  +1-678-546-9300   
Corporate Address
              4280 Brogdon Exchange, Suite B
              Suwanee, GA 30024




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Barr Kevin Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Barr Kevin Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Barr's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Barr Kevin's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Barr Kevin's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Barr Kevin 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Barr’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailBarr’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Barr’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Barr is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Barr’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Barr is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Barr's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Barr's background in the comforts of home.
Barr will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Barr's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Barr Kevin, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Barr's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 

































Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip





















kevin barr - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Kevin Barr | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Kevin Barr



1) Kevin Barr's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Kevin Barr's History - Kevin Barr's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Kevin Barr's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records
















Kevin Barr




Kevin Barr is a Canadian politician, who served in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 2011 to 2016. He represented the electoral district of Mount Lorne-Southern Lakes as a member of

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Kevin Barr - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Kevin_Barr


Kevin Barr is a Canadian politician, who served in the Yukon Legislative Assembly from 2011 to 2016. He represented the electoral district of Mount Lorne-Southern ...


Mount Lorne-Southern Lakes - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Mount_Lorne-Southern_Lakes


Mount Lorne-Southern Lakes is an electoral district which returns a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of Yukon in Canada. ... Kevin Barr: 488:


John Streicker - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/John_Streicker


John Streicker is a Canadian politician, ... He defeated incumbent New Democrat Kevin Barr, who had also run in the 2011 federal election, by just 14 votes.


Ted Adel - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ted_Adel


Ted Adel is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Yukon in the 2016 election. ... losing to New Democrat Kevin Barr.


Concussions: What We Choose to Ignore | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/kevin-r.../concussions-what-we-choose-to...


Concussions: What We Choose to ... work done by University of North Carolina dean Kevin M ... Randolph, William Barr, James A ...


Yukon general election, 2016 - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/38th_Yukon_general_election


Yukon general election, 2016 ... Kevin Barr lost to former Whitehorse City Councillor and environmental scientist John Streicker by 14 votes in Mount Lorne-Southern ...


20 Jokes About Thanksgiving That Will Make You Love The ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/25/thanksgiving-jokes-2013_n...


Take a look at some of our favorite jokes about Thanksgiving from the likes of Jon ... George Carlin, Roseanne Barr and more. ... Kevin James. Erin Gibson.


Ken Barr - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ken_Barr


Ken Barr, working name of Kenneth Barr (17 March 1933 – 25 March 2016), was a Scottish artist who drew and painted DC and Marvel comics and magazines, Doc Savage ...


College Football Schedule Week 12: Stanford QB Kevin Hogan ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/11/17/college-football-stanford-ucla...


Here are five players who will be on the spot during Week 12 of ... Stanford QB Kevin ... the former fullback Barr has emerged as a legitimate Pac-12 ...


Kevin Hart - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Kevin_Hart


Kevin Darnell Hart (born July 6, 1979) is an American actor, comedian, writer, and producer. Born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Hart began his career by ...










We Found Kevin Barr | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Kevin Barr



1) Kevin Barr's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Kevin Barr's History - Kevin Barr's Past Available Online.



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Kevin Barr's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Search Records Now



Best Background Check



Find Out the Truth




Learn More



Best People Search



Search Arrest Records




Searches related tokevin barr



kevin barr bon secours


kevin barr tampa bay rays


kevin barr the woodlands


kevin barr psychologist



kevin barr rays


kevin barr aig


kevin barr bridgewater


all steel trailers kevin barrs




12345Next

Related Searches



kevin barr bon secours


kevin barr tampa bay rays


kevin barr the woodlands


kevin barr psychologist


kevin barr rays


kevin barr aig


kevin barr bridgewater


all steel trailers kevin barrs




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








