

Carol Bartz
















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times
















I Am American Business



Dana White


Julie Aigner-Clark


Carol Bartz


Eli Broad


Tory Burch


Bobbi Brown


Maxine Clark


Sean Combs


Maria Contreras-Sweet


Marc Ecko


John Paul DeJoria


Mohamed El-Erian


Chris Gardner


Jeff Grady


Tony Hawk


Trip Hawkins


Tommy Hilfiger


Tony Hsieh


Bob Johnson


Jerry Jones


Barbara Kavovit


Mel Karmazin


Jeffrey Katzenberg


Herb Kelleher


Gavin Maloof


Jim McCann


Al Michaels


Joe Moglia


Arnold Palmer


Boone Pickens


Kevin Plank


Wilbur Ross


Sumner Redstone


Steve Sabol


Mickie Siebert


Annika Sorenstam


Tom Szaky


Roger Staubach


Dean Taylor


Paul Teutul, Sr.


Donald Trump


Jack Welch








Carol Bartz


Producer Notes


  
Daniel Acker | Bloomberg | Getty Images
Carol Bartz, former president and chief executive officer of Yahoo! Inc.


Autodesk, the San Francisco based software company, is not exactly a household name. But if you know an architect, animator, product designer or engineer, there's a good chance they are working with Autodesk software right now. Carol Bartz is Executive Chairman of Autodesk, after 14 years as Chairman, President, and CEO. During that time, company revenues grew from about $280 million to over $1.5 billion. She is still one of the few women at the top of a major technology company. In person, her optimism and energy is contagious.  She likes to quote her grandmother's motto. "Get over it!"  And when she says we should not be daunted by a tough economy, it is not from a lack of awareness or empathy. She has faced tremendous personal and professional obstacles and seems only to have grown more enthusiastic. She isn't dwelling on her past, or her difficulties, she's still looking ahead, eager to figure out what's next.






Video Interview

 



 




				    	                 
            That's Just Irresponsible for All of Us   
			                        Sunday, 24 Jun 2012 | 12:00  AM ET 




‹

 




 


		    	                 
            That's Just Irresponsible for All of Us   
			                 
06/24/12 12:00 AM ET

 




 


		    	                 
            They Want a Cell Phone   
			                 
06/24/12 12:00 AM ET

 




 


		    	                 
            Almost Anything in the Built World...   
			                 
06/24/12 12:00 AM ET

 




 


		    	                 
            40% of the World's Energy is Consumed by Buildings   
			                 
06/24/12 12:00 AM ET

 




 


		    	                 
            Make Sure That They Are Fascinated by the World   
			                 
06/24/12 12:00 AM ET


›







The "I Am" Q&A


What kind of car do you drive?Lexus.

Where’s your favorite place to go?Bali.
What web site do you like to visit?Autodesk.
What was your worst moment in business?Bad product release.
What’s your favorite drink?White wine. Cheap white wine.
What’s your favorite food?Anything Indian, Mexican, Thai, exotic. 
What’s your idea of fun?Gardening.
And at work?Having an ‘a-ha’ moment.  A breakthrough.
What personal weaknesses do you forgive in someone?Making a mistake.
Who is a business hero of yours? Well I admire people at different times.  Of course I admire Jack Welch, John Chambers. These are people that have made a difference in business.  I actually like what Gates did.  These people have done special things. 
What personal qualities do you admire in business?Confidence, humor, humbleness, and the ability to say you were wrong. 
Are you doing anything for the environment?Autodesk both has an opportunity to itself reduce carbon footprint for the company, but also to help all of our customers reduce carbon footprint.  So we have a dual role.  It’s fun. 
What was your greatest moment in business?Anytime I see the employees so excited, jazzed up.  When a time was good, a product was good, there’s no better feeling. It’s like your child.  It’s like when they succeed, when the company succeeds, because we’re all in it together.
What is your dream?My dream is that people can talk things out, be logical, and be willing to change their mind.  
Do you have a motto?One that I really like is “get over it and move on.”
What is your present state of mind?Excited.  I’m always excited. I’m kind of a junkie on what’s going to happen next.




Transcript

CNBC:So tell me a little bit about what you’re doing when you travel to different countries? What is the role that you play?
CAROL BARTZ:I'm busy traveling to the emerging countries or as I call it, the exciting growth countries, because that’s where a lot of the action is for Autodesk infrastructure builds. Recently I was in Brazil, Poland, and the Czech Republic. There is a lot of excitement there; those people are on the move. So I get to talk to universities, which are where the engineers of the future are coming from, and I talk to the government officials, obviously our customers, and our partners. Just to get a sense of what's going on and how we can be involved in those countries. I wish everybody would have the chance to travel like I do because it gives you such a broad perspective on people. Not that, they’re taking our jobs away or this or that, but they're just people in their own right trying to make their way, and it would help the world if we all understood that better.
CNBC:You are talking to people who are building the infrastructure?
CAROL BARTZ:They’re doing the railroads, the transportation systems, the ports, the airports; they’re talking about putting roads in areas that now only have very tough paths, almost not roads. They’re also putting in electricity and water. I'm going to Africa in a month and South Africa to talk a lot about what's going on there, which I think is going to emerge faster than most of us think.
CNBC:What are some of the most active countries?
CAROL BARTZ:Actually what’s interesting is the Polish students are the fourth largest surfers of our student web sites behind the US, UK, and Germany. I got there and said, “Wow these kids are with it.” I was able to speak with a group of them and their questions were outstanding. I could have closed my eyes and been at Stanford. It was just fantastic. However Africa is still dark for a lot of reasons, and a lot of it’s frankly, the electricity.
CNBC:Where do you think the real growth opportunities are?
CAROL BARTZ:Well the real growth opportunities are where the middle class is coming on. What do I mean? They’re coming on strong. They’re past food and basic shelter, now they want a cell phone. Then they want to be entertained and then they get serious about other things to purchase that they’ve always wanted. That means more factories and transportation systems. Which in turn means infrastructure of all sorts, which means better power and better water supply. So when you have the move from rural to urban, in countries like that, you're seeing more opportunity, it's just a fact.
CNBC:Can you give us some examples?
CAROL BARTZ:Frankly anywhere in Eastern Europe, the former Soviet, India, China, the Indonesia’s of the world, and the Middle East. My gosh what's happening in the Middle East and seeing a picture of Dubai does not accurately represent the excitement that’s going on there. The very fact of the matter is that there are a lot of people coming into a different kind of lifestyle in these places that again require goods and services. It shouldn't be a frightening concept to US citizen, it should be part of the excitement of serving the whole world and taking economic advantage of these growth places. The real growth opportunities in the world are where there’s mass movement from rural to urban. Just like by the way, there was in US at the beginning of this century. Those people are going for opportunity, they're joining the middle class, and they’re joining the world purchasers. Which is an opportunity for every company in the US. It’s not a threat, it’s an opportunity and we just need to see it that way. 
CNBC:Can you talk a little bit about the flat world economy, and what companies need to do to stay relevant in the flat world economy? 
CAROL BARTZ:I love the concept of the flat world and I think perhaps I jumped on it pretty quickly because as I travel, I really see the fact that we're much more the same than we're different. All of us should take advantage of what the whole world has to offer because we all are getting access to the same information, the same kind of goods and services, of course tailored to the things we like, but why not take the opportunity when it exists in front of us. The opportunity now is all over the world. Things aren't that different anymore. In fact, it irritates me because I can't find good shopping anywhere anymore because it’s all the same. I used to go and find these really special things and you still can find special things, but it’s starting to have a sameness. That just shows us that there’s opportunity for all of us. That’s why I have a good feeling about what can happen in India and Africa, because I think they will have information access. Which I think means better understanding, hopefully better temperament, and a better place.
CNBC:So let’s talk about the role technology serves in emerging economies.
CAROL BARTZ:Technology is very important in emerging economies. Everything from the technology that serves up medicine to the technology that helps build infrastructure, which of course Autodesk is part of. The technology of communication and information such as cell phones and the Internet are using most of these places to leap-frog, they’re not going to land line phones, they're going right to mobile. They’re going to the latest systems, because they want to be on the latest and greatest, and get as quickly as they can up to standards. So the opportunity for a technology company is fantastic in the emerging economies.
CNBC:How is Autodesk taking advantage of that, what's your strategy?
CAROL BARTZ:Autodesk is in a wonderful position in the emerging world because our products build the world and our customers build the world. Which includes everything from a building, to a water treatment plant, to energy plants, to roads, bridges, airports, transportation systems, and houses. I like to say if God didn't do it, our customers did, because frankly the built world is what we do and I just think that’s thrilling. I think it’s thrilling to go when people proudly show a new building, this is the plan for a manufacturing plant, and this is our new ring road around the city. I just sort of puff up, it’s almost like it’s been part of Autodesk to do that, so it’s wonderful. 
CNBC:How have you seen things change?
CAROL BARTZ:When I was in Poland, and I hadn't been there in ten years and they said what are the differences? I said I can't even begin to tell you the difference how, first of all the temperament of the people. The first time I went there I didn't see that many smiles, I'm a big smiler and I didn't see that many smiles. People were actually quite stern. Now they were smiling and the business people were well dressed, they were energetic, and they were excited about their future. It doesn't mean that it’s going to be an easy future. You still have governments to deal with, you have funding to deal with, you have political situations, but they can see better ahead and you just feel that. The first time I went our sales rep had one suit. It was this thick wool suit. Now he looked like he walked out of the most wonderful men’s shop, everyday he had a different suit, everyday had a different shirt and tie, and I thought to myself how far he has come. With big smiles on his face, and I just felt just wonderful. You can’t believe the difference. It’s really thrilling. I'm actually a student of the world. I think you can only really understand people and places by going there and doing as much reading as you can. When I go to India I read history books about the Moguls and all the different periods, just to understand how they think? How can I think? And how can I actually join in on the conversation? When you go and you actually know something about the history the people really appreciate it. They say, “oh you’re not just coming here to bestow some American knowledge on us you’re actually interested in what we're about.”  Frankly, it just is fun to do that. I always say, “If you’re not an interested person, you’re not an interesting person.” In other words, if you’re not interested enough to read, to talk to people, to listen, then why does anybody want to listen to you? What do you have to say? Do you just talk about your golf game yesterday? Who cares? Do you talk about just your issues? What about everybody else’s issues? And so I think you have to stay interested.
CNBC:What’s your perspective on business cycles? 
CAROL BARTZ:I have a very basic concept of business cycles and that is that they just will happen. You don't know how long they will be or how good or how bad. After an up there will be a down, it’s a fact. These people that believe it will always get better, I don't think they actually have stopped to think. It’s always interesting to understand that this is going to be a really deep time down or really bubble going up and try to get that under examination and consideration. To believe that we don't have business cycles, to believe we don't have personal cycles, political cycles, weather cycles, it’s just not understanding how things work. So we have to get over moaning about the fact that things have changed and talk more about how we can change it the other way. If it’s down, how we can get up, if it’s up, how can we keep it up for a little longer, but not the fact that it will never change. That’s just irresponsible for all of the press, the politicians, the business people, and us on the street to somehow believe that things will stay perfect. Business cycles will happen, they always have and I promise you they always will.
CNBC:That’s actually reassuring.
CAROL BARTZ:Well it is reassuring. I wish people would understand and have the confidence to buck up and say things are tough now, but you know what, we're going to work out of it. That’s America. So this idea somehow America is not relevant and that we're going down; sure the is dollar weak, oil is bad, but let’s get over it and do we have to do to make it better and solve it.   I think this time what’s got people so freaked is the word bank. I think that the average person thinks oh my God, the banks are in trouble. That takes them back to 1929 and all of what was going on back then and it's just another transition for banking. The good news is usually every industry isn’t in transition at the same time, so you have a little bit of what I call the buoys or floats under the dock. This time, somehow we’ve convinced ourselves that the whole dock is sinking. It’s just not credible.
CNBC:Do you feel that when a business is hurting another one is benefiting?
CAROL BARTZ:Businesses always benefit. Look at the agriculture now. The farmers who grew up on a farm, that have sucked the wind for so long and now somebody actually wants to buy their stuff. In fact more than they can make. So yes, when somebody’s hurting, somebody else is benefiting. Somebody wins and somebody temporarily loses, but you know what, maybe they win next time and somebody else temporarily loses.
CNBC:What do you think businesses should do in a down cycle?
CAROL BARTZ:Well I think what businesses, employees, and people should do in a down cycle is use that as an opportunity to really get good, to really take a look at what your products are, what you’re doing, get really close to your customers, and get ready to just get market share. Also to drive out of there as quickly as you can, rather than wallowing and feeling sorry for yourself. Corporations can feel sorry for them selves, not just individuals, and instead use that as the time to get enough paranoia to change. Change is so important to everybody, to governments, to people, to corporations, the ability to use the change muscle, to say,”time to change.”  I call it kind of the heart attack syndrome. That is, if you’ve had a heart attack, the doctor says, “oh you have to stop eating this and that and salt and red meat.”  People get all energized and you do that until you get comfortable again. Then you say “oh that hamburger would be good,” and you forget that change was important. And so you have to kind of use downturns to create the opportunity and the tension for change. 
CNBC:Because there will be another up cycle. 
CAROL BARTZ:There will be another upside, and frankly,what do you need to change to take advantage of the upside? So any time you’re feeling too comfortable, I call it kind of the boring period. That’s when you start saying uh-oh, if we don't do some change here, maybe change is going to happen to us, the kind we don't like. So, always feel a little unsettled. I call it being on the balls of your feet. Most athletes don't stand flat-footed. Companies shouldn't stand flat-footed. What are you going to do to be ready to move? I mean you don't stand like this you stand ready to go. If you’re like this, you’re going to get caught. You don't have the right products or the right services or something happened, you always have to be ready cause that way you can go any direction. If you’re flat footed somebody can push you over, if you ever try standing flat-footed once and see if somebody can push you, you fall, if you’re on the balls of your feet, you actually have some resiliency, it’s a very interesting metaphor, but it works. 
CNBC:What do you think is the best use of a down cycle?
CAROL BARTZ:Well the absolute best use of a down cycle is to get ready for the up cycle, because it’s coming. 
CNBC:Do you think that businesses get defensive as opposed to taking the offense? 
CAROL BARTZ:Absolutely.
CNBC:How did Autodesk go from one product to a huge number of products?
CAROL BARTZ:When I started,  Autodesk had one product, albeit a wonderful product, AutoCAD and we looked at what our customers did and said, “what they need to do in manufacturing, in building construction, in infrastructure is very diverse and goes beyond one product.” So we started thinking about better ways to serve them. Now it takes a long time, and you don't just snap your fingers and say, “oh, we're going to have another good thing to sell.  We’re getting our customers into the world of 3D modeling. How can you get a product that you know is ready to go? So instead of making a real world prototype, you can make a digital prototype. You can actually understand through the modeling, analysis, and simulation that the building’s going to be good, that it's going to be eco-friendly, that it’s going to work for the people. That the part you want to manufacture can be manufactured, instead of wasting time. So we went from one product to multiple products to a really great strategy of allowing our customers to do digital prototyping. Not to sound too technical,  because the concept is simple but, rather than making a life-sized car, why can’t you do that model in a computer?  And we really moved to products that were very specific to bridges,  the entertainment field,  gaming, to creating movies, to buildings, mechanical parts. Almost anything in the built world or the entertainment world is done with an Autodesk product. We’ve been very fortunate to move and be a 26-year-old company that actually is just hitting its stride. 
CNBC:Can you talk a little bit about 3-D animation?
CAROL BARTZ:Well the whole 3-D thing now is just going to be wild.  It’s just wild. I mean people want to be entertained.  It’s the same thing, they want comfort in meatloaf and mashed potatoes, and a good movie.
CNBC:How is software helping with energy conservation?
CAROL BARTZ:From an energy point of view and a conservation point of view, we’re all trying to understand how to make buildings. Building construction uses forty percent of the world’s carbon consumption. And twelve percent of energy in the building. So fifty-two percent of the energy consumption in the world is from buildings.
CNBC:How come nobody says this?
CAROL BARTZ:Because they are all worrying about an ethanol car and nobody realizes that forty percent of the world’s energy is consumed by buildings.  People don't understand how important it is to design the building correctly and to understand what it’s going to do with heat transfer, fresh air, and all the things that happen in the building.  So we focus a lot on gasoline and cars, but we really need to focus on our buildings.
CNBC:So how do you integrate that into your software?
CAROL BARTZ:Part of the strategy in our software is to help our customers really analyze how the product’s going to work. So in a building, is it going to be energy efficient?  In a manufactured product, can I actually manufacture it?  So in other words, can I do this correctly the first time and not waste? So analysis in our software simulation within our software is very critical.
CNBC:Is there greater interest in energy conservation right now?
CAROL BARTZ:Most of our architects now say that customers are asking them for sustainability concepts in their building.  By the way, it’s happening all over the world.  That’s another part of this wonderful flat world, is this is not just a U.S. phenomenon.  In fact Europe’s ahead of us, Asia’s very interested because these products use so much energy.
CNBC:So in this case technology really can promote conservation.
CAROL BARTZ:Technology, in this case is the only thing that can help buildings get more energy efficient because it really can do the up-front analysis and simulation.
CNBC:How important is education?
CAROL BARTZ:The only thing I want to say is that, to make sure we’re encouraging our young folks, our kids, and especially our girls, to stay with math and science.  So they have an option to be an engineer.  They have an option to build the world, because I’ve seen young women turn on when they really understand, but if we don’t keep them interested in fourth grade or fifth grade we’re going to lose them, and that’s not good for us.  It’s not good for future generations. It’s not good for our world.  It’s not good for our country. So get our kids into science and math.  Don't shy away from that.



Related Links



		    	                 
            http://www.autodesk.com
			                 
























		    
    		More From I Am American Business
	    
    


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Julie Aigner-Clark
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Carol Bartz
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Eli Broad
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Bobbi Brown
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Tory Burch
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Maxine Clark
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Sean Combs
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Maria Contreras-Sweet
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: John Paul DeJoria
			                 


		    	                 
            I Am American Business: Marc Ecko
			                 


















To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again.





Playing




Share this video...


×


Watch Next...





















































Subscribe to read

































Accessibility help
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer




Subscribe to the FT








Sign In


Subscribe








Menu


Search




Financial Times





myFT









Search the FT


										Search
									

Close












Menu


Search







Home


World


US


Companies


Markets


Opinion


Work & Careers


Life & Arts





Financial Times







																	Sign In
																



																	Subscribe
																










Search the FT


										Search
									

Close
















									Subscribe to read:
								 Financial Times


Carol Bartz of Autodesk







Purchase a 
								Newspaper + Premium Digital
								 subscription for 






													$11.77
													per week
*

Select
											Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends



All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus:

Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday
FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle







Purchase a 
								Premium Digital
								 subscription for 






													$10.25
													per week
*

Select
											Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends



All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus:

Unlimited access to all content
Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds
FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis
ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper
Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary
Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber
Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets







Purchase a 
								Standard Digital
								 subscription for 
Limited Time Offer




SAVE 25%
								



													$4.79
													per week
*

Select
											Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $4.79 per week.
for a Limited Time
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends




Access to FT's award-winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet
Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector
Portfolio tools to help manage your investments
FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day
Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split







Purchase a 
								Digital Trial
								 subscription for 






													$1.00
													for 4 weeks
*

Select
											Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for  per week.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends




For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news







*
Terms and conditions apply
						

Other subscription options



Corporate






Newspaper Only






Weekend Paper + Premium Digital






Weekend App Edition
















Close


Financial Times

International Edition



Search the FT


Search























                Q&A: Former Autodesk CEO Carol Bartz on the past, present and future of construction tech
             | Construction Dive







































 
 



























































Search





x








An article from









Feature

                    Q&A: Former Autodesk CEO Carol Bartz on the past, present and future of construction tech
                    
                






Author
By


                                                Hallie Busta
                                            
@halliebusta



 • 
Published
March 29, 2017






Construction technology is taking off as developers large and small seek digital solutions for challenges across the job site, and investors respond in kind. The rise of CAD (and, later, BIM) in the AEC industry saw a similar trend, and the factors that drove its growth — such as the need to customize platforms for different user groups and new hardware options — are mirrored in the uptick in third-party apps and the growth of mobile and the cloud.





Carol Bartz

 


To put the current construction-tech trend in context, Construction Dive spoke with former Autodesk CEO Carol Bartz, who led the company from 1992 to 2006 as it grew from one of many digifab software options to the undisputed leader of the pack in the U.S. Today, Bartz is the lead director on the board of Cisco Systems and a member of the board of San Francisco–​based AEC tech startup PlanGrid, whose mobile app digitizes project documentation.
Construction Dive talked with Bartz about how Autodesk handled segmentation, the current landscape for construction tech and the potential for mobile.
This interview has been edited and condensed.














Autodesk grew during your time there into the market leader for design and construction software. To set up the conversation about these new, smaller software providers, what were some of the factors to which you attribute that growth?
BARTZ: We really worked hard to stay on the technology curve. We had open APIs, which was not considered a standard concept back in the 1990s and early 2000s. We had thousands of independent software developers providing software that enhanced what AutoCAD and some of the other products did. That was unique. And we developed a strong channel. We went out and found architects and people in civil [engineering] and construction to represent and support our product to their [peers]. That was not a standard IT practice in the ’90s and early ’00s.
You want to say it's because we had the best technology. Not true. You have to have the entire ecosystem package, which is how do you partner with people, how do you actually get your product to market, and how do you support the product once it's in the market? It's changed today because you get your product to market online, you get support online, your channel, everything [online]. It doesn't matter what the period is, you still have the same basic questions.
You led Autodesk under the 'fail fast forward' mantra. What effect did that have?
BARTZ: In the late ’80s and [early] ’90s, Autodesk was essentially a one-product company: AutoCAD. [Whether you] were a mechanical engineer or a civil engineer or an architect or a construction company, you figured out how to make AutoCAD work for what you needed because we didn't do that for you.
The internet came in the late ’90s, and everybody froze and said, 'Well our engineers, our architects, would never use the internet because it's not secure, not safe. They don't need it.' That's when we had to kick into motion the fact that we have to try some things and we have try them fast and it's OK to fail. Try to figure out quickly that whatever you're trying isn't going to work and hopefully it moves you forward. Try it again. Try something else.
The idea was to start looking at segments and figure out how to enhance the product so that the vertical markets felt the product was specialized toward their needs. Back then we worried about what the box looked like, for heaven’s sake. 'Fail fast forward' was getting people away from the idea that the only thing they had to do was add 20 new features for every AutoCAD release.
What about the cloud and the rise of more portable and, eventually, fully mobile devices? Did that make a difference?
BARTZ: It’s the same concept. Any time you dramatically change either how you get the product or how you support or service the product — for example, you go from a subscription service to a cloud-based delivery service, or you go from a box to downloading the software [from the internet] — you have to get out of your comfort zone.
Is there a relationship between when Autodesk started tailoring AutoCAD for different segments in the ’90s and what’s going on in the construction-tech space today around the emergence and development of smaller, third-party software providers? 
BARTZ: There's a total relationship. You could look at a database company, for example, and say, 'They're missing A, B and C. I could do A, B and C, and people will really want that.' That's all true, but sometimes it doesn’t make it a whole company. This will go on and on and on. [But] not one company is interested in every tiny little aspect of what their customers do.
In the early days, Autodesk paid no attention to landscaping. Now, why would you? Well, every time a building is put on this earth, something happens around it called landscaping. We were happy as heck that there were over 50 companies that provided landscaping [design software] that coordinated well with AutoCAD. We didn't want that business but the customer needed a solution, and small developers out there could make money by providing it. Voila, it all works.
How can those third-party software companies today best determine whether they’ll fill a gap or be redundant? 
BARTZ: Look at the size of the market and the time that's wasted, the real money that's wasted. Any time you have that kind of a problem, you need answers. To me, getting my laundry delivered is not a real problem. Companies like PlanGrid are looking at the construction process and seeing where the holes are and are coming up with mobile solutions. Fix these [kinds of problems] in an integrated, seamless way that everybody trusts and could use — you've got a huge opportunity.
With Autodesk, and other players, so prevalent in the space, what advice do you have for startups looking to provide these specific solutions?
BARTZ: When you have a behemoth like Autodesk, you have to pay attention to where that giant puts its foot next. You have to integrate with them, hopefully you integrate with their blessing, and if not, you do as good a job as possible. Then you figure out later on whether you are truly going to be able to be a standalone public company or you're acquired or you merge with a couple others your size — there are so many options, but they are real options. Everybody doesn't have to bang a gong at the New York Stock Exchange. That's its own set of problems. If you can gainfully employ people that are making good money and coming to work satisfied every day, working on a real-world problem in conjunction with Autodesk and other companies, that's wonderful.
When you started at Autodesk, what did you have to do to get yourself up to speed on the needs of architects, contractors and engineers that were using the software?
BARTZ: I did a lot of listening. More important, I had a great group of people working for me that knew what they were doing and could teach this new, inexperienced-in-the-field CEO what the hell to talk about. I give them all the credit. If you don't go and find out how your customers are truly using the product, and listen very carefully to what they like and don't like — and they are very happy if you sit and shut your mouth for a while and not appear defensive — you learn so much.
What would be an example of that?
BARTZ: I wanted to visit all the main verticals. So, the first time I sat down with an architect, I asked him what he thought about CAD and Autodesk and the normal stuff and he goes, 'Well, I use AutoCAD, but I don't really like it because it's for the engineer.' Then I went and talked to an engineer. What did I hear? 'I use AutoCAD, but I don't really like it because it's designed for the architect.' I thought, well who the heck thinks this product is for them? It had become so generalized.
They all [indicated] it was important because they were frustrated that it wasn't specialized enough for what they really wanted and they didn't feel that they were the main reason the product existed. That's one trip and you already have three years' worth of action to do.
To your earlier point about solving specialized problems, PlanGrid, as one example, addresses the issue of paper project documentation with a mobile digital solution. What are some other areas in the space today where smaller software providers can help provide a solution?
BARTZ: We have only begun to understand what mobility means. There still aren’t enough mobile devices out in the field. Job site phones were a big deal. GPS came along and you could [more easily] figure out if you should dig a hole or if you'd run into cables. Mobility in the field is in its infancy as far as what it's going to be able to do, and so you don't have to go much further than that. Then you have to say: What kind of mobility? Who needs it? How do you make [using mobile technology] reasonably efficient, so that instead of adding to users’ workloads it actually enhances their work? That still has to happen.


Follow
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                            Hallie Busta
                                        
                                    
                                    on
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                            Twitter
                                        










share







tweet







post







email







print





Filed Under:
Commercial Building
Technology
Green Building
Infrastructure















GET THE TOP NEWS







Select Newsletter:

Construction Dive
Topics covered: commercial, infrastructure, design, green, regulation, multifamily construction, and more.

Daily
view sample



Select Newsletter:

Construction Dive: Tech

Weekly



Email:


Sign up
A valid email address is required.
Please select at least one newsletter.

                    We care about your privacy.
                



Most Popular


Trump foresees up to 900 miles of transparent border wall 
July 15 


Feature
Industry Pulse: The latest construction data and statistics 
July 19 


Hyperloop One succeeds at first full-system test 
July 17 


Army Corps starts pre-construction work on US–Mexico border wall  
July 19 


JFK Airport officials solicit master-plan proposals for $10B overhaul 
July 20 




Staff Picks


6 women construction leaders shaping the industry 


10 construction industry trends to watch in 2017 


Going green: What's in it for sports venue owners? 


Inside the mind of a first-time homebuyer 


9 ways to get the most out of lots 




What We're Reading



Los Angeles Daily News

                                    Newhall Ranch plans get green light, paving the way for thousands of new homes
                                    

July 21



Colorado State University SOURCE

                                    New project to streamline diversity and inclusion in engineering curricula
                                    

July 21



Miami Herald

                                    US buildings, NFL stadium check panels amid fears of fire
                                    

July 21


View all


Events



AIA Contract Documents Webinar: Five Legal Cases You Should Know
Jul 28, 2017
Webinar, 1:15 PM ET


View all events



LIBRARY


Download
Free Online Construction Technology Courses
ConTech Academy, Powered by Autodesk BIM 360


eBook
How to Transition to a Paperless Construction Company
PlanGrid


View all









 




Get Construction Dive in your inbox
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines


Email:








Select Newsletter:

Construction Dive
Topics covered: commercial, infrastructure, design, green, regulation, multifamily construction, and more.

Daily
view sample



Select Newsletter:

Construction Dive: Tech

Weekly


Sign up
A valid email address is required.
Please select at least one newsletter.

                    We care about your privacy.
                







Read next



1




                                    ConstructConnect: June nonresidential starts fall 13.7%
                                





2




                                    House panel unanimously approves self-driving car measure
                                





3




                                    Developers propose $1B suburban Chicago technology park
                                





4




                                    EPA invites 12 projects to apply for WIFIA loans
                                





5




                                    For better roads, majority of Americans would back gas-tax hike
                                































Tailoring Products for Different Consumer Groups | Courses.com | w bBETA 
 LectureTailoring Products for Different Consumer GroupsLoading the player... Next Lecture >Home > Business > Entrepreneurship > Tailoring Products to Customer Needs at Autodesk; Growing Your Career > Tailoring Products for Different Consumer GroupsLecture Details:Carol Bartz, chairman of the board, president and CEO of Autodesk, talks about the need to speak with customers to tailor a standard product for different customer groups. She uses the example of AutoCad and the way it has been tailored to specific customers to meet their requirements. She also says that the best way to make a product a standard is to get it to volume.Lectures:Tailoring Products for Different Consumer Groups00:03:33Carol Bartz Carol Bartz, chairman of the board, president and CEO of Autodesk, talks about the need to speak with customers to tailor a standard product for different customer groups. She uses the example of AutoCad and the way it has been tailored to specific customers to meet their requirements. She also says that the best way to make a product a standard is to get it to volume.PlayingBeing Successful in the Global Economy00:04:54Carol Bartz Autodesk prices and packages its products differently in different countries. Bartz discusses how Autodesk has been successful doing business in emerging markets. She talks about the importance of looking at wage standards and labor standards of the country when selling global products like AutoCad across the world.Play ►Stay Interested00:01:09Carol Bartz According to Bartz, the more interested you are in things around the world, the more interesting you are to somebody else.Make sure your learning curve is always up and to the right, she adds.Play ►Making Lemonade: Coping Strategies for Corporate Stresses00:04:59Carol Bartz Carol Bartz, CEO of Autodesk for many years, underlines the silver lining for many stagnating issues in the workplace. Making a plan for yourself is a good idea, but don't let it limit your scope. By bringing value to the organization, you are the one to benefit most. Learning is the most critical aspect of any job; if you're not growing, it's time to uproot. She also points out that bad managers are great teachers, as they are instructive in what not to do when you finally get to fill their role.Play ►Pyramids, Not Ladders00:02:07Carol Bartz In this clip, Carol Bartz points out that young workers needn't be afraid of a lateral career move. Ambition often focuses only on upward motion, whereas well-rounded experience in a number of departments - sales, marketing, or customer service, just to name a few - gives a career a solid foundation. Ladders are unstable, Bartz says, but pyramids have depth, safety, and strength.Play ►Online Courses | Schools | Copyright © 2016 Courses.com. All rights reserved.Sign inClose ×Email Password Forgot your password?Don't have a courses.com account? Register nowSign in using FacebookSign in using GoogleSign in using TwitterRegisterClose ×Please complete the form below to register.Name Email Password Already have a courses.com account? Sign in nowForgotton your password?Close ×Please enter your sign in email address and click continue.Email Close ×Ctrl + C to CopyThis widget requires JavaScript to run...﻿




	Carol Bartz on DVD | Managing Change























































































Training TopicsKantola Video Training and Learning Collections & LibrariesSexual Harassment TrainingCustomer Service TrainingHarassment & DiversityManaging PeopleHIPAA TrainingHuman ResourcesCommunicationHealth & SafetyBusiness SkillsNew ReleasesSpanish Training VideosBest SellersComplete Online LibraryStanford Executive Briefings People & ProductivityExecutive LeadershipInfluence-NegotiationStrategy & ChangeSales & MarketingProfitability and FinancePersonal GrowthTechnology & InnovationBest SellersNew BriefingsAbout UsHow It WorksPricing








                Kantola

                Training Solutions






                    Free Trial



















Training TopicsKantola Video Training and Learning Collections & LibrariesSexual Harassment TrainingCustomer Service TrainingHarassment & DiversityManaging PeopleHIPAA TrainingHuman ResourcesCommunicationHealth & SafetyBusiness SkillsNew ReleasesSpanish Training VideosBest SellersComplete Online LibraryStanford Executive Briefings People & ProductivityExecutive LeadershipInfluence-NegotiationStrategy & ChangeSales & MarketingProfitability and FinancePersonal GrowthTechnology & InnovationBest SellersNew BriefingsAbout UsHow It WorksPricingFree Trial











Managing Change 

                    Featuring Carol Bartz










            close




                        Start your free trial




























                        We are happy to assist with your online training interests.
                        
                        To receive your free preview please call our office: 1-415-381-9363, or email us
                        at freetrial@kantola.com






                    Start your free trial





                                    Select a topic

Select a Topic




                                    Select a course

Select a Course

















                              Your free trial is ready!

Get Started








                            Questions?

                            A Kantola representative will contact you shortly to offer assistance.
(We've also sent you an email with a link to your trial account.)













Close


































            Training Topics

Collections & LibrariesSexual Harassment TrainingCustomer Service TrainingDiversity & HarassmentManaging PeopleHIPAA TrainingHuman ResourcesHealth & SafetyNew ReleasesSpanish Training VideosBest SellersComplete List





            Stanford Briefings

People & ProductivityExecutive LeadershipInfluence & NegotiationStrategy & ChangeSales & MarketingProfitability & FinanceTechnology & InnovationBest SellersNew ReleasesExecutive Briefings Library









                                    Related Training


Change Management and Strategic PlanningThe Mastery of Speaking as a LeaderHow Great Companies Achieve Extraordinary Results with Ordinary PeopleThe Power of PersuasionThe Exceptional Leader






















Description 

Product Details 





Program Highlights

Why change is important for growth. 
The importance of technology in driving change. 
Ways to successfully involve employees in change. 

If you're not thinking about how to change things or how to innovate in your company, you're going to be left behind. It might be later rather than sooner, but it is inevitable. Change is one of the few variables that remains constant. In this timeless presentation, Carol Bartz, a self-described "change agent," discusses ways to drive, rather than simply react to, change.
Ms. Bartz served as Chief Executive Officer and President at Yahoo! Inc. beginning in 2009. Ms. Bartz served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Autodesk, Inc., a computer-aided design software provider, from May 2006 to February 2009, as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Autodesk from April 1992 to April 2006 and as a director of Autodesk from April 1992 to February 2009.




Product Title:Managing ChangeFeaturing:Carol BartzFormer Chief Executive Officer and President, Yahoo! Inc.Product SKU:EB -CB DVDRunning Time:57 MinutesFormats:DVDYear Released:1994Keywords:Strategy & Change










DVDs




 








Trainer's Kit













Add DVD to cart



$95






















Call for Availability



Please
                                                            Enter Digits.








                                                100% Satisfaction Guarantee
                                            


                                                    We offer a 30-day return policy, no questions asked. Learn More



                                                Same Day Shipping
                                            


                                                    Place your order before 2:30 PM Pacific Time, Monday-Friday, for same-day shipping.
                                                    Learn
                                                        More










































                                                                                                            You qualify for a free preview.

                                                                                                            Provide the information below and in just a few short moments you will be previewing
                                                                                                            all 72 Stanford Library programs in your free no-obligation account.
                                                                                                        
















Please
                                                                                                            enter fields.










                                                                                                            Please watch for your notification email in the next few minutes. (Check your spam
                                                                                                            folder if you don't see it arrive.)



























                                                    Free Library Access!













                                                                                                Provide the information below and in just a few short moments you will be previewing
                                                                                                all 72 Stanford Library programs in your free no-obligation account.
                                                                                            











Please
                                                                                                enter fields.
































                    ©  Kantola Productions

                    800.280.1180 | info@kantola.com



Create a Quote

                        Kantola Learning Minutes
100% Guarantee
Reviews





                        Full-Length Preview
Login
Click to Chat 
FAQ
Contact




About Us
Articles
Privacy Policy
Site Map









Back to Top




















Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










	Carol Bartz of Autodesk: Designing woman | Institutional Investor























































































































 















				Please login to print this page
			



























Institutional Investor Brands



II's Alpha

II's Sovereign Wealth Center

Journals

Conferences

Data Store

Memberships

Investor Intelligence Network










Investors


Endowments & Foundations
Pensions
Registered Investment Advisers
Sovereign Wealth Funds
Delivering Alpha




Asset Management


Equities
Fixed Income
Hedge Funds & Alternatives
Indexing & ETFs
Macro
Regulation




Banking + Capital Markets


Banking
Corporations
Emerging Markets
Foreign Exchange
Trading & Technology
The Daily Agenda
New Economies




Research + Rankings


Leading Analysts
Sales, Trading & Corporate Access
Leading Executives
Top Money Managers
Global Rankings
FAQs




Blogs


Angelo Calvello's The Dissident
Ashby Monk's Avenue of Giants
Daniel Nadler’s At the Digital Edge
Jeffrey Kutler's The Futurist
Meredith Jones's The Broadside
Inside Edge from Our Reporters
Vitaliy Katsenelson's Inefficient Markets




Video


II Insights


Solutions for Asset Managers
Special Reports
eBooks
Webcasts
White Papers
Awards
Career Center
InvestPitch






{{helper.title}}
Loading...


Search












Subscribe
Register
Login









Investors 
					
							

Endowments & Foundations
Pensions
Registered Investment Advisers
Sovereign Wealth Funds
Delivering Alpha




Asset Management 
					
							

Equities
Fixed Income
Hedge Funds & Alternatives
Indexing & ETFs
Macro
Regulation




Banking + Capital Markets 
					
							

Banking
Corporations
Emerging Markets
Foreign Exchange
Trading & Technology
The Daily Agenda
New Economies




Research + Rankings 
					
							

Leading Analysts
Sales, Trading & Corporate Access
Leading Executives
Top Money Managers
Global Rankings
FAQs




Blogs 
					
							

Angelo Calvello's The Dissident
Ashby Monk's Avenue of Giants
Daniel Nadler’s At the Digital Edge
Jeffrey Kutler's The Futurist
Meredith Jones's The Broadside
Inside Edge from Our Reporters
Vitaliy Katsenelson's Inefficient Markets




Video 
					
				

II Insights 
					
							

Solutions for Asset Managers
Special Reports
eBooks
Webcasts
White Papers
Awards
Career Center
InvestPitch






{{helper.title}}
Loading...


Search












Subscribe
Register
Login
















						Carnegie CIO Goes It Alone
					








						Would You Invest with Steven Cohen?
					








						Is Growth the New Value?
					









						Bill Gross on Central Bankers and the Perils of Gluttony
					








						How Responsible Investing Can Appeal to Rebels
					








						Investors Are Putting Money in Hedge Funds Again
					









						A New Strategy for Cash-Strapped Corporate Pensions 
					








						Clinton Group’s Quant Meltdown
					








						BlackRock Raises Largest Renewable Fund in U.K.
					





















Home »
			Carol Bartz of Autodesk: Designing woman



























PRINT


Text Bigger


Text Smaller







X



You must be a Registered User to print articles.
Register today for inside access to our thought-provoking coverage of the global financial markets!

Interactive Digital Access
Research & Ranking Summary Results
Monthly Magazine*
Daily eNewslettersRegister Today *For qualified registrants only


Login
Forgot Password?






June 11, 2004






Carol Bartz of Autodesk: Designing woman

							It may have been a pioneer in computer-aided design, but this CEO's software company was once derided as "Old Economy." She helped give it a whole new dimension.
						







"I feel like I've lived about four lifetimes in 12 years,"
    says Carol Bartz, chairman, president and CEO of Autodesk, the
    global leader in computer-aided design, or CAD, software. "I've
    been through technology bubbles and economic cycles. I'm fine
    with them -- they make the strong stronger."
Founded in 1982 by computer programming pioneer John Walker,
    the San Rafael, California­based company has been producing
    PC software longer than any other company except one: Microsoft
    Corp., which got going in 1975. Autodesk, however, doesn't
    approach the Redmond, Washington­based colossus in scale:
    Its $952 million in revenues for its most recent fiscal year
    amounted to just 2.6 percent of Microsoft's $36 billion, and
    its 3,600 employees don't begin to match the desktop giant's
    54,000.
More telling, Autodesk never did achieve the high-tech sheen
    of a cyber-age start-up because, Bartz contends, "we were
    always considered 'Old Economy.'" Although Autodesk was among
    the first to commercialize CAD for architects and, later, for
    engineers, investors caught up in the tech boom apparently
    didn't find its solid but mundane achievements as compelling as
    some of the fantasies spun by more high-profile enterprises.
    Between January 1, 1998, and the March 10, 2000, market peak,
    Autodesk's share price rose 52 percent while the tech-laden
    Nasdaq composite index was rocketing 227 percent.
Conversely, Autodesk didn't suffer the fallout from the
    bubble's bursting, either. As of mid-May, Autodesk's shares, at
    $35.41, were trading just below their five-year, split-adjusted
    high of $36.88, set May 7. The Nasdaq index was more than 60
    percent below its apex.
In Bartz's 12 years at the wheel, Autodesk has more than
    tripled its revenues and head count -- but with ups and downs
    along the way. Although the company has maintained a steady
    flow of products and upgrades by plowing more than 20 percent
    of revenues into research and development, its costs in recent
    years were rising faster than revenues.
Bartz attacked the cost structure last year with a
    productivity-improvement campaign, and for the fiscal year
    ended January 31, Autodesk's net income quadrupled, to $120
    million, on a 15 percent rise in revenues. 
Autodesk has begun selling a new generation of products
    that, quite literally, take CAD to a different dimension. The
    latest software works in three rather than two dimensions; 3-D
    imaging lets customers construct far more sophisticated models,
    and thereby accelerate the design process, than do 2-D drafting
    tools.
The company, which has sold software to 98 percent of the
    Fortune 500 and counts 6 million licensees in 65 countries (60
    percent of Autodesk's sales are outside the U.S.), has lately
    been attracting the Hollywood animation and special-effects
    crowd to the 3-D technology purveyed by its Discreet division.
    In 1999, Bartz bought the unit, then known as Discreet Logic,
    for $410 million; it now accounts for 15 percent of total
    revenues -- and a bigger share of Autodesk's current
    cachet.
"Eighty percent of video games are built on our product,"
    boasts Bartz. "Also, the last nine years' winners of Academy
    Awards for special effects used Discreet products." The most
    recent was The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Bartz, 55, grew up on a dairy farm in Alma, Wisconsin, and
    earned a bachelor's degree in computer science from the
    University of Wisconsin in 1968. She managed software sales for
    3M Corp. and Digital Equipment Corp. before joining Sun
    Microsystems in 1982. By 1990 Bartz had risen to head Sun's
    worldwide field operations, reporting to CEO Scott McNealy. But
    she left in April 1992 to become Autodesk's third CEO,
    following founder Walker and Alvar Green. Both retired; Walker
    now runs a technology research Web site, Fourmilab.ch, in
    Switzerland.
The straight-talking Bartz is outspoken on outsourcing and
    executive stock options -- she vigorously defends both -- and
    she was one of the seven New York Stock Exchange directors who
    voted against ousting embattled CEO Richard Grasso. "I admired
    him and his achievements," says Bartz, who was on the NYSE
    board for a year and a half and resigned amid the post-Grasso
    overhaul.
Bartz discussed Autodesk's resurgence with Institutional
    Investor Assistant Managing Editor Jeffrey Kutler.
Is there a lot of excitement in your games division?
Game developers have a huge need for new features. Their
    edge comes from building the next new villain or creature or
    background, so there is a lot of excitement. It's a "hits"
    market. Even if you have one like Grand Theft Auto: Vice City,
    you have to keep working on the next one. We know how to build
    that fantasy world in media.
How specialized are your products?
Our products have certain things in common -- the graphical
    system, for example. But as we've evolved, particularly into
    3-D, the needs of customers in the various markets have gotten
    to be very different.
Do you see your technologies as at all disruptive?
We consider them democratizing. Our technology has been
    disruptive in the sense that over 22 years, we have taken a
    technical concept for high-technology authoring of graphical
    information down to the masses. For instance, 3-D has been
    available in engineering for 20 years, but it was much too
    complicated and expensive until Autodesk Inventor democratized
    it. AutoCAD had democratized 2-D CAD in the same way, and
    Discreet's 3ds Max software democratized gaming and
    animation.
How were you so successful at penetrating the Fortune
    500?
We had to take a different approach to large corporations
    than to small and medium-size enterprises -- from architects to
    small manufacturers -- where we also have a huge penetration.
    Marketing to the SMEs was just a matter of walking through the
    front door. At larger companies, with older tools in place and
    entrenched ways of doing things, we were seen as disrupters,
    and we couldn't just come in and speak directly to a chief
    information officer or vice president of purchasing. We had to
    get our feet in the doors of individual departments and expand
    from there through what we call viral marketing.
How do you size up your competition?
We are the only design company that hits all markets; others
    are only in manufacturing or in construction and so forth.
    Dassault Systemes of France is our biggest competitor in the
    manufacturing arena. In building and construction we have many
    local competitors in each country. In infrastructure we
    encounter ESRI, based in Southern California. The competition
    is good, but we can also say that strategically, we're
    positioned to win.
You still provide earnings guidance.
We believe it helps both the buy and sell sides. More
    important, as we are making a big commitment to improving
    operating margins, putting out guidance proves how serious we
    are. Last year our operating margin was 12 percent, too low for
    a software company. We are projecting 18 percent to 20 percent
    this year and are committed to taking it higher.
How do you widen the margins?
Revenue growth helps, but we have benchmarked every function
    of the company against what we consider best practices. We took
    this as far down as how many transactions an accounts payable
    clerk handles. Outside consultants worked with us for months on
    a plan for improving productivity in every part of the
    organization. It's important to look at basic efficiency every
    few years: You can grow and get sloppy. We did.
What is your response to critics of outsourcing?
We have a customer in Tennessee with eight employees that
    couldn't find a manufacturer in the region to make pellet-fired
    stoves to its specifications. It went on the Web and found a
    company in China. The customer used our tools to design the
    product, transmitted the data to China, and the stoves are
    selling at a $2 million annual run rate. Is that bad? I made a
    profit; they created a business and made a profit. The impact
    in the local community of that $2 million is great.
What's the next big thing?
Life-cycle management, which means converting the paper
    drawings or blueprints that are still prevalent in our markets
    into a digital form that can be tracked, revised and secured.
    That's the big opportunity for this decade.







































	Sponsored Video
	






















Get Started





Subscribe


Show me all of my options







 



Research + Rankings
Competition Heats Up Among Asian Executives:  Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. was the only firm to sweep its industry in Institutional ...
The 2017 EMEA Sales Team :  Voters praise the bank’s EMEA equity sales team for its accessibility and transparency, ranking ...
The 2017 EMEA Research Team :  For a fifth straight year, Bank of America is No. 1 in Institutional Investor’s ...
The 2017 All-Asia Sales Team :  Credit Suisse unseats two-time champion Morgan Stanley in our sixth-annual ranking of the region’s ...
Browse Rankings:






Select Report Type
Executive Teams
Research
Sales & Trading
The World’s Best Hotels
Top Money Managers


Select Ranking






Search





See more Research + Rankings »



























© 2017 Institutional Investor LLC. All material subject to strictly enforced copyright laws.
Please read our
				Term and Conditions and 
				Privacy Policy before using the site.
				






Content Channels



Asset Management

Banking + Capital Markets

Blogs

Investors

Research+Rankings

Site Map


International Sites



Institutional Investor China


Special Reports



IMF 2011







Media Formats


Newsletters
Digital Editions
eBooks
RSS Feeds
Webcasts
Video
Join us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Twitter
Connect with us on Facebook
Contextual Industry Solutions Directory






Research


Data Store
Custom Research
Why II Subscription


Services


Reprints
Career Center






Publications & Events


Institutional Investor Magazine
Institutional Investor Research
Institutional Investor's Alpha
Institutional Investor Journals
Institutional Investor Forums
Institutional Investor's Sovereign Wealth Center
Institutional Investor Memberships
Institutional Investor Awards






Advertising


Contacts
Online Production Specifications
Editorial Calendar
Print Production Specifications
List Rental (Statlistics)
Media Kit
Digital Advertising Solutions






Corporate


About Us
Offices
Careers
Investors
Management
Customer Service
FAQs
Cookies
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement


Subscriptions


Register
Subscribe





Top









































Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid’s board of directors - PlanGrid Construction Productivity Blog




















































































 






Search 

 
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIN
Instagram





















Search 

 
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIN
Instagram


















Search 

 
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIN
Instagram
















 




   







Uncategorized 
Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid’s board of directors
 PlanGridMay 19, 20162 min read


PlanGrid announced today that Carol Bartz, the former CEO of AutoDesk and Yahoo!, has joined its board of directors. PlanGrid is the leader in construction field productivity software.
“Carol had an incredible 14-year tenure as the CEO of Autodesk, growing revenue from $300 million to $1.5 billion,” said Tracy Young, Co-founder and CEO of PlanGrid. “Her experience and influence are going to be incredibly valuable as we enter our next growth stage.”

Carol Bartz
Carol’s support is perfect timing for PlanGrid, which has seen an impressive 13 consecutive quarters of triple-digit revenue growth. In its first three years, PlanGrid grew using $1.5 million in seed funding from Y Combinator and angel investors, including Sam Altman, Paul Buchheit, and Alexis Ohanian. In 2015, it raised $58 million in venture funding, led by Sequoia and Tenaya Capital.
“I love the team’s passion for the construction industry and I believe PlanGrid can become the new Autodesk,” says Carol Bartz.
With just over 200 employees, this four-year-old company has incredible momentum. To date, over 40 million construction blueprints have been uploaded to the service, and it has been used on hundreds of thousands of residential and commercial projects; the latter including stadiums and hospitals.
Almost every construction project sees overruns in scheduling and costs. To increase productivity and streamline the building process, PlanGrid created an intuitive, sheet-based mobile construction app that field workers love. It provides every team member with up-to-date blueprints on any device, so field workers can resolve issues faster and provide accurate updates to owners, architects, and office-based teams.
About PlanGrid
PlanGrid is the world’s leading provider of construction software for the field. It helps contractors, owners, and architects collaborate easily from their mobile devices and desktop managing blueprints, specs, photos, RFIs, and punchlists. PlanGrid’s cloud-based platform has been used on more than 450,000 construction projects, and it stores over 40 million sheets of digital blueprints. The company emerged from Y Combinator in 2012, and secured over $58 million in funding from world-renowned organizations and individuals, including Sequoia, Tenaya Capital, Northgate, Founders Fund, Box, and Google Ventures.

About Us Autodesk Construction News 




 

PlanGrid 


View all posts 








You may also like 








Construction SoftwarePlanGrid News 
How to Get Amazing ROI from Your Construction Software [Infographic] Power Design Celebrates Their PlanGrid Anniversary By: Emily Walsh & Taylor Precourt From productivity to sustainability, staying ahead of technological innovation is the key to overcoming modern construction challenges. At Power Design, Inc...


 PlanGrid3 min read

 








Construction Software 
How to Choose the Best Construction Software for Your Field Teams [Webinar] The construction industry is suffering from an “intractable productivity problem” largely due to slow technology adoption. While software for the office has become commonplace in the industry, it still hasn’t solved the underlying productivity issue...


 Mary Kate Francis2 min read

 








PlanGrid News 
Building Canada for the Next 150 Years PlanGrid Celebrates Canada’s 150th Anniversary By Deepening Its Commitment to the Canadian Market Canada is turning 150 years old this year, and we couldn’t think of a better time to announce that PlanGrid is deepening its commitment to the Canadian...


 Susan McCutcheon4 min read

 





Search  Recent Posts 

How to Make the Most of Your PlanGrid Investment [Webinar]


How to Get Amazing ROI from Your Construction Software [Infographic]


PlanGrid’s Construction Technology Blog Is Now Open for Business


 Archives Archives

Select Month
 July 2017  (5)
 June 2017  (4)
 May 2017  (3)
 April 2017  (8)
 March 2017  (9)
 February 2017  (9)
 January 2017  (7)
 December 2016  (1)
 November 2016  (4)
 October 2016  (6)
 August 2016  (14)
 July 2016  (3)
 June 2016  (1)
 May 2016  (12)
 April 2016  (21)
 March 2016  (2)

Categories 
Collaboration

Construction

Construction Productivity

Construction Resources

Construction Software

Featured Post

PlanGrid News

Project Management

Uncategorized


Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
 




Load More…
Follow on Instagram











PlanGridAbout us
Careers
Contact
API
Blog
 

ProductFeatures
Pricing
Training
Consulting
Support
 

CustomersGeneral contractors
Specialty contractors
Owners
Designers
Featured Projects
 

DownloadiOS
Android
Windows
 




© 2017 - PlanGrid, Inc.  | Privacy | Legal | Purchase order terms & conditions 






Home
Categories

PlanGrid News
Construction Productivity
Construction Software
Construction Resources
Collaboration
Data & Analytics
Project Management
Data Security


Authors
 















Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Carol Bartz - Wikipedia






















 






Carol Bartz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Carol Bartz



Bartz at her first Yahoo! all hands meeting (2009)



Born
Carol Ann Bartz
(1948-08-28) August 28, 1948 (age 68)
Winona, Minnesota, U.S.


Alma mater
William Woods University
University of Wisconsin, Madison


Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948)[1][2][3] is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Career

2.1 CEO of Autodesk
2.2 CEO of Yahoo!
2.3 Corporate board memberships


3 Awards
4 Personal life
5 References



Early life and education[edit]
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz.[4] Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota across the Mississippi River to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin.[5][6][7] In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress.[5] Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary Doctor of Science degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary Doctor of Letters degree from William Woods University.[8]
Career[edit]
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.[6][9]
CEO of Autodesk[edit]
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to Forbes, Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders."[10] She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs.[11] She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.[12]
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.[13]
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science.[14][15] Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.[15]
CEO of Yahoo![edit]




Mark Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011. (Also pictured, from left: Carol Bartz of Yahoo!, Art Levinson of Genentech, Steve Westly of The Westly Group, and Eric Schmidt of Google.)


On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operated the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world,[16] succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang.[11] During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of Business Week was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."[17]
In May 2009, Reuters reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce."[18] Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:

For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.[18]

With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt."[18] Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press.[19] Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."[18]
At her one-year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job."[20] Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.[21]
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer).[22] In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.[23]
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company.[24] Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors.[25][26] However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.[27]
Corporate board memberships[edit]
Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is currently on the board of PlanGrid[28] and Cisco.[29] In October 2016, she was reported to own over 23 thousand Cisco shares worth of approximately US$ 0.7 million.[30]
Awards[edit]
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life[edit]
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer.[9] She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems.[7] They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.[31]
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."[32]
References[edit]


^ According to the State of Minnesota. Minnesota Birth Index, 1935-2002
^ "Most Powerful Women: 10 strange but true facts - Postcards". Postcards.blogs.fortune.cnn.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Corporate Yellow Book: Who's who at the Leading Listed U.S. Companies - Leadership Directories, Inc, Monitor Publishing Company - Google Books. Books.google.ca. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ "Tenth Generation". Oryfamilyhistory.com. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ a b Mendoza, Martha. “The World According to Carol Bartz,”[permanent dead link] More Magazine.
^ a b Krismann, Carol. Encyclopedia of American Women in Business, page 59 (Greenwood Publishing Group 2005).
^ a b Malone, Michael. Betting it All, pages 112 and 117 (John Wiley and Sons 2001).
^ [1] Archived May 7, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b "One Tough Yahoo", The Economist (January 15, 2009).
^ "100 Most Powerful Women," Forbes (2005).
^ a b Fulton, Scott. "Upper-case and straight lace: What Carol Bartz might bring to Yahoo,", Betanews.com (January 13, 2009).
^ Lee, Ellen. "Carol Bartz stepping down as Autodesk CEO, president," San Francisco Chronicle (2006-01-18).
^ "Carol Bartz". Retrieved 3 September 2012.  – via HighBeam Research (subscription required)
^ Romell, Rick. "University of Wisconsin–Madison graduate brings tough style to Yahoo", Journal Sentinel (January 14, 2009).
^ a b Ecorner: Stanford University’s Entrepreneurship Corner Archived January 21, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. (April 24, 2008).
^ "Traffic History Graph for yahoo.com". Alexa Internet. Retrieved April 25, 2009. 
^ Hof, Rob. "Confirmed: Carol Bartz Named Yahoo CEO: Can She Turn It Around?", The Tech Beat, Business Week (January 13, 2009).
^ a b c d Oreskovic, Alexei. "Hope and fear mark Yahoo at crossroads." Reuters. May 5, 2009. (accessed May 6, 2009).
^ "Carol Bartz's First-Week-at-Yahoo Memo to the Troops – Kara Swisher – News – AllThingsD". Kara.allthingsd.com. January 25, 2009. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ Womack, Brian (January 8, 2010). "Yahoo CEO Gives Herself B-Minus Grade in First Year (Update3)". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ " The One-Year Report Card of Yahoo's Carol Bartz – Moxie: B+" All Things Digital (2010).
^ "Carol Bartz’s comp: $1M Salary, $4M Bonus, $18M Grant, 5M Options" Business Insider (2009).
^ "Yahoo!’s Carol Bartz Named ‘Most Overpaid’ CEO" [Tom's Guide] (2010).
^ “Fuck,” Carol Bartz: A Brief History of Yahoo’s Ousted CEO and Bad Words, Foster Kamer, 08-09-2011, access date 27-03-2012
^ Swisher, Kara (September 6, 2011). "Exclusive: Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Tim Morse Named Interim CEO". AllThingsD. Retrieved July 11, 2014. 
^ Antonimuthu, Rajamanickam (2011-09-06). "Carol Bartz has been fired as CEO of Yahoo". QualityPoint Technologies. Retrieved 2013-07-08. 
^ Baldwin, Clare (September 11, 2011). "Bartz resigns from Yahoo board". Reuters. Reuters. Retrieved September 11, 2011. 
^ "Carol Bartz joins PlanGrid's board of directors". May 19, 2016. Archived from the original on June 30, 2016. 
^ "Cisco Corporate Governance". 
^ "CAROL BARTZ Insider Trading Overview". www.insidermole.com. Retrieved 2016-10-12. 
^ "PROFILE: Carol Ann Bartz," Archived January 5, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Marquis Who’s Who in America.
^ Kharif, Olga. “To Autodesk – and Beyond?”, Business Week. (May 12, 2004).




Business positions


Preceded by
Jerry Yang
Chief Executive Officer of Yahoo!
2009–2011
Succeeded by
Tim Morse





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 31637297
LCCN: no99086389
ISNI: 0000 0000 4614 0085










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Carol_Bartz&oldid=788327936"					
Categories: 1948 birthsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican corporate directorsBreast cancer survivorsDirectors of Yahoo!Living peoplePeople from Buffalo County, WisconsinPeople from Winona, MinnesotaUniversity of Wisconsin–Madison alumniWilliam Woods University alumniAmerican women chief executivesCisco peopleYahoo! employeesAutodesk peopleHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksSubscription required using viaPages containing links to subscription-only contentUse mdy dates from March 2012Articles with hCardsWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisGalegoItalianoעברית日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Carol Bartz Net Worth | Celebrity Net Worth           Celebrity Net Worth  Search Random  Carol Bartz Net WorthHow much is Carol Bartz Worth? in Richest Businessmen › CEOsShare on FacebookShare on TwitterRandom CelebrityCarol Bartz net worth:$100 Million Successful businesswoman Carol Bartz is sitting pretty on a mammoth net worth of $100 million. Bartz worked hard for her net worth – she was the former president and CEO of the top internet company Yahoo! and CEO of Autodesk.Bright-eyed Bartz graduated from University of Wisconsin- Madison with a computer science degree in the early seventies. She secured her first job at a multinational organisation 3M. Bartz made a quick exit after she was ejected from a position she applied for at the company's headquarters. The reason was – 'women don't do these jobs.' Bartz went on to work for Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.Bartz's years of hard work paid off – she became the CEO of Autodesk in the early 1990's. The 63 year old turned the Autodesk (a small aimless PC company) into a leader of computer-aid design software for architects and builders. Bartz part ways with the company in 2006, but became the executive chairman of board.Bartz's biggest challenge was yet to come: In early 2009, she took on the role as the CEO of the one of the most popular internet company Yahoo!, replacing co- founder Jerry Yang. There has been a lot of speculation from the media (such as Business Week), that Bartz was unable to save the company.  In reality, Bartz was the answer to strengthen Yahoo!With plenty of positives, there are a lot of minuses. Bartz had to make a shed load of cuts, including eliminating, jobs, executives and seasonal parties. For her efforts, Bartz gave herself a 'B –'. The media had a very different opinion – they actually rated her higher for the challenges Bartz had to face. This September (2011), Bartz stepped down from her position at Yahoo! She remained as the Board of Director, but left the position in the same month (September). When Bartz joined Yahoo!, her annual salary was $1 million plus bonuses and shares of $500,000. On departure of Yahoo!, Bartz was worth $47.2 million, making her the 'most overpaid' CEO according to proxy firm Green-Lewis. Carol BartzBusinesspersonDate of BirthAug 28, 1948 (68 years old)NationalityUnited States of AmericaMore CEOs Martin Shkreli Net Worth  Brian Sheth Net Worth  Don Blankenship Net Worth  Peter Szulczewski Net Worth  Apoorva Mehta Net Worth  Dana White Net Worth  Mark Hurd Net Worth  Jimmy Iovine Net Worth  Mark Zuckerberg Net Worth  Steve Jobs Net Worth  Share on FacebookAll net worths are calculated by applying a proprietary algorithm. The results are then fact checked and confirmed by a team of editors. We scan all publicly available data and resources and work diligently to ensure that our numbers are the most accurate and up to date net worth data you will find anywhere on the internet.Did we make a mistake?Submit a correction suggestion and help us fix it! Submit a CorrectionDiscussion  Must Read Articles Shaq Is Planning To Own 100 Krispy Kreme Stores  Billionaire's Ex-Girlfriend Seeking $240 Million  The 20 Highest-Paid Musicians In The World  Apple's Long Forgotten Third Co-Founder (Who Missed Out On $80 Billion) Says He Has No Regrets  This Is How Yale University Came To Receive A Class Gift Of $110 Million  Donald Trump Could Have Bought The Cowboys In 1984 For $50 Million. He DEFINITELY Should Have Taken That Deal              


Yahoo’s Bartz: Yahoo Can’t Do What Facebook Does--Yet | PCWorld




















































































































Subscribe
▲
Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions

















🔎







Home






News
Reviews
How-To
Video


Business

Laptops

Tablets

Phones

Hardware

Security

Software

Gadgets

Subscribe




Resources
PCs
Phones
Printers
Ultrabooks
Blogs


Viruses
Cameras
Components
Computer Accessories
Consumer Advice
Displays
E-readers
Flash Drives


Graphics Cards
Hard Drives
Home Theater
Input Devices
Keyboards
Laptop Accessories
Mobile
Networking


Operating Systems
Optical Drives
Processors
Server Hardware
Smartwatches
Streaming Services
Storage
Tablets
Windows



 









News
Yahoo’s Bartz: Yahoo Can’t Do What Facebook Does--Yet














































Email a friend


To

Use commas to separate multiple email addresses




From

















Privacy Policy




Thank you
Your message has been sent.



Sorry
There was an error emailing this page.






By Mark Sullivan


PCWorld |
Nov 16, 2010 3:58 PM
PT

















More like this



Bartz: Yahoo Developing Content Optimization Service





Can Yahoo Find Its Inner 'Wow'?





FTC Readies National Privacy Framework






Video
Fujitsu's digital room lets you write on walls and tables























Yahoo’s CEO Carol Bartz says she would like her company to do what Facebook does, if only it could.Facebook follows its users in their travels around the Web, customizing content for them, and collecting data about where they go. When asked at the Web 2.0 Summit in San Francisco if Yahoo would do the same thing, Bartz said simply, “we could.” But she also said that Yahoo has to learn to organize user data better before it works on creating an overarching user profile as Facebook has done. “We can do what you talking about after we get our own house in order.”Bartz says that Yahoo has also collected a ton of data on its own users. But, she says, her company is unable to use that data in the way that Facebook does (to customize content and target ads) because Yahoo’s user data is in not collected all in one place.Yahoo! CEO Carol Bartz.Bartz explained that Yahoo’s various properties, like Sports or Travel or Finance, have always collected their data in their own silos, separate from the data collected by other properties.This is exactly what Yahoo wants to do to increase its value and relevance in the future. “We can help people optimize their ads and optimize their content.” Translation: Yahoo wants to do more than just make sure that its customers ads are seen by the right people; it wants to help publishers put their content in front of the right people.This could be Yahoo’s future, if it can consolidate its user data--and if it isn’t acquired by a private equity firm, or Microsoft or AOL. Bartz wouldn't comment on any of these strategic possibilities. Facebook has grown a huge database containing data about the identification, friends, and preferences data of all its users. This information can be used to help its Web publisher partners tailor content to Facebookers as they travel the web, as well as to better target ads to them. In short, it’s very valuable information, especially because it contains such personal information.



To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. 



Related: 

Web Apps
Tech Events





You Might Like




Shop Tech Products at Amazon




























































Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      










































































Carol Bartz Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















I'm kind of a Midwestern snob. I think we're just nice people and have a great work ethic.


Carol Bartz






 
 

 
 
 













Related Authors 


Mary Kay Ash


Sheryl Sandberg


Barbara Corcoran


Marissa Mayer


Carly Fiorina


Margaret Heffernan


Anne M. Mulcahy


Katharine Graham




Popular Topics 


Life Quotes


Motivational Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Smile Quotes


Positive Quotes


Funny Quotes




More 



Find on Amazon:
Carol Bartz

Cite this page


About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Carol Bartz Quotes

American
-
Businesswoman

Born: August 28, 1948










































   Loading...






When trouble strikes, which it always does - bad economy, bad quarter, activists, takeover - when trouble strikes, those board members who don't understand or are not committed are not helpful.
Carol Bartz


Economy,
Trouble,
Bad



















I'm kind of a Midwestern snob. I think we're just nice people and have a great work ethic.
Carol Bartz


Work,
Great,
Work Ethic
























Any leader needs to be constantly interested in what's going on in the world, and constantly ready - even when things are going well - to change.
Carol Bartz


Change,
Leader,
World



















If you sit quiet long enough, you find out what people really think.
Carol Bartz


Long,
People,
Think



















It's very, very hard to affect culture. And you can get surprised thinking you're farther down the path of change than you really are because, frankly, most of us like the way things are.
Carol Bartz


Change,
Path,
Thinking



















I grew up in a small town in Wisconsin. I never thought I'd be where I am. I never thought I'd have bling that I bought.
Carol Bartz


I Am,
Small,
Thought



















I like banks because they keep my money safe, but I don't want to talk about banks 12 times a year.
Carol Bartz


Money,
Want,
Talk



















My grandmother raised me. She was a real no-nonsense but very funny lady. I drove tractors, made hay, milked cows, fed the chicken, fed the pigs.
Carol Bartz


Funny,
Me,
She



















I didn't have my first child until I was 40. I actually learned about motherhood from management.
Carol Bartz


Management,
Motherhood
























Back when 'social' had a broad definition, you could almost say that Yahoo Finance chat was the first social product.
Carol Bartz


Finance,
You,
Product



















Yahoo is a company that is very strong in content.
Carol Bartz


Strong,
Company,
Content



















Steve Jobs came back to Apple in 1997 - the iPod came out 4 years later. 3 years after that is the first time his market cap grew. It took 7 years.
Carol Bartz


Time,
Apple,
First Time



















The fact that you can crawl the web is a commodity.
Carol Bartz


You,
Fact,
Web



















Social does not just equal Facebook. Social is how people interact anywhere.
Carol Bartz


People,
Social,
Facebook



















If people really don't want ads, they can go find their information however it is they want. It's a free world on that matter.
Carol Bartz


World,
Free,
Information
























If you want to run an ad on the iPad, it has to be approved by Apple.
Carol Bartz


Want,
You,
Apple



















I became a sales manager at Digital Equipment, promoted from within the sales team. My peers were less than excited that I had gotten the job, especially one of my male peers who said he just wasn't going to work for a woman.
Carol Bartz


Work,
Team,
Woman



















Managing is a tough job. When you're young, you just think it's a natural progression - I'm good at this, so I'm going to be good at that - and it's not that way at all.
Carol Bartz


Good,
Job,
Tough



















Everybody on my team - I couldn't do their jobs. I could not. I really mean that. So I figured out early on that the way you're successful is you hire really successful people.
Carol Bartz


Team,
Successful,
People



















If I had my way, I wouldn't do annual reviews, if I felt that everybody would be more honest about positive and negative feedback along the way. I think the annual review process is so antiquated.
Carol Bartz


Positive,
Feedback,
Process



















My first day as a manager was at Digital Equipment in Atlanta. I was a sales rep. I was promoted from among my peers, so one day I was a peer, and the next day I was their boss.
Carol Bartz


Day,
Boss,
Sales



















I hug employees all the time. I'm a huge contact person. Touch is an extremely important part of the human condition.
Carol Bartz


Time,
Employees,
Important
























I always do my firing in the morning because that's when I'm fresh.
Carol Bartz


Morning,
Fresh,
Always



















My husband doesn't listen because his mother didn't make him listen. What am I going to do, beat him? I mean: firstborn of a southern family? Firstborn boy? Please. I mean, I love him to death, but is he going to take the garbage out? No.
Carol Bartz


Love,
Family,
Death



















Organizations can get in the way of innovation, because if people are all bound up, and if they don't know if they get to make the decision or somebody else, and if they do, what happens to them, and so on and so forth.
Carol Bartz


Innovation,
Decision,
Know



















I manage through a sense of humor. We all work hard, and work has to be a really interesting, fun place. And that has to start at the top.
Carol Bartz


Work,
Humor,
Work Hard


































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Carol Bartz
















Related Authors



Mary Kay Ash




Sheryl Sandberg




Barbara Corcoran




Marissa Mayer




Carly Fiorina




Margaret Heffernan




Anne M. Mulcahy




Katharine Graham


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote














   Loading...


Load more quotes



