

BlackRock Cash Management








































 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $4.89 trillion in AUM as of 6/30/16





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 






FOLLOW US 











 Our Company and Sites








 USA

 



Select Country 



  USA


 International
 

 Austria
 

 Canada
 

 Denmark
 

 Finland
 

 France
 

 Germany
 



 Hong Kong
 

 Iceland
 

 Italy
 

 Latin America
 

 Luxembourg
 

 Monaco
 

 Netherlands
 



 Norway
 

 Spain
 

 Switzerland
 

 United Kingdom
 

 USA
 



 















 
 


Products 



Reform Center 



Insight and Education 



Account Resources 



About Us 

















Products 
Browse By Strategy 
PrimeGovernmentTax-Exempt 
Browse By Fund Range 
BlackRock Liquidity FundsFunds For InstitutionsBlackRock Cash FundsBrowse All ProductsShort Obligations FundCustomized Cash SolutionsMaster Portfolios 














Reform Center 














Document LibraryTime for Prime?Cash Academy Videos 














Account ResourcesTax Resources 














About Us 


















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 






























Terms and Conditions - U.S. Persons

Terms & Conditions
READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (“TERMS”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES DESCRIBED HEREIN. BY UTILIZING THE WEBSITE LOCATED AT www.blackrock.com (“WEBSITE”), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT AN AUTHORIZED USER OF THESE SERVICES AND YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
BLACKROCK RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR REMOVE PORTIONS OF THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON. WE SUGGEST THAT YOU REVIEW THESE TERMS PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES. SUCH CHANGES SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE AFTER WE HAVE POSTED CHANGES TO THESE TERMS, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AS MODIFIED.
Disclaimer
Nothing contained on this Website constitutes tax, legal, insurance or investment advice. Neither the information, nor any opinion, contained on this Website constitutes a solicitation or offer by BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock"), its subsidiaries or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments, nor shall any such security be offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Decisions based on information contained on this Website are the sole responsibility of the visitor. In exchange for using this Website, the visitor agrees to indemnify and hold BlackRock, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys’ fees) arising from your use of this Website, from your violation of these Terms or from any decisions that the visitor makes based on such information.
BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES OF ANY MUTUAL FUND BY PURCHASE OR EXCHANGE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ THE FUND’S PROSPECTUS.
The information and services provided on this Website are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, BlackRock disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranty of non-infringement of third-party rights and any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. BlackRock does not warrant, either expressly or impliedly, the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained on this Website and does not warrant that the functions contained in this Website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website will be free of viruses or other harmful components. BlackRock expressly disclaims all liability for errors and omissions in the materials on this Website and for the use or interpretation by others of information contained on the Website.
Fund and Advisor Disclosures
You should consider the investment objectives, risks and expenses of the Funds carefully before investing. The Funds’ prospectuses and, if available summary prospectuses, contain this and other information about the Funds and are available by calling our Client Service Center at 800-441-7450 or by visiting www.blackrock.com/cash. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NO GUARANTEE OF FUTURE RESULTS.
Disclosures related to institutional prime and institutional municipal money market funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Because the share price of the Fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time. 
Disclosures related to retail money market funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
Disclosures related to government money market funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.
The Funds are actively managed, and their portfolio characteristics are subject to changes.   Neither BlackRock nor its affiliates provide tax advice. Please note that (i) any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained in this communication cannot be used by you for the purpose of avoiding tax penalties; (ii) this communication was written to support the promotion or marketing of the matters addressed herein; and (iii) you should seek advice based on your particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor.
SEC Materials
Certain information provided through this Website has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") (such materials being referred to as "SEC Materials"). The SEC Materials and other public disclosures contained on this Website contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, with respect to BlackRock's future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "trend," "potential," "opportunity," "pipeline," "believe," "comfortable," "expect," "anticipate," "current," "intention," "estimate," "position," "assume," "outlook," "continue," "remain," "maintain," "sustain," "seek," "achieve," and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "may" or similar expressions.
In addition to risk factors previously disclosed in SEC Materials and those identified elsewhere in this Website, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance: (1) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (2) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management; (3) the relative and absolute investment performance of BlackRock's investment products; (4) the impact of increased competition; (5) the impact of capital improvement projects; (6) the impact of future acquisitions or divestitures; (7) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (8) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (9) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property protection; (10) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to BlackRock or The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.; (11) terrorist activities and international hostilities, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or BlackRock; (12) the ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals; (13) fluctuations in the carrying value of BlackRock's investments; (14) the impact of changes to tax legislation and, generally, the tax position of the Company; (15) BlackRock's success in maintaining the distribution of is products; (16) the impact of BlackRock electing to provide support to its products from time to time; and (17) the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
BlackRock's latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and BlackRock's subsequent reports filed with the SEC, accessible on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and on this Website, discuss these factors in more detail and identify additional factors that can affect forward-looking statements.
Trademarks, Copyrights and other Intellectual Property
The content contained on this Website is owned or licensed by BlackRock and its third-party information providers and is protected by applicable copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and/or other intellectual property rights. Such content is solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Accordingly, you may not copy, distribute, modify, post, frame or deep link this Website, including any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, user interface design or logos. You may download material displayed on this Website for your personal use provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this Website for public or commercial purposes, including all text, images, audio, and video, without BlackRock's written permission. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose violates BlackRock's intellectual property rights.
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on this Website are proprietary to BlackRock and/or their respective owners. Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Website without the written permission of BlackRock or such other third party that may own the trademark displayed on this Website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this Website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
The use of the images displayed on this Website by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, and the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications, as well as other regulations and statutes. If you download any information from this Website, you agree that you will not copy it or remove or obscure any copyright or other notices or legends contained in any such information.
Links to Other Websites
BlackRock may establish links between this Website and one or more websites operated by third parties. BlackRock has no control over any such other websites, the contents therein or the products/services offered. The existence of any such links shall not constitute an endorsement of, or representation or warranty by BlackRock regarding such websites, the contents of the websites, the products or services of the websites or the operators of the websites. Your access to and use of such linked websites is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of those sites, and shall be at your own risk. BlackRock disclaims responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third-party internet websites hyperlinked from our Website.
Links to BlackRock from Other Websites
You shall not display hyperlinks on your websites to any website owned or operated by BlackRock. If you desire to display on your website a hyperlink to a BlackRock website, you must enter into a written agreement with BlackRock governing such display. Access to any BlackRock website does not authorize you to use any of BlackRock's names, logos, trademarks or copyrighted material, and you agree not to do so without BlackRock's express written consent. Requests to display hyperlinks on your websites to BlackRock websites should be e-mailed to webmaster@blackrock.com.
Transmissions to and From this Website
Electronic communications can be intercepted by third parties and, accordingly, transmissions to and from this Website may not be secure. Communications to BlackRock, particularly those containing confidential information, may be sent by mail to: BlackRock, Inc., 40 East 52nd Street, New York, NY 10022, Attn: Webmaster. BlackRock shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques provided by a website user to BlackRock through this Website. You acknowledge and agree that BlackRock has granted you limited access to the specific files pertaining to the BlackRock Funds (“Approved Files”), and you agree not to attempt to access computer files other than the Approved Files.
Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which is a part of this Agreement and hereby incorporated by reference, to learn about our information collection practices and the measures we take to preserve the privacy and security of your information.
E-mail and Marketing
Financial professionals who complete the registration process to access the BlackRock Financial Professional web site are at the same time granting BlackRock permission to send them e-mail messages for marketing and general communication purposes at the e-mail address they have provided. This service may be discontinued at any time by responding to the email with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
The information provided on this Website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject BlackRock or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Each investment product and service referred to on this Website is intended to be made available to only U.S. residents. This Website will not be considered a solicitation for or offering of any investment product or service to any person in any jurisdiction where such solicitation or offering would be illegal.
The laws of the State of New York govern these Terms without regard to conflict of law provisions. If you take legal action relating to these Terms, you agree to file such action only in the New York State Supreme Court located in New York, NY, or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and you consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of those courts for the purpose of litigating any action with BlackRock, its affiliates or with any funds referenced in this site.
Limitation of Liability
BLACKROCK AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM USE OR LOSS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE), EVEN IF BLACKROCK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FROM THE USE OR ATTEMPTED USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANOTHER LINKED WEBSITE.
IF YOU LIVE IN A STATE THAT DOES NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR IF YOU ACCESS THE WEBSITE SOLELY THROUGH AN ARRANGEMENT WITH YOUR EMPLOYER OR PLAN SPONSOR, SOME OR ALL OF THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Broker-Dealer’s Potential Conflicts
As a broker-dealer, BlackRock Investments, Inc. and/or its affiliates (including any entities that are “affiliates” as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940) may act as a principal for its own account or as agent for its customers in connection with the sale to you or purchase by you of a security that is the subject of content prepared by BlackRock. If it receives a mark-up or commission or acts as agent for another person in connection with any such transaction, BlackRock may have a potential conflict of interest. You understand this potential conflict and acknowledge that you may choose to effect securities transactions at another broker-dealer.
Timeliness of Content
All content on this Website is presented only as of the date published or indicated, and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. In addition, you are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browser to ensure you are receiving the most recent data.
Prohibited Uses
Except as otherwise stated in these Terms or as expressly authorized by BlackRock in writing, you may not:

Use this Website in any manner that could damage or overburden any BlackRock server, or any network connected to any BlackRock server, as all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people;
Use this Website in any manner that would interfere with another party’s use of the Website;
Include the term “BlackRock,” or any BlackRock trademark or executive’s name, or any variation of the foregoing, as a meta-tag, hidden textual element;
Use any robot, spider, intelligent agent, other automatic device, or manual process to search, monitor or copy this Website or the reports, data, information, content, software, products services, or other materials on, generated by or obtained from this Website, whether through links or otherwise (collectively, “Materials”), without BlackRock’s permission, provided that generally available third-party web browsers may be used without such permission; or
Use this Website or the Materials in any manner that could create impression of affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by BlackRock.

Password Security and Notification
Certain parts of the Website are protected by passwords or require a login and are restricted to authorized users only. You may not obtain unauthorized access to such parts of the Website, or to any other protected materials or information, through any means not intentionally made available by BlackRock for your specific use. If you have a Personal Identification Number (PIN) for access to non-public areas of the Website, you are solely responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your PIN. Accordingly, you should take all reasonable steps to protect the confidentiality of your PIN. Notify BlackRock immediately if you become aware of any disclosure, loss, theft or unauthorized use of your PIN.
Unauthorized Use of Content
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless BlackRock, its affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, members, partners, managers and employees against any losses, damages, claims, liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys fees) to the extent resulting from or arising out of any unauthorized or otherwise inappropriate use of any of the content of this Website attributable to you or which occurs through the use of your ID.
Termination
BlackRock may terminate your access to the Website for any reason, without prior notice.
Waiver
No waiver by BlackRock of any right under or term or provision of these Terms will be deemed a waiver of any other right, term, or provision of these Terms at the time of such waiver or a waiver of that or any other right, term, or provision of these Terms at any other time.
Integration and Severability
If any provision of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
The preceding Terms of use represent the entire agreement between BlackRock and the user relating to the subject matter herein.
BlackRock is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace.
BlackRock PPIP, L.P. - Luxury Expense Policy
With respect to payment of expenses of BlackRock PPIP, L.P. (the “Fund”), the Fund will only pay or be charged with expenses as authorized in its Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement.  Moreover, in accordance with 31 CFR 30.12, under no circumstances will the Fund be charged or pay any expenses related to travel, lodging, entertainment, business meals, transportation, personal telecommunications or meetings or events.
Dated: July 2017.
Site Compatibility
This site is best viewed with the following browsers and operating systems:
Browsers:

PC: Microsoft Internet Explorer®5 or later
PC: Mozilla 1.7.2 (Browsers that run on the Mozilla platform include Firefox®0 or later.)
Macintosh®: Mozilla 1.7.2 or later (Browsers that run on the Mozilla platform include Firefox®0 or later.)
SafariTM2

Operating Systems:

PC: Windows®XP
Macintosh®: MAC OS®3 or later



Accept
Decline

















Company Information:



About Us


Careers


Investor Relations


Press Center


FINRA BrokerCheck





Legal Information:


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.

















BBIF Money Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 7:31 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of BBIF Money Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



100 Bellevue ParkwayWilmington, DE 19809United States



Phone: 302-797-2000

Fax: 302-797-2473

www.blackrock.com/cash/en-us/products/282857/bbif-money-fund-(class-4)







Key Executives for BBIF Money Fund




Mr. Joseph Markowski


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Richard J. Mejzak CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. Christopher Linsky


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

BBIF Money Fund Key Developments

BBIF Money Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Feb 08, 2016
Dec 23 15
BBIF Money Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Feb 08, 2016, at 14:00 US Eastern Standard Time. Location: BlackRock Advisors, LLC, 1 University Square Drive Princeton, NJ 08540-6455 United States Agenda: To elect board members to the board of fund; to provide voting instructions to Feeder Fund to vote for the election of the board members of the corresponding master fund; to provide voting instructions to Balanced Capital Fund to vote for the election of board members to the Board of Master Large Cap Series LLC; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournments, postponements or delays thereof.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BBIF Money Fund, please visit www.blackrock.com/cash/en-us/products/282857/bbif-money-fund-(class-4).  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























BBIF Florida | Smart Growth for Businesses












 


















































 





















 
 







 









































 





 

JUST RELEASED 

BBIF FLORIDA 2016 ANNUAL REPORT 

CLICK HERE TO VIEW 

 







 

BBIF FLORIDA 

WE GROW BUSINESSES 

GET STARTED TODAY 







 

There is no easy button
 for entrepreneurship.  

BBIF Florida helps your business down the road of success. 







 

FINANCIAL TRAINING 

SUSTAINING + GROWING 

GET STARTED TODAY 







 

FINANCIAL TRAINING 

SUSTAINING + GROWING 







 

BBIF FLORIDA 

WE GROW BUSINESSES 

GET STARTED TODAY 


 


 


Let’s Start Growing Your Business the Smart WayEXPLORE OUR PRODUCTS
12705 Jobs Created & Retained
$58MMCommunity Leverage (NMTC)
$45MMTotal Loan Dollars
385+Total Loans



THREE STEPS TO START GROWING YOUR BUSINESS




If you’re thinking about a business loan, BBIF Florida is here for you.
Accessing a loan for your small business should not be a complicated or cumbersome experience. Determine your eligibility for a BBIF Florida loan in a few easy steps.

 
STEP 1
Prepare + Gather
Our loan officers will need to get and understanding of you and your business.STEP 2
Apply and Submit
Carefully review the application sections and required attachments.STEP 3
Decision
The loan team will underwrite and review your loan request. 


YOUR SUCCESS STORY AWAITS. 
LEARN MORE ABOUT BUSINESSES ASSISTED THROUGH OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

 
RL Burns Inc.Client Success StorieszoomviewHair in Motion of New YorkClient Success StorieszoomviewThe Freeland Eddie Law GroupClient Success StorieszoomviewMyers-Seth Pump, Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomview4What InteractiveClient Success StorieszoomviewMettron Contracting, Inc.Client Success StorieszoomviewKale Caféclientsuccess2016zoomviewAAJ Technologiesclientsuccess2016zoomviewR L Burns Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomviewThe Freeland Eddie Law Group, P.A.clientsuccess2016zoomviewSterling Silver Scape and Sodclientsuccess2016zoomviewRoses’ Delight, Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomviewComplete Care ITclientsuccess2016zoomviewMitchell Learning Academyclientsuccess2016zoomview14KG MGMT, LLCclientsuccess2016zoomviewPrime Electrical Services, Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomviewFuel Media Holdingsclientsuccess2016zoomviewPremium Trash Servicesclientsuccess2016zoomviewProvisions Construction & Development, Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomviewSL FINANCIAL, Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomviewBarnes, Ferland and Associates, Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomviewHixardt Technologies, Inc.clientsuccess2016zoomview









WHO+WHAT+HOW+WHY

 


Florida’s Leading Non-Traditional Lender and Financial Technical Assistance Provider Specializing in Assisting Black, Minority and Underserved Small Businesses

 

Mission Statement To develop and promote Black business enterprises through education, training, loans, investments, and other activities and to aggressively promote an atmosphere conducive to their development.
ApproachBBIF Florida’s approach to successful business development is holistic. BBIF's approach is founded in the belief that in addition to a positive and/or coachable attitude, a business owner needs support in developing and expanding capacity, networking, access to capital and business opportunities.
Strategic Goal To make BBIF Florida a self-sustaining and high-performing CDFI.
ObjectiveTo provide loan capital and business development training to all minority and underserved businesses and communities.
















 



X






























BBIF Florida |   Loans











 


















































 





















 
 







 









































 





 

BBIF FLORIDA 

WE GROW BUSINESSES 

GET STARTED TODAY 


 


 


 


Tired of getting turned down?
BBIF Florida can fund your business needs.
APPLY NOW



THREE STEPS TO START GROWING YOUR BUSINESS

 


If you’re thinking about a business loan, BBIF Florida is here for you.
Accessing a loan for your small business should not be a complicated or cumbersome experience. Determine your eligibility for a BBIF Florida loan in a few easy steps.

 
STEP 1
Prepare + Gather
Our loan officers will need to get and understanding of you and your business.STEP 2
Apply and Submit
Carefully review the application sections and required attachments.STEP 3
Decision
The loan team will underwrite and review your loan request. All requests are reviewed by our loan committee for a final decision. 


Application Process

 




Fill out the Pre-Qualification Questionnaire.
Based on your responses, the questionnaire will help to determine if you are ready to complete the loan application or if you are a candidate for our financial technical assistance training program.

Complete the online loan application.
While completing the online application you will be asked to upload several supporting documents including:

Personal federal tax returns for the last 3 years. Please include returns for each principal of the business.
Business Tax returns for the last 3 years. Please include returns for each principal of the business.
Profit and Loss Statement for the current calendar year through the most recent full month; statement will need to include a Balance Sheet.
Resumes for principals and key management personnel.




 

Let’s Start Growing Your Business the Smart Way!EXPLORE OUR PRODUCTS









 



X






























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




