
 
Investment Management | Commercial & Institutional | BB&T Bank




SEARCHSEARCH

 




Personal


Business


Wealth





















Investment Management



Request a Consultation
Contact an Advisor


Through our subsidiary, Sterling Capital Management, BB&T Retirement and Institutional Services offers corporations, institutions, government entities and nonprofits the expertise to design a solid investment strategy. We provide customized solutions to help you meet your objectives.

Help to define investment goals 
Guidance in selecting appropriate asset allocation 
Active portfolio management 
Safekeeping of assets and comprehensive reporting 

Sterling Capital Management can help your organization maximize the productivity of your assets using cutting-edge analytical tools and a broad array of investment solutions. We tailor your investment strategy around your investment goals and objectives.
Your portfolio is built by a dedicated portfolio manager selected for the quality and consistency of their work as well as for their familiarity with organizations like yours. Your manager guides you through each stage of the investment process, including:

Investment policy development and review 
Asset allocation strategy 
Investment research and selection 
Portfolio construction 
Diversification among multiple asset classes 
Ongoing portfolio evaluation 
24/7 online account management through TAMLink®

The Firm

Sterling Capital Management LLC is a registered investment adviser founded in 1970. Sterling is dedicated to providing clients with outstanding service in achieving their investment goals. By delivering on this commitment, the firm has grown to serve many sophisticated and individual investors. 
Independently-operated separate subsidiary of BB&T Corp., one of the nation's largest financial services holding companies–relationship formed in 2005. 
Headquartered in Charlotte, NC, with offices in Atlanta, GA; Raleigh, NC; Washington, DC; Richmond and Virginia Beach, VA; and San Francisco, CA. 
More than $44 billion1 in assets under management overseen by 99 investment and client service professionals. 
Provides investment management services to a diversified group of clients, including corporate, public, private, healthcare, endowment, foundation, insurance and sub-advisory, and management investment pools in 40 states and 9 countries worldwide. 
Provides a full range of customized and mutual fund managed investment solutions for its clients through taxable and tax exempt fixed income portfolios, multi-class equity portfolios, and open architecture solutions through the Advisory Research Center.







Get Assistance





By Phone
Call us at 800-866-2288,
weekdays from 8:30 am to 5:30 pm ET.





By Email
Send us a message.








Specialized Services






Corporate Trust Services


Philanthropic Services


Governmental Finance


Investment Management










Contact Us





Send us an email
or call 800-226-5228.









Locations







ZIP Code

Find


More search options













1
As of June 30, 2013



Investment advisory services are available through Sterling Capital Management LLC a subsidiary of BB&T Corporation. Securities and other investments held in investment management or investment advisory accounts at Sterling Capital Management LLC. are not deposits or other obligations of BB&T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Company or any other bank or savings institution, are not guaranteed by Branch Banking and Trust Company or any other bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other government agency, and are subject to investment risk, including possible loss of principal invested.



Securities, Insurance and Advisory Services are:NOT A DEPOSIT • NOT FDIC-INSURED • NOT GUARANTEED BY A BANK • NOT INSURED BY ANY STATE OR FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY • MAY GO DOWN IN VALUE



CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by the CFA Institute.



BB&T Complete Client Protection

© 2017, Branch Banking and Trust Company. All rights reserved.




 
Commercial & Institutional | Business | BB&T Bank




SEARCHSEARCH

 




Personal


Business


Wealth

























Commercial & Institutional

Grow Your OrganizationAchieve Your Goals






BB&T provides a range of services to help corporations, government entities and charitable organizations achieve economic success.








Capital Markets
BB&T provides corporations with capital market solutions, consulting on leadership, organizational and executive strategies, and more.




Employer Services
Meet the needs of your staff with insurance options, gift cards, discount services and payroll options.




Flexible Benefit Plans
Offer enhanced benefits to your employees while saving on operational costs.




International Services
Expedite your trade transactions, reduce trade risks, finance exports and mitigate foreign exchange exposure.




Specialized Services
Organizations of all kinds can benefit from our corporate trust services, insured deposit programs, investment management and more.




Workplace Retirement Solutions
BB&T designs competitive retirement plan programs for businesses of all sizes and industries.








Attract and Retain Talent





Retirement Plan Solutions
BB&T provides retirement plan solutions to help you recruit and retain valuable employees and help them prepare for retirement.






Manage HR and Payroll





Payroll Solutions
BB&T Self-Service and Full-Service Payroll let you spend less time on administrative tasks and more time growing your business.









Business Services Logon








Choose One
ACH Control
AR Box
Association Services Web Vault
BB&T Business Rewards
BB&T Commercial Finance
BB&T OnSite Deposit
BB&T Resource Net
CashManager OnLine
Check Reorder
Commerce Gateway Receivables
Commerce Gateway Payables
Credit Card Connection
Email Encryption
F&E Client View
FX Online Trading - FXAccess
HRconnection
Lockbox Services
Insurance Client Access
Merchant Connection
Online Banking
BB&T SponsorLink
TAMLink
TradeAssist

Go














Locations







ZIP Code

Find


More search options




















Branch Banking and Trust Company, Member FDIC.



Securities, Investments and Insurance Products or Services are:NOT A DEPOSIT • NOT FDIC-INSURED • NOT GUARANTEED BY A BANK • NOT INSURED BY ANY STATE OR FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY • MAY GO DOWN IN VALUE



BB&T Complete Client Protection

© 2017, Branch Banking and Trust Company. All rights reserved.




 
Specialized Services | Commercial & Institutional | BB&T Bank




SEARCHSEARCH

 




Personal


Business


Wealth





















Specialized Services





BB&T Institutional Services offers a range of specialized services to meet the needs of corporations, government entities and charitable organizations.








Corporate Trust Services
For generations, BB&T Corporate Trust Services has helped public and private organizations raise capital. We give you the edge with behind-the-scenes support.




Philanthropic Services
The BB&T Institutional Services Philanthropic Services Group partners with endowments, foundations and nonprofit organizations to address challenges, build capacity and create a lasting legacy. We offer a range of administrative and investment services.




Governmental Finance
The Governmental Finance Division of BB&T offers tax-exempt financing to meet the capital needs of government agencies.




Investment Management
Through our subsidiary, Sterling Capital Management, BB&T Institutional Services offers corporations, institutions, government groups and nonprofits the expertise to design a solid investment strategy. We provide customized solutions to help you meet your objectives.




Sterling Capital
BB&T offers a full range of asset management services through our subsidiary Sterling Capital Management. We design solid investment strategies for corporations, institutions, government groups and nonprofits.




Stanley, Hunt, Dupree & Rhine
A division of BB&T, SHDR is a single-source benefit solutions provider. We offer employee benefit consulting, plan administration, investment consulting, and record-keeping services to businesses of all sizes.




The BB&T Leadership Institute
BB&T helps our partners transform their businesses with a full range of leadership, organizational and executive consulting through The BB&T Leadership Institute.








Commercial & Institutional






Capital Markets


International Services


Employer Services


Specialized Services


Workplace Retirement Solutions


Flexible Benefit Plans










Contact Us




Call 800-BANK-BBT
(800-226-5228).









Locations







ZIP Code

Find


More search options













Branch Banking and Trust Company, Member FDIC.



Investment advisory services are available through Sterling Capital Management LLC a subsidiary of BB&T Corporation. Securities and other investments held in investment management or investment advisory accounts at Sterling Capital Management LLC. are not deposits or other obligations of BB&T Corporation, Branch Banking and Trust Company or any other bank or savings institution, are not guaranteed by Branch Banking and Trust Company or any other bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other government agency, and are subject to investment risk, including possible loss of principal invested.



BB&T Complete Client Protection

© 2017, Branch Banking and Trust Company. All rights reserved.



﻿   BB&T Capital Partners | Home         
    visit our new website 
 www.fivepointscapital.com  Five Points Capital ("Five Points") is a leading independent private equity manager founded in 1997 to solely focus on investing in US lower middle–market, growth-oriented companies. Five Points manages direct private equity, mezzanine and small buyout fund-of-funds, including the management of the BB&T Capital Partners funds, totaling over $1 billion in client committed capital. Five Points' 21 member team is headquartered in Winston-Salem, NC and is an investment advisor registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.      BB&T Bank | Personal Banking, Business Banking, Mortgages, Investments




Skip to main content







Search TermsClearSearch

 Close search, tabbing past this button closes search






Warning!

You Have Disabled the JavaScript in Your Browser. Kindly Enable it for the Best Experience..


×












Online Banking




User ID




Password





Log in





Reset your password


Call 888-228-6654 for User ID Assistance

Sign up for online banking


Online security measures





Get the mobile app


U by BB&T






New to online banking?


Sign up





Log in to another account

Choose oneAssociation Online PaymentsCheck ReorderElite UMAEmail EncryptionMarketconnectU by BB&TOnline BankingPlanTracBB&T Scott & StringfellowShareholder ServicesTAMLinkGo















Open a checking or savings account online today
Open an account online for a BB&T checking or savings account



Learn about BB&T products and services





                                    Checking
                                





                                    Savings
                                





                                    Home Mortgage
                                





                                    Prepaid Cards
                                





                                    Credit Cards
                                





                                    Debit Cards
                                

















Show off your style
Pay with more personality by customizing your debit card with a personal image.Start designing your debit card - important










Go beyond everyday banking Get a comprehensive view of your finances with U by BB&T®, our online and mobile banking experience. Manage all your accounts from a customizable dashboard, set budgeting and spending goals, pay bills, view your credit score and more. Learn more about U by BB&T - important 












Let BB&T help you stay safe onlineWe invite you to explore BB&T Security Central, where you can find the latest information you need to stay up to date on security threats and get tips to stay safe.









Disclosures
						

Loans, lines of credit and credit cards are subject to credit approval.
Only deposit products are FDIC insured.
Insurance products and services are offered by BB&T Insurance Services, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of BB&T Insurance Holdings, Inc.
 Securities, Insurance and Advisory Services are:  Not a deposit Not FDIC-insured Not guaranteed by a bank Not insured by any state or federal government agency May go down in value  

Branch Banking and Trust Company is a Member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender. 
BB&T Complete Client Protection




Scroll to top of page




BBT Capital Management Advisors LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























bbt capital management advisors llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
BBT Capital Management Advisors LLC operates as an investment management firm.




Corporate Information
Address:

80 State Street
Albany, NY 12207
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Bbt Capital Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Bbt Capital Management, LLC


Bbt Capital Management, LLC
(CRD# 170978) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Fort Worth, TX.
They
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Bbt Capital Management, LLC




201 Main Street, Suite 3200,
Fort Worth,
TX
76102
817-390-8439









By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

0
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

0
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$0







Compensation Options










Advisory Services Offered












Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




TX






Financial Advisors at Bbt Capital Management, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now















 
Senior Management Team | Capital Markets Management | BB&T Capital Markets


BB&T Capital Markets






Careers


Locations


Contact Us
























Why BB&T



















Senior Management TeamOur senior management team brings years of expertise to the task of making sure that every client receives the best possible experience from our broad array of Capital Markets services.












W. Rufus YatesSr. Exec. VP, BB&T Corp.President & CEO, BB&T Securities336-733-2715
					email
				
					Download My vCard
				View Bio










John B. Jung Jr. Senior Managing DirectorHead of BB&T Capital Markets804-649-3972
					email
				
					Download My vCard
				View Bio










Merlin T. GrimFinance & Chief Risk OfficerBB&T Securities804-649-3968
					email
				
					Download My vCard
				View Bio










Cory P. BoyteExecutive Vice PresidentCorporate Banking Manager336-733-2759
					email
				
					Download My vCard
				View Bio









Check the background of BB&T Capital Markets on FINRA's BrokerCheck.










BB&T Capital Markets is a division of BB&T Securities, LLC, a wholly owned nonbank subsidiary of BB&T Corporation and Member FINRA/SIPC. Securities or insurance products and annuities sold, offered or recommended are not a deposit, not FDIC insured, not guaranteed by a bank, not guaranteed by any federal government agency and may go down in value. Corporate banking products are offered through Branch Banking & Trust Company. Click here to read all disclosures.
 

© 2017, Branch Banking and Trust Company. All rights reserved.





BBT Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL)

























Edition: 



Our Contact 



July 26 2017








Breaking News


 


Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO)






Gov't relaxes salt, whole grain standards for school meals










Trending Topics
Drake Got a Picture of Lil Wayne Tattooed on His Arm
Citigroup:Blue Apron Holdings (APRN) Valuation Insights
International Monetary Fund revises up China's growth view for 2017/18












India vs Sri Lanka- First Test Squads, Preview, and Predictions
ITV ads slide as Studios sees boost
Axis Bank declines after poor Q1 earnings
'Muddling through': UK GDP growth hits 0.3% in line with expectations
Hyundai reports 51% drop in second quarter net profit















 









Markets
Entertaiment
Industry
Science
Sport
Global News
Health Care
USA










 

Latest



Comey May Deliver Bombshell Testimony Against Trump
No one is sure exactly what Comey will say, but Bloomberg thinks he will not go so far as to claim that President Trump obstructed justice.
Comey statement: Trump expected 'loyalty,' called Russia 'a cloud' that impaired ability
Eric Trump said the allegation that his father's campaign colluded with Russian Federation is "the greatest hoax of all time". Despite the mounting legal questions now shadowing the White House, Trump has needled Comey publicly.
Red Sox announcer Jerry Remy apologizes for translator remarks
He then fanned Chris Carter with a full-count 99 miles per hour fastball that was well out of the strike zone, ending the inning. O'Brien then noted that "probably they're concerned about nuance being lost in some of those conversations".
Iran attacks leave 12 dead at parliament and Khomeini mausoleum
Iran has been singled out as a target by jihadist groups, including IS, but has largely escaped attacks within its urban centers.  "The caliphate will not miss a chance to spill their blood", it said , referring to Iran's majority Shi'ite Muslim population.
The Warriors are ripping up every bit of National Basketball Association  history
Kyrie Irving scored 24 points in the opener and Love had a big day in Game 2, but starters Tristan Thompson and J.R. Golden State, a Finals dubbed "The Three-Match" has been a mismatch. "So I think we will be ready to go".
Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Position Cut by Oxford Asset Management
The specialty retailer reported ($0.07) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.10) by $0.03. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have issued a hold rating to the company's stock.
Clinton Group INC Boosted Cvs Health Corp (CVS) Holding by $12.93 Million
Strs Ohio stated it has 0% in Generac Holdings Inc. 34,066 were accumulated by Covenant Multifamily Offices Ltd Liability Company. First Manhattan Co. owned 0.26% of CVS Health Corp worth $249,657,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
U.S.  and Mexico strike sugar deal, averting a potential trade war
But in the US , the price of sugar has been greater than in other parts of the world, sometimes two or three times more. Ross listed several of the factors that trade agreement either didn't address or didn't go far enough in dealing with.
Kerr return adds gloss to Warriors' big surge
So we're not suggesting he'll go off for 25 one of these nights, or end up as the MVP Finals MVP as Iguodala did two years ago. James has won a road game in 29 straight postseason series, so his Cavs must force a Game 5 back in Oakland to keep it going.
Dad charged with suffocating his 7-year-old daughter
A suburban NY man has been accused of suffocating his 7-year-old daughter, whose mother is an NBC vice president. Neil White was treated for his wounds at Montefiore New Rochelle Hospital and charged with second-degree murder.
Unemployment at 16-Year Low in May Jobs Report
In fact, people leaving the labor force was one of the factors that, in May, pushed the unemployment rate down to a historic low. Meanwhile, wage growth remained disappointing, with a 0.2 percent bump from last month and 2.5 percent year-over-year increase.
Governor Ige Signs Climate Change Bill
President Donald Trump withdrew the US from the Paris agreement last week. "We must acknowledge these realities".  Ige says Hawaii is the first state to enact legislation implementing parts of the Paris climate agreement.
Scorpio Tankers (STNG) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows
As per Tuesday, July 21, the company rating was initiated by Bank of America. 43 funds opened positions while 68 raised stakes. The company was upgraded on Friday, July 1 by ABN Amro. (NYSE:STNG) on Tuesday, July 26 to "Neutral" rating.
Economy Watch: Job Growth Tepid in May
But the tiny gains that had been made were knocked off this month, suggesting that fewer dropouts were dropping back in. The falling U-6 points to a strengthening economy despite weak growth during the first three months of the year.
Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.09 EPS
The solar energy provider reported $0.24 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts' consensus estimates of $0.32 by $0.08. Total revenue for the second quarter is expected to be in the range of between $615 million and $635 million.


 

Recommended



Torn Between Qatar, Saudi, Russia's in a Bind in Gulf Crisis

Bill Cosby trial: Accuser says she was 'frozen' after being drugged

Tenant and Leaseholder Charged for Deadly Oakland 'Ghost Ship' Fire

Before Comey testifies, U.S.  intel chiefs have their say

How the opinion polls have changed during the election campaign

IOS 11 quietly and surprisingly adds support for FLAC format

White Bread Is Healthier For Some People Than Whole Grain

Putin: 'It wouldn't make sense for us to interfere' in USA  election

Comey to Congress: President Trump told him "I need loyalty"

Juventus coach Allegri extends contract until 2020






 

Published: Thu, June 08, 2017  
Markets | By Noel Gibbs 



  BBT Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL)






The Firm has two Phase III product candidates, liprotamase also known as Sollpura and blisibimod. It has a 17.52 P/E ratio. The Company's family of companies includes six life insurance companies, eight property and casualty insurance companies, and various non-insurance subsidiaries. CUNNINGHAM SUSAN M sold $2.78 million worth of Noble Energy, Inc. Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) presently has a 10 month price index of 0.84905. The Anchor Bolt Capital Lp holds 3.24M shares with $123.19 million value, up from 1.27 million last quarter.Noble Energy, Inc. has a one year low of $28.29 and a one year high of $42.03. Commonwealth National Bank Of holds 0.02% or 45,494 shares. 24,505 shares were sold by JOHNSON ARNOLD J, worth $1.03M on Wednesday, December 14.In an analyst note issued to clients on 6 June, equity research analysts at the Tudor Pickering equity division upgraded shares of Noble Energy NBL (NYSE:NBL) stock from a Hold to a respectable Buy rating. It has underperformed by 27.06% the S&P500. The target implies a -100% decrease from where the shares are now trading. (NBL) has declined 10.36% since June 7, 2016 and is downtrending. The Company performs contract drilling services with its fleet of 79 mobile offshore drilling units and one floating production storage and offloading unit (NYSE:NE) located globally. Moreover, Donald Smith & Co. Quantitative Systematic Strategies Limited Liability Company has 27,004 shares. The Florida-based Hyman Charles D has invested 1.32% in the stock.Schroder Inv Mngmt Grp reported 1,700 shares stake.
WatchOS 4: the big changes coming to your Apple Watch
					Apple will begin offering a developer preview of watchOS 4 today, with a full release coming to all Apple Watches this fall. Activity and Workout are popular apps on Apple Watch, and they've been updated with more features.
					Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 insider purchases, and 1 insider sale for $7,196 activity.Since December 9, 2016, it had 0 buys, and 7 sales for $7.43 million activity. 10,000 shares were sold by COX EDWARD F, worth $377,600.Analysts expect Noble Energy, Inc. 3,000 shares valued at $118,530 were sold by CAWLEY MICHAEL A on Tuesday, February 7.In other Noble Energy news, Director Jeffrey L. Berenson sold 23,000 shares of Noble Energy stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. On Monday, January 30 the insider STOVER DAVID L sold $1.93M. HEDRICK KIRBY L had sold 10,000 shares worth $410,000.
'Jihadis Next Door': Netflix removes film featuring London Bridge attacker
					"That is a question that will need to be answered by MI5, by the police, as the investigation goes on", he said. British police are stretched by the number of people they believe could potentially commit an act of terrorism.
					Capital Research Global Investors decreased Caterpillar Inc (NYSE:CAT) stake by 1.10M shares to 16.30M valued at $1.51 billion in 2016Q4. Henderson Gru Public Ltd reported 55,485 shares. Of the analysts surveyed by Reuters that track Noble Energy, Inc. Following this scale, a 1 would signify a Strong Buy while a 5 would represent a Strong Sell. Therefore 33% are positive. Noble Energy Inc. had 54 analyst reports since July 21, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel.01/11/2017 - Noble Energy Inc. was upgraded to "outperform" by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. Zurcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonalbank) holds 0.04% of its portfolio in Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) on Wednesday, June 8 with "Overweight" rating. The firm has "Sector Perform" rating by Howard Weil given on Monday, December 14. As per Tuesday, March 29, the company rating was maintained by Deutsche Bank. The stock's market capitalization is 12.55B. Argus Research downgraded Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) on Wednesday, January 4 to "Hold" rating.Investors sentiment decreased to 1.1 in 2016 Q4. (NYSE:NBL) was sold by JOHNSON ARNOLD J on Wednesday, December 14. 69 funds opened positions while 161 raised stakes. The stock has been downbeat for quite some time as is down -9.08% for the last 20 trading days, and now the firm's performance is turning out to be bullish with a 1.22% gain for the week.Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) now has a value of $29.11 while the company's 52 week low is at $28.29, the shares dropped to the 52 week low on 05/31/17. Carmignac Gestion owns 6.75M shares or 2% of their USA portfolio. Jefferies Grp Limited Liability Com owns 117,286 shares or 0.02% of their United States portfolio. Dixon Hubard Feinour And Brown Inc Va invested in 155,995 shares. Louisiana State Employees Retirement has invested 0.05% in Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) or 8,419 shares. Nomura Asset Management Co. On October 3, 2016 the stock rating was set at "Hold" in a report from Societe Generale down from the previous "Buy" rating. First Pacific Advsrs Ltd Liability holds 0.52% of its portfolio in Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) on Monday, December 12. Old Mutual Customised Solutions (Proprietary) Limited has invested 0.11% in Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NBL) to report earnings on August, 2. Pacer Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Noble Energy by 8.0% in the third quarter. (NYSE:NBL). Gam Ag reported 95,411 shares or 0.06% of all its holdings.
Trump picks former Justice Dept. official to head FBI
					In an early morning two-sentence tweet, Trump said he meant to nominate Wray, a high-ranking official in George W. The graduate of Yale Law School led the Enron Task Force when he was with the Department of Justice .
					

 

Like this:

Iraqi President Raps Twin Terrorist Attacks in Tehran

Third London attacker named amid anger over security flaws

Most say Trump is interfering with Russian Federation  investigations

Coats takes center stage with new questions of Trump interference

How Analysts Rated Nokia Oyj (ADR) (NYSE:NOK) Last Week?

Blocking Trump's travel ban limits US security, Senate told

Trump hater Reality Winner leaked secret info

Apple iOS 11's screen capture feature could be nightmare for Snapchat users

Apple adds new MacBooks, iMacs and the 'all-powerful' iMac Pro

Cano, Seager power Mariners past Twins 12-3

Iran's Parliament Attacked, ISIS Terrorists Strike Rival Radical Islamic Regime

Apple HomePod wireless music speaker

Brokerages Anticipate Range Resources Corp. (RRC) to Announce -$0.14 EPS

Heaviest rocket launches India into elite space technology league

Iran shootings: Parliament and Khomeini shrine attacked








Related News


Share














Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO)





Drake Got a Picture of Lil Wayne Tattooed on His Arm





Citigroup:Blue Apron Holdings (APRN) Valuation Insights





International Monetary Fund revises up China's growth view for 2017/18




 
 



 

 
 

     
   
 



    Copyright ©  JoshnAijaBlog, All Rights Reserved  , feedback@joshnaijablog.com         

  

 




BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it eliminated its stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition Co.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology












See more news on Hedge Funds




        BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it eliminated its stake in Mead Johnson Nutrition Co.    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Jun 22, 2017                         - RelSci Data Update                

          Institutional Holdings Changes      




Background Information:


BBT Capital Management LLC »
BBT Capital Management manages multiple strategy funds that focus on event-driven arbitrage, long/short equity and fixed-income arbitrage strategies.




In The News:




                            BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed a new stake in VCA, Inc. in a filing on March 31, 2017                            


                            May 10, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on December 31, 2016 that it increased its stake in Level 3 Communications, Inc.                            


                            March 14, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on December 31, 2016 that it reduced its stake in Avis Budget Group, Inc.                            


                            March 14, 2017  •  RelSci                        









BBT Capital Management LLC »
BBT Capital Management manages multiple strategy funds that focus on event-driven arbitrage, long/short equity and fixed-income arbitrage strategies.






In The News:




 


                                                    BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed a new stake in VCA, Inc. in a filing on March 31, 2017                                                





                                     May 10, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on December 31, 2016 that it increased its stake in Level 3 Communications, Inc.                                                





                                     March 14, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    BBT Capital Management LLC disclosed in a filing on December 31, 2016 that it reduced its stake in Avis Budget Group, Inc.                                                





                                     March 14, 2017  •  RelSci                                








See more news on Hedge Funds









You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















William O. Reimann - President, Chief Compliance Officer, Sole Member at BBT Capital Management Advisors LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





William O. Reimann
President, Chief Compliance Officer, Sole Member at BBT Capital Management Advisors LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Transactions 


William O. Reimann
President, Chief Compliance Officer, Sole Member at BBT Capital Management Advisors LLC



 Overview



Notable Companies


Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 38 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Sid Richardson Bass

Founder at Bass Enterprises




John Kenneth McCarty

Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at BBT Capital Management LLC





Karl Neuding

Chief Executive Officer at Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.




William R. Jones

President at Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.





Herb A. Trulove

Vice President Financial & Marketing Services at Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.




Greg King

Regional President, Alabama at IBERIABANK





Wesley A. Wampler

Vice President, Research & Development at Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.




Riaz Bismilla

Vice President, Operations at Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.





Nancy Lee Bass

Vice President at Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.




W. Robert Cotham

Vice President at Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.







See 28 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 28 More 


 


 Paths to William O. Reimann



            William O. Reimann          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 William O. Reimann






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with William O. Reimann.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



President, Chief Compliance Officer, Sole Member

                                    2012 - Current                


BBT Capital Management Advisors LLC






Professional

                                    Current                


Sid Richardson Energy Services Co.


                  Sid Richardson Energy Services Co. engages in gathering, processing and marketing natural gas. The company is headquartered in Fort Worth, TX.                




Chief Financial Officer

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co.


                  Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co. manufactures and markets carbon black. It also provides gathering, processing and marketing of natural gas and natural gas liquids. The company has four divisions (Richardson Energy Marketing, Sid Richardson Energy Services, Sid Richardson Carbon Company and Richardson Pipeline Products). Sid W. Richardson founded the company in 1947 and is located in Fort Worth, TX.                




Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer

                                    2001 - Prior                


BBT Capital Management LLC


                  BBT Capital Management manages multiple strategy funds that focus on event-driven arbitrage, long/short equity and fixed-income arbitrage strategies.                




Vice President

                                    Prior                


BBT Capital Management, Inc.


                  BBT Capital Management manages multiple strategy funds that focus on event-driven arbitrage, long/short equity and fixed-income arbitrage strategies.                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  BBT Master Fund LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  BBT Master Fund LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  BBT Master Fund LP raised money in a private placement transaction                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Southern Union Co. purchases Sid Richardson Energy Services Co.                                     





 Other Affiliations




              William O. Reimann is affiliated with
                            BBT Capital Management Advisors LLC, Sid Richardson Energy Services Co., Sid Richardson Carbon & Energy Co., BBT Capital Management LLC, BBT Capital Management, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













