

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















BCSF HOLDINGS, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BCSF HOLDINGS, L.P.
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Bcsf Holdings is based out of Boston.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BCSF HOLDINGS, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




bcsf holdings, l.p.


C/O BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT, LP

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02116


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      6175162000







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 06/27/2017
4 filed on 02/17/2017
3 filed on 10/17/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 




BCSF - Birmingham Coldform Fastener Solutions


























































Group Home\
Quality\
Manufacturing\
Markets\
Expertise\
Health and Safety\
Vacancies\
Useful Info\
Contact Us\
 
 




 
BCSF\
About Us\
Products\
Materials\
 
























Wednesday 26th Jul 2017ON-TIME DELIVERIES - BATCH TRACEABILITY - REDUCED LEAD-TIMES - SMALLER QUANTITIES







































BCSF specialises in:

Manufacturing and distributing smaller volumes of special cold formed fasteners on a quick turnaround.





KEY STRENGTHS INCLUDE:











quality assurance
Quality of product and service is driven throughout the whole company by BCSF’s BS EN 9001:2008 IMS approved system.



Quick turnaround
BCSF’s niche is smaller volumes of cold formed special fasteners on quick turnarounds.



Machine shop
All manufacturing is done in-house giving BCSF total control over its production scheduling.



In-house tooling
All tooling is manufactured in house, thus reducing BCSF’s reliance on sub-contractors and helping BCSF offer shorter lead-times to customers.



Industry experience
Many of BCSF’s staff have over 20 years experience manufacturing cold formed fasteners and can advise on best manufacturing practice and product development.



European Material
Unlike a lot of cold headed fasteners in the UK market, all material is traceable to BCSF’s European sources.










BCSF SPECIALISES IN:
Quality assurance
Quality of product and service is driven throughout the whole company by BCSF’s BS EN 9001:2008 IMS approved system.
Quick turnaround
BCSF’s niche is smaller volumes of cold formed special fasteners on quick turnarounds.
Machine shop
All manufacturing is done in-house giving BCSF total control over its production scheduling.
In-house tooling
All tooling is manufactured in house, thus reducing BCSF’s reliance on sub-contractors and helping BCSF offer shorter lead-times to customers.
Industry experience
Many of BCSF’s staff have over 20 years experience manufacturing cold formed fasteners and can advise on best manufacturing practice and product development.
European Material
Unlike a lot of cold headed fasteners in the UK market, all material is traceable to BCSF’s European sources.








 
LATEST NEWS Keep up-to-date with all the latest news from Hydrobolt Group
News – Hydrobolt GroupQatar Petroleum Preferred Vendor July 17, 2017Hydrobolt has recently gained Qatar Petroleum (QP) preferred vendor status.  For some time, Hydrobol […]




 





FREE APP DOWNLOAD
Download the new HYDROBOLTHANDBOOK app for ios freefrom the Apple store.Click here





Brochure download
Download a PDF of the BCSF brochure
Click here

















Birmingham Coldform &
Special Fasteners Ltd
Unit 11
120 Sydenham Road
Sparkbrook
Birmingham UK
B11 1DQ
T: +44 (0) 121 772 0562
F: +44 (0) 121 771 2419
E: info@bcsfltd.com







Pages 
BCSF
About Us
Materials
Products

 
 Payments accepted
Find us on

 







 































 SECGems: BCSF Holdings, L.P. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 BCSF Holdings, L.P. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
3













	 
	
	 C/O BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT, LP
	 
	  200 CLARENDON STREET
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   6175162000    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-10-17BCSF Holdings, L.P.








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001683647
State of Incorporation
DE
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231










Ownership (Form 3,4,5)# Filings





 BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT MEMBER LLC (0001309111) 


2




 Bain Capital Distressed & Special Situations 2016 F LP (0001651587) 


3




 SANKATY CREDIT MEMBER LLC (0001309111) 


1











All related persons/companies# Filings





 BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT MEMBER, LLC (0001309111) 


2




 Bain Capital Distressed & Special Situations 2016 (F), L.P. (0001651587) 


3




 Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. (0001655050) 


3




 SANKATY CREDIT MEMBER, LLC (0001309111) 


3




 Sankaty Capital Corp


3




 Sankaty Credit Opportunities (F), L.P


3







 








db
 
 










































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














BCSF Holdings, L.P., BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






BCSF Holdings, L.P.


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in BCSF Holdings, L.P..










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (3)
CIK Number: 0001683647


Earliest known filing
October 2016
Latest known filing
June 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
BCSF Holdings, L.P. has 3 filings. View BCSF Holdings, L.P. filings.
Similar companiesBCSF Advisors, LP














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about BCSF Holdings, L.P.. 







BCSF Advisors, LP, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






BCSF Advisors, LP


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in BCSF Advisors, LP.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (5)
CIK Number: 0001654856

BCSF Advisors, LP addressC/O BAIN CAPITAL CREDIT, LP200 CLARENDON STREETBOSTON 02116Former nameFormer name of this company was SCC Advisors, LLC, date of change: 2015-10-05.Former name of this company was Sankaty Capital Advisors, LLC, date of change: 2015-11-05.Former name of this company was Sankaty Capital Advisors, LLC, date of change: 2015-11-05.Former name of this company was Sankaty Capital Advisors, LP, date of change: 2016-03-23.
Earliest known filing
November 2015
Latest known filing
April 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
BCSF Advisors, LP has 5 filings. View BCSF Advisors, LP filings.
Similar companiesBCSF Holdings, L.P.














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about BCSF Advisors, LP. 





      Bcsf Holdings, L.p. - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > Bcsf Holdings, L.p.
				> Profile    Bcsf Holdings, L.p.    Profile Insider Purchases Insider Sales News      Affiliations  Large Shareholder at Bain Capital Specialty Finance Inc. (NONE), 2017-06-27                Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.               Financial Service Solutions | Insurance Solutions | BCS Financial          
 Product SolutionsAncillary Income SolutionsTravel Medical InsuranceFixed-Indemnity InsuranceCritical Illness InsuranceAncilyze TechnologiesGroup Universal LifeLarge Claim SolutionsMedical Stop LossPlan Excess of LossProvider ExcessSpecialty Risk SolutionsCyber & privacy liability insuranceAgent errors & omissionsStudent AccidentTravel InsurancePlan Professional LiabilityFinancial Service SolutionsMutual Fund AdministrationInvestment Management PartnershipsAbout UsLeadershipBlue Plan PartnersBoard of DirectorsHistoryFAQBlogCareersContactLet's keep in touch.  





FacebooktwitterlinkedinGoogle+
Phone: 630.472.7700
Let's keep in touch.  




FacebooktwitterlinkedinGoogle+

  

Grow. Diversify. Protect.Enhancing the success of Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies with innovative solutions.
GET STARTED    


ANCILLARY INCOME
SOLUTIONSProduct and distribution solutions designed to diversify revenue and increase income.


LARGE CLAIM
SOLUTIONSBalance sheet protection against large claim activity.


SPECIALTY RISK
SOLUTIONSEnterprise risk management and specialty risk products that meet current needs and address emerging trends.


FINANCIAL SERVICE
SOLUTIONSInvestment vehicles and strategies that optimize the financial strength of the Blue System.Success is in the FamilySupporting, protecting, and enhancing the success of the family of Blue Cross Blue Shield Companies across the country.Our innovative financial and insurance solutions serve Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies and commercial markets across America. In fact, we’re owned by all primary Blue Cross and Blue Shield licensees, and we have insurance licenses in all 50 states. Welcome to the family.All we do. For you.







 From Our Blog

 Data Breach Damages Quickly MountThere has been much discussion in the cyber insurance marketplace about third party damages from a data breach. A hospital in California recently agreed to pay over $240 to each patient who was affected by the breach.
Read more

 Healthcare Industry Struggling with Frequent Cyber AttacksHealthcare organizations are facing almost one cyber attack per month. About 48% of healthcare IT and IT security practitioners have said they had a breach involving loss or exposure of patient information in the past year.
Read moreInterested in joining the community? 
Learn More

FacebooktwitterlinkedinGoogle+
Privacy Policy    |    BCS Financial Corporation &copy 2017. All rights reserved.
                         
  FLALBEL Quote - Friends Life Architas Liquidity BCSF Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Friends Life Architas Liquidity BCSF   FLALBEL:LN          328.70GBp   0.00   0.00%     As of 12:59 AM EDT 7/25/2017     Fund Type   Open-End Pension    52Wk Range   328.70 - 330.20    1 Yr Return   -0.44%    YTD Return   -0.27%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   328.70    52Wk Range   328.70 - 330.20    1 Yr Return   -0.44%    YTD Return   -0.27%    Fund Type   Open-End Pension    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   -    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on 07/25/2017)   328.7    Total Assets (m GBP) (on 06/30/2017)   13.617    Inception Date   -    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        ARMMLRG:LN   Architas Multi-Manager Global    12.60 m 12.85 m 100.00           Profile   Friends Life Architas Liquidity BCSF is an open-end fund incorporated in the United Kingdom. The Fund's objective is to generate a level of income on your investment. The Fund invests in money market instruments.    Address  Friends Life & Pensions LtdPixham End, DorkingSurrey RH4 1QAUnited Kingdom   Phone  Tel.: +44 0845 602 9189   Website   -              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














p&l holdings - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Holdings Records - See Anyones Holdings Records.



Ad
 ·
Holdings.PublicRecordsOfficial.com



See Anyones Holdings Records. Enter A Name & Search For Free!





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records




Web Results

P&L Holdings - LocalHarvest

https://www.localharvest.org/p-l-holdings-M32402


P&L Holdings is a local CSA farm in Bordentown, New Jersey. LocalHarvest helps you find local, organic, farm-fresh food near you.


P & L Holdings, Inc. - CA, DE, LA, MI, and WI - Bizapedia

https://www.bizapedia.com/us/p-l-holdings-inc.html


There are 5 companies that go by the name of P & L Holdings, Inc. in Baton Rouge LA, Grand Rapids MI, Los Angeles CA, Sheboygan WI, and Wilmington DE


P & L HOLDINGS, LLC - LEXINGTON, KY - Company Information

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/plholdingsllc-lexington-ky...


Find the P & L HOLDINGS, LLC business profile in LEXINGTON, KY at DandB.com. Explore the Credibility Review Business Directory to learn more.


P & L HOLDINGS, LLC - Business Located in Connecticut

www.entitysource.com/details/entity/ct_885112/p-amp-l-holdings-llc


Public profile for P & L HOLDINGS, LLC, located at 236 VALLEY ST in WILLIMANTIC, CT 06226


P & L HOLDINGS, INC. - Bizapedia.com

https://www.bizapedia.com/wi/p-l-holdings-inc.html


Discover Company Info on P & L Holdings, Inc. in Sheboygan, WI, such as Contacts, Addresses, Reviews, and Registered Agent.


P & L Holdings Sheboygan, WI 53083 - YP.com

https://www.yellowpages.com/sheboygan-wi/mip/p-l-holdings-504940000


Get reviews, hours, directions, coupons and more for P & L Holdings at 5017 Blackstock Rd, Sheboygan, WI. Search for other Holding Companies in Sheboygan on YP.com.


P & L Holdings 5017 Blackstock Rd Sheboygan, WI - MapQuest

https://www.mapquest.com/.../business-sheboygan/p-l-holdings-358966081


Get directions, reviews and information for P & L Holdings in Sheboygan, WI.


P & L Holdings in Sheboygan - Yahoo Local

https://local.yahoo.com/info-190960095-p-l-holdings-sheboygan


Find P & L Holdings in Sheboygan with Address, Phone number from Yahoo US Local. Includes P & L Holdings Reviews, maps & directions to P & L Holdings in Sheboygan and ...


P&L Holdings, Llc in Broomfield, CO 80021-2752 ...

listings.findthecompany.com/.../P-And-L-Holdings-Llc-in-Broomfield-CO


P&L Holdings, Llc is a holding company located in Broomfield, Colorado. View contact info, employees, products, revenue, and more.


L&L Holding Company

www.ll-holding.com


Overview. L&L Holding Company is a privately held, vertically-integrated real estate company that owns and manages a 6+ million square foot portfolio of Class A ...










Holdings Records - See Anyones Holdings Records.



Ad
 ·
Holdings.PublicRecordsOfficial.com



See Anyones Holdings Records. Enter A Name & Search For Free!





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records



12345Next






Answers







P&L Transportation



P&L Transportation, Inc. formerly Four Rivers Transportation, Inc. based in Wilmington, Delaware, is a railroad holding company in the United States....

more






Holdings of American International Group



Company of China (PICC) through direct and indirect holdings. PICC P&C is China's largest insurer of casualty insurance. AIG owns a controlling share...

more






Eddie Holding



Managerial statistics Team From To Record P W D L GF GA GD W% Tamworth 23 April 1962 14 December 1962 Total References External links Holding's career...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








