

Bedrock Energy, Inc. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Bedrock Energy, Inc.  Funding details


Bedrock Energy, Inc. Industry: Oil and GasCIK Number: 0001434702IRS Number: 020511381Industry name: DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]Address: 8950 SCENIC PINE DRIVE SUITE 100 PARKER 80134Phone number: 303-260-6492Former name: Bedrock Energy, Inc., date of change: 2008-05-08Former name: GulfStar Energy, Inc., date of change: 2010-06-07



Latest news
Bedrock Energy, Inc. raised $1,165,001 from 19 investors on 2012-03-09.



Bedrock Energy, Inc. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2012-03-09Amended Form D$1,750,000$1,165,001$584,999$5,0001906[SEC Filing]2011-03-11Amended Form D$1,750,000$1,165,001$584,999$5,0001906[SEC Filing]2010-10-25New Form D$1,000,000$385,000$615,000$5,000806[SEC Filing]
Bedrock Energy, Inc. raised $1,165,001 in total.



Directors and Executives of Bedrock Energy, Inc.
Key People in Bedrock Energy, Inc.:

ROBERT MCCANNSTEPHEN WARNERJASON SHARPWILLIAM YOUNGW. NICHOLS
Similar companiesBedrock Alternative Funds Ltd, Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, L.P., Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd., BEDROCK RIVER HAVEN CAPITAL LLC, Bedrock Manufacturing Company, LLC, Bedrock Concepts, Inc., Bedrock AAP Memphis TN Investments, LLC, Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC, Bedrock Analytics Corp, Bedrock MHC Partners L.P., Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC, Bedrock Holdings, Inc.








Last visited companies: Erytech Pharma S.A., Equitorial Exploration Corp., FCO Special Opportunities (C1) LP, FIRST PICKS BREAD Co IX L.P., FRANCISCO PARTNERS IV, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC  Funding details


Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC Industry: Other Real EstateCIK Number: 0001689108IRS Number: 813698792Address: 1224 PROSPECT STREET, SUITE 150  LA JOLLA 92037Phone number: 858-729-1833



Latest news
Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC raised $1,725,000 from 24 investors on 2016-11-07.



Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-07New Form D$1,725,000$1,725,0000$15,0002405 06b 4a5[SEC Filing]
Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC raised $1,725,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC
Key People in Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC:

VIRGINIA UYENO-BRIDYDICK BRIDYMichael DyerScott Abell
Similar companiesBedrock Alternative Funds Ltd, Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, L.P., Bedrock Energy, Inc., Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd., BEDROCK RIVER HAVEN CAPITAL LLC, Bedrock Manufacturing Company, LLC, Bedrock Concepts, Inc., Bedrock AAP Memphis TN Investments, LLC, Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC, Bedrock Analytics Corp, Bedrock MHC Partners L.P., Bedrock Holdings, Inc.








Last visited companies: BALESTRA SPECTRUM PARTNERS LLC, BMV Venture Fund 1, LLC, Balestra Global Ltd., Bel Air Acquisition Group, LLC, Bel Air Real Estate Group, LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 







Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC - Other Real Estate- Abell  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1224 Prospect Street, Suite 150  
    La Jolla, CA, 92037Phone: 858-729-1833 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-07


New


$1,725,000


$1,725,000


Equity Only


05 06b 4a5


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Scott Abell 
 Promoter 


 Dick Bridy 
 Promoter 


 Michael Dyer 
 Promoter 


 Virginia Uyeno Bridy 
 Executive, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd., BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd.


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd..










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (7) | Filings (3) | Investment rounds (3)
CIK Number: 0001512391Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd. is on the market less than 5 years.

Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd. addressMAPLES CORPORATE SERVICES LIMITEDUGLAND HOUSE, SOUTH CHURCH STREETGEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104
Company jurisdiction
CAYMAN ISLANDS  
  Entity type
Cayman Islands Exempted Company 
Earliest known filing
February 2011
Latest known filing
January 2013




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd. has 3 filings. View Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd. filings.
Investment RoundsBedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd. recieved 3 investments.
PeopleWe have found 7 people related to Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd..
Similar companiesBedrock AAP Memphis TN Investments, LLC, Bedrock Alternative Funds Ltd, Bedrock Analytics Corp, Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, L.P., BEDROCK BUILDING SUPPLIES INC, BEDROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS I L P, Bedrock Concepts, Inc., Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC, Bedrock Energy, Inc., BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P, BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES US FEEDER FUND LP, Bedrock Holdings, Inc., BEDROCK INDUSTRIES INC, Bedrock Investment Partnership LP, BEDROCK MANAGEMENT LP, Bedrock Manufacturing Company, LLC, Bedrock MHC Partners L.P., Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC, BEDROCK RANCH C #3 JOINT VENTURE, Bedrock Ranch C#3 Joint Venture, BEDROCK RIVER HAVEN CAPITAL LLC, BEDROCK SECURITIES, LLC, BEDROCK TRADING LTD, Bedrock Ventures, Inc.














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd.. 







BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (1)
CIK Number: 0001392337

BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P addressP O BOX 309 GT UGLAND HOUSESOUTH CHURCH ST GEO TOWNGRAND CAY CAY ISL 00000
Earliest known filing
March 2007
Latest known filing
March 2007




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P has 1 filings. View BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P filings.
Similar companiesBedrock Holdings, Inc., Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC, Bedrock MHC Partners L.P., Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC, Bedrock AAP Memphis TN Investments, LLC, Bedrock Concepts, Inc., Bedrock Analytics Corp, Bedrock Manufacturing Company, LLC, BEDROCK RIVER HAVEN CAPITAL LLC, Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd., Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, L.P., Bedrock Ventures, Inc., Bedrock Alternative Funds Ltd, BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES US FEEDER FUND LP, Bedrock Energy, Inc., BEDROCK RANCH C #3 JOINT VENTURE, Bedrock Ranch C#3 Joint Venture, Bedrock Investment Partnership LP, BEDROCK SECURITIES, LLC, BEDROCK BUILDING SUPPLIES INC, BEDROCK INDUSTRIES INC, BEDROCK MANAGEMENT LP, BEDROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS I L P, BEDROCK TRADING LTD














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P. 



































			Bedrock Group – Independent Advice. Privileged Investment Solutions			 
	



















Bedrock Group – Independent Advice. Privileged Investment Solutions



























































Independent advice. Privileged investment solutions






















About Bedrock

Bedrock is a global investment and advisory firm.  We provide:


Innovative solutions to families and institutions


Bespoke investment management services and solutions


Our clients are high net worth families, investment professionals, endowments, foundations and institutions.
Read More






Quick facts




2004


Year of establishment




3rd in Europe 25th Globally


Bloomberg Family Office Rankings (2015)




$10 Billion


Client Assets Under Administration




Global


Fully regulated offices in London, Geneva and Monaco




100


Team of over 100 investment professionals who are industry experts





Read More







Our Difference

Growing our clients’ assets, as opposed to beating a benchmark, is at the very core of our business.
We are committed to putting our clients’ interests first.
We tailor our exceptional service and fund management to meet each client’s unique needs.
Read More





Awards





Best External Asset Manager (2017)





Best Private Investment Office / MFO (2017)





Best External Asset Manager (2016)





Best Private Investment Office / MFO (2016)





The 25th Richest Family Office (2015) Global Ranking
The 3rd Richest Family Office (2015) Europe Ranking





Best Outsourcing Solution (2015)





Best Independent Asset Manager And Family Office (2014)





Best Client Communication and Reporting (2014)





Best Portfolio Management Technology (2014)








Latest News





Bedrock strengthens Swiss and international coverage with new office in Zurich
14 June 2017

Bedrock, the global investment and advisory firm, today announces the opening of its new office in Zurich. With its new Zurich office, located at Stockerstrasse 23, Bedrock is expanding its global network that ...
Read More






Bedrock crowned Best Private Investment Office / Multi-Family Office at the WealthBriefing Swiss Awards 2017
9 February 2017

Bedrock, one of Switzerland’s foremost Independent investment boutiques was last night crowned Best ‘External Asset Manager’ at the 4th WealthBriefing Swiss Awards. The glittering awards dinner was held a...
Read More






Bedrock crowned Best External Asset Manager at the WealthBriefing Swiss Awards 2017
9 February 2017

Bedrock, one of Switzerland’s foremost Independent investment boutiques was last night crowned Best ‘External Asset Manager’ at the 4th WealthBriefing Swiss Awards. The glittering awards dinner was held a...
Read More




Read More















TERMS OF USE




By accessing this site you agree to the following terms and conditions.

The information contained on this site is intended for general information purposes only. Bedrock Group has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this website is accurate at the time of inclusion, however there may be inaccuracies or occasional errors for which Bedrock Group apologises.
All intellectual property rights for this site, including without limitation all copyright, designs and trademarks, belong to us or are used by us with the permission of the owner. You have no right to copy, reproduce, modify, publish, upload, post, transmit or distribute any logo, graphic, text, sound or image on this website without prior written consent, except to the limited extent necessary to access the contents of this site.
All images on the site have been created by Bedrock Group or are taken from Shutterstock. Please see Shutterstock usage termshere. Where we provide links to other websites we have no control over those websites or their content. The provision of such a link does not imply that we endorse the website or the products and services offered through it.
You shall not use this website for any illegal purposes and in particular agree that you shall not send, use, copy, post or allow any posting which is defamatory or obscene within the meaning of the Obscene Publications Act or which is abusive, indecent or in breach of the privacy of any person. You agree not to send any unsolicited promotional or advertising material, spam or similar materials or any volume messages that may interfere with the operation of this website or with the enjoyment of this website by other visitors.
Bedrock Group reserves the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of this website and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
If you are in breach of these terms or of Bedrock Group's Privacy Policy, Bedrock Group may as its option, suspend or block your access to this website and refuse to provide you with any further access to it.

This website is provided to you free of charge, and Bedrock Group accepts no liability for any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from this website. Your sole remedy is to discontinue using this website. These terms may be amended by Bedrock Group from time to time.
Your use of this website and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms & conditions, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this website. We have no liability to you for any loss or damage whatsoever arising in relation to or in any way in connection with this site or those to which it links.












Privacy Policy




Introduction
Bedrock Group takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes how and why we obtain, store and process data which can identify you. We may update this policy from time to time and shall indicate on the website when changes have been made.
The Information we collect
Information is collected from you when you register with us, or when you contribute to or use some of the advanced features on the site. The information we collect is clearly set out on the web page on which we collect it. See for example our Contact form. In addition, we may collect your IP address and use cookies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them.
Why we collect it
We collect information about you so that we can personalise your use of the site, assist your use of the site and improve the site generally. Depending upon your selections for our data protection questions we may arrange for you to be sent information about related products and services from us and carefully selected third parties (see section 4).
Who we disclose it to

4.1 We will not pass on information about you as an individual (as opposed to aggregate information) to anybody without your prior consent.
4.2 In certain circumstances we may need to disclose information about you if you breach this privacy policy or if you breach the Terms and Conditions. We may also disclose or access your account if required to do so by law or by any Governmental body.


Questions?If you have any questions or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact bedrock@redleafpr.com and we will endeavour to respond to you promptly.












×
Disclaimer



The information on this site has been approved  and issued by Bedrock SA and Bedrock Asset Management (UK) Ltd, ( together “Bedrock). Bedrock Asset Management (UK) Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”). This website contains information which is a financial promotion for the purposes of the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance (“FCA Rules”).

Pillar 3 Disclosure

The information does not constitute an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. Persons interested in acquiring any investment should inform themselves as to: (i) the legal requirements within the countries of their nationality, residence, ordinary residence or domicile for such acquisition; (ii) any foreign exchange control requirement which they might encounter on the acquisition or sale of investments; and (iii) the income tax and other tax consequences which might be relevant to the acquisition, holding or disposal of any investment. 

Restrictions on access to the information on this site:  

United Kingdom: 
To the extent investment funds are referred to on this site (together, the “Funds”), they are not recognised collective investment schemes for the purposes of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom (the “Act”). Information on this site is exempt from the restriction in section 238 of the Act on the communication of an invitation or inducement to participate in a collective investment scheme on the grounds that such information is communicated to and/or directed at only persons who are categorised as professional clients or eligible counterparties (within the meaning of the FSA Rules) in relation to the Funds. The investments and investment services to which this site relates are only available to such persons and other persons should not act or rely on it. In particular, any investment or investment service to which this site relates is not intended for persons who are retail clients and will not be made available to retail clients. 

United States: 
The information on this site is not directed at any person in the United States and this site is not intended to be used by any person in the United States. 

Other jurisdictions: 
The information on this site is not directed at any person in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to access and use such information. 

It may be illegal to download the information contained in this site in certain countries and “Bedrock” and its associated companies disclaim all responsibility if you download any information from this site in breach of any law or regulation of the country in which you are residing. 

Applications for shares in the Funds: 
An application for shares in any of the Funds should only be made having read fully the relevant prospectus. It is your responsibility to read such prospectus and by making an application you will be deemed to represent that you have read such prospectus and agree to be bound by its contents. 

Role of “Bedrock” 

 “Bedrock” does not provide investment advice to, nor receives and transmits orders from, investors in the Funds. “Bedrock” does not carry on any other activities for investors that constitute “MiFID or equivalent third country business” for the purposes of the FSA Rules. 

Nothing contained in this site constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice, nor is anything on this site a recommendation to invest in the Funds, any security, or any other instrument, nor is this site to be relied upon when making investment or other decisions. The information on this site is provided solely on the basis that you make your own investment decisions. Should you have any queries about the investment funds referred to on this site, you should contact your financial adviser. 

Risk Factors: 
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value of investments in the Funds, and the income from them may go down as well as up, and investors in the Funds may not get back all or any amount originally invested. Because of this, investors in the Funds are not certain to make a profit on their investments and investors may lose some or all of the money invested in the Funds. Returns may increase or decrease as a result of currency fluctuations. 

Where this site refers to a particular tax treatment, please note that tax treatment depends on the circumstances of each investor in the Fund and may be subject to change in the future. Investors should consult their own tax adviser in order to understand any applicable tax consequences. 

Accuracy of Information: 
The information contained on this site (including any expression of opinion or forecast) has been obtained from, or is based on, sources believed by “Bedrock” and its associated companies to be reliable, but is not guaranteed as to its accuracy or completeness. Such information is provided without obligation on the part of “Bedrock” and its associated companies and on the understanding that any person who acts upon it or changes his investment position in reliance on it does so entirely at his own risk. The information contained on this site does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or an invitation to make an offer to buy or sell shares in any Fund. 

Information posted on this site is current only as at the date it is first posted and may no longer be true or complete when viewed by you. All information contained on this site may be changed or amended without prior notice although neither “Bedrock” nor any of its associated companies undertakes to update this site regularly. 

No Liability: 
The information and opinions contained in this site have been compiled, or arrived at, in good faith and on the basis of publicly available information, internally developed data and sources believed to be reliable as at the date of publication. However, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made by “Bedrock”, its associated companies or any other person as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information contained on this site and no liability is accepted by such persons for the reliability, accuracy or completeness of such information. In no event will “Bedrock” or any of its associated companies or any of their directors or other employees be liable to any person for any direct, indirect, special or consequential losses or damages of any kind arising out of any use of this site or any other hyper-linked site or in reliance on the information and opinions contained in it from time to time, including without limitation, any loss of profit, business interruption, loss of programs or data on your equipment or otherwise. 

You should be aware that the Internet is not a completely reliable transmission medium. Neither “Bedrock” nor any of its associated companies accepts any liability for any data transmission errors such as data loss or damage or alteration of any kind, including, but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential damage, arising out of the use of the products or services referred to herein. In addition, neither “Bedrock” nor any of its associated companies accept any responsibility for the security or confidentiality of information transmitted across the internet to or from “Bedrock” or any of its associated companies and any such transmission of information is entirely at your own risk. 

Notwithstanding any statement on this website, “Bedrock” does not exclude or restrict any duty or liability that it has to its clients under the regulatory system in the United Kingdom. 

Material Interests: 
 “Bedrock”, its associated companies and its and their members and/or directors, officers and/or employees may have holdings in the Funds and may otherwise be interested in transactions that investors effect in the Funds. 

Linked Websites: 
This site may be linked to third party websites or contain information provided by third parties. Neither “Bedrock” nor any of its associated companies makes any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of such websites or information, have not and will not review or update such websites or information. “Bedrock” cautions users of this site that any use made of such websites or information is at their own risk. Neither “Bedrock” nor any of its associated companies accepts any liability arising out of the information contained on any linked website or information on this site provided by a third party and the use of such sites and information is at your own risk. 

Copyright, Trademarks and Other Rights: 
Copyright, trademarks, database rights, patents and all similar rights in this site and the information contained in it are owned by “Bedrock”, its associated companies, their licensors or relevant third party content providers. You may use the information on this site and reproduce it in hard copy for your personal reference only. Such information may not otherwise be reproduced, distributed, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted, in any form or by any means - electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise - without the prior written permission of “Bedrock”. Nothing on this site should be considered as granting any licence or right under any trademark of “Bedrock”, its associated companies or any third party. 

Governing Law: 
You agree that your use of this site and any dispute arising in relation to this site is subject to English law and you submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts in connection with any such dispute. 

  “Bedrock”: 

 “Bedrock Asset Management (UK) Ltd  is a Limited Liability Company Registered in England and Wales with Registration Number 05171393 and Registered Office: 20 Upper Grosvenor Street, London W1K 7PB

Bedrock SA is a Swiss company limited by shares incorporated in Geneva, Switzerland with registered number CH-660-0675004-1 and registered Office at 4 Chemin des Vergers, 1208 Geneva, Switzerland. 






























Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (4) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
CIK Number: 0001661759IRS Number: 475362202Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC is on the market less than 5 years.

Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC address1224 PROSPECT STREET, SUITE 150LA JOLLA 92037
Company jurisdiction
CALIFORNIA  
  Entity type
Limited Liability Company 
Earliest known filing
December 2015
Latest known filing
December 2015




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC has 1 filings. View Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC filings.
Investment RoundsBedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC recieved 1 investments.
PeopleWe have found 4 people related to Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC.
Similar companiesBedrock AAP Memphis TN Investments, LLC, Bedrock Alternative Funds Ltd, Bedrock Analytics Corp, Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, L.P., Bedrock Brazil Feeder Fund, Ltd., BEDROCK BUILDING SUPPLIES INC, BEDROCK CAPITAL PARTNERS I L P, Bedrock Concepts, Inc., Bedrock Energy, Inc., BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES FEEDER FUND L P, BEDROCK GLOBAL THEMES US FEEDER FUND LP, Bedrock Holdings, Inc., BEDROCK INDUSTRIES INC, Bedrock Investment Partnership LP, BEDROCK MANAGEMENT LP, Bedrock Manufacturing Company, LLC, Bedrock MHC Partners L.P., Bedrock NOVA Arlington Investments, LLC, BEDROCK RANCH C #3 JOINT VENTURE, Bedrock Ranch C#3 Joint Venture, BEDROCK RIVER HAVEN CAPITAL LLC, BEDROCK SECURITIES, LLC, BEDROCK TRADING LTD, Bedrock Ventures, Inc.














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Bedrock Davita La Grange KY Investments, LLC. 





