





Albert Benchimol, Association of Bermuda Insurers & Reinsurers: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Albert Benchimol

Second Deputy Chairman,
Association of Bermuda Insurers & Reinsurers






Career History




Second Deputy Chairman
Association of Bermuda Insurers & Reinsurers, 1/2017-PRESENT


President/CEO
Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, 5/2012-PRESENT


Exec VP/CFO
Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, 1/2011-5/2012



Partnerre Ltd, 9/2010-12/2010


Exec VP/CFO/CEO:Cap Markets
Partnerre Ltd, 6/2007-9/2010


Exec VP/CFO
Partnerre Ltd, 4/2000-6/2007


Senior VP/Treasurer
Reliance Group Holdings Inc, 8/1998-4/2000


VP/Treasurer
Reliance Group Holdings Inc, 1994-1998


Various Positions
Bank of Montreal, 1982-1989


Show More









Website:
www.abir.bm






Corporate Information
Address:

1445 New York Avenue
7th Floor
Washington, DC 20005
United States


Phone:
1-202-783-2434


Fax:
1-202-638-0936


Web url:
www.abir.bm











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Mcgill University
MBA, 1982


Mcgill University
Bachelor's Degree, 1979








Memberships



Board Memberships




Axis Specialty Ltd


Board Member, PRESENT




Axis Specialty Holdings Bermuda Limited


Board Member, PRESENT




Association of Bermuda Insurers & Reinsurers


Deputy Chairman, 1/2017-PRESENT




Axis Capital Holdings Ltd


Board Member, 1/2012-PRESENT




Paris RE Holdings Ltd


Board Member, 8/2009-PRESENT



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































	
                AXIS Management - About Us - AXIS Capital
            







 

















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.















































                    Turn on more accessible mode
                



                    Turn off more accessible mode
                

















Locations
Locations
AXIS Insurance
AXIS Reinsurance
AXIS Accident & Health




Contact Us
<div style="width:90px !important;">Contact Us</div>




Client Login
AXIS AgenSee
AXIS Submit







It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.








Insurance




Browse International Insurance


Property & Casualty
Energy
Marine & Aviation
International MGA
Claims


Professional Lines
AXIS at Lloyd's
Capital Risk Solutions
Country Specific
Accident & Health


See All



Browse U.S. Insurance


Property
Casualty
Program Business
Professional Lines
Claims



Accident & Health


See All






Reinsurance




Browse By Type


Agriculture
Credit & Surety
AXIS Re Ventures
Weather & Commodity
Ocean Marine
Mortgage


Property
Catastrophe Excess of Loss
Property Pro Rata and Per Risk
Engineering


Liability
General Liability / Multiline
Motor
Professional Liability
Workers' Compensation





Browse Locations


Asia Pacific
Bermuda
Canada
Europe
United States
Business Leaders
Claims








Accident & Health




Browse Insurance


International
Personal Accident
Specialty Health
Travel
Claims


United States
Accident
Specialty Health
Travel





Browse Reinsurance


International
Accident
Health
Life
Specialty Programs
Travel
Claims


North America
Accident
Health
Specialty Programs
Travel








Investors




Investor Information



Stock Information
Financial Reports
SEC Filings
2016 Year in Review
Corporate Governance
News & Events
Email Alerts
FAQs





Stock Price
Financial Updates
Ratings




$65.00
+0.28 (0.43%)
Minimum20-minute delay



Recent Earnings Releases 
Latest Webcasts 


A+ (Strong) Stable Outlook Standard & Poor's
A+ (Superior), Stable Outlook A.M. Best Company, Inc.


See All 






Careers

About Axis




About AXIS



Financial Strength & Ratings
Management
Board of Directors
Claims
FATCA Forms
Solvency II
News





Recent News
Ratings



AXIS Capital Approved to Launch Lloyd’s Managing AgencyJul 14, 2017
News Archive


A+ (Strong) Stable Outlook Standard & Poor's
A+ (Superior), Stable Outlook A.M. Best Company, Inc.
























Send us an email:
*Required fields


Type of Inquiry*



Insurance Solutions
Reinsurance Solutions
Accident & Health Solutions
Investors
Careers



Inquiry Type is required.

Name*:


Name is required.

Company/Organization:


Country:


Email*:


Email is required.
Email is missing or in an invalid format.

Phone Number*:


Phone is required.
Phone number must be a valid U.S. or international number.

Questions & Comments*:



Questions / Comments are required.





*Required fields




Submit



Cancel














Please Note
You are about to leave the AXIS Capital site.


Continue



Cancel











Our Culture and Values
AXIS is a global insurer and reinsurer, providing our clients and distribution partners a broad range of risk transfer products and services, meaningful capacity and unquestioned financial strength.
We nurture an ethical, entrepreneurial and disciplined culture that promotes outstanding client service, intelligent risk taking and superior risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders.
At AXIS we nurture an ethical, risk-aware, achievement-oriented culture that promotes professionalism, responsibility, integrity, discipline, and entrepreneurialism.













Home
    
        >
    
        About AXIS
    

    > Management


                Management
                
            




About AXISFinancial Strength & RatingsManagementBoard of DirectorsClaimsFATCA FormsSolvency IINewsNews ReleasesNews Archive






















Albert A. Benchimol
President & CEOAlbert A. Benchimol was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited in May 2012 and has served as a director since January 2012. Mr. Benchimol joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January 2011. He formerly served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PartnerRe Ltd. from April 2000 through September 2010, and Chief Executive Officer of PartnerRe Ltd.’s Capital Markets Group business unit from June 2007 through September 2010. Prior to joining PartnerRe, Mr. Benchimol was Senior Vice President and Treasurer at Reliance Group Holdings, Inc. for 11 years and was previously with the Bank of Montreal from 1982 to 1989.









Conrad D. Brooks
Conrad D. Brooks is General Counsel of AXIS Capital, where he has global oversight of legal, compliance and regulatory operations across all AXIS offices. Prior to his appointment to the role in January 2017, he served for nearly a decade as the company’s Corporate Counsel. Mr. Brooks joined AXIS from McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP (now Dentons), where he was a partner and served as practice team leader in the firm’s corporate and securities practice. A former officer in the United States Navy, Mr. Brooks graduated magna cum laude from the Georgia State University College of Law. He received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Illinois and earned a Master of Business Administration (Finance) from Old Dominion University.









Christopher N. DiSipio
CEO, AXIS Accident & HealthChristopher N. DiSipio has been Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Accident & Health since February 2009 and has served as an Executive Officer since September 2012. Mr. DiSipio develops and implements our Accident & Health strategy worldwide. He has 31 years of experience in the insurance industry, specifically in the Accident & Health business. Prior to joining AXIS, he had been with the Chubb Corporation since 1999, most recently as the Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President for Life, Accident & Health. Mr. DiSipio began his insurance career in 1984 as an underwriter with CNA Insurance Company, where he helped start and subsequently led the company’s International Accident & Health Division.









Jan Ekberg 
Interim Chief Executive Officer, AXIS Re Jan Ekberg serves as Interim CEO of AXIS Re, previously serving as President and Chief Underwriting Officer of AXIS Re Europe. He has spent more than 40 years in the (re)insurance industry, with over 20 years of experience of managing underwriting business units. Mr. Ekberg joined AXIS Re Europe in 2004 shortly after its formation and has been integral to establishing AXIS Re Europe as a leading international reinsurer. During his tenure at AXIS, he has led the Property Risk team and the Engineering team. Before joining AXIS, Mr. Ekberg served in various underwriting and management positions at Nordisk Re in Copenhagen, Employers Re and GE Frankona in Munich. He spent the first nine years of his career in primary insurance.









Eric Gesick
Chief Risk and Actuarial OfficerEric Gesick was appointed Chief Risk and Actuarial Officer in January 2015.  From October 2012 through 2014, he led the Company’s actuarial function and oversaw all pricing and reserving activities. Mr. Gesick has over 20 years of experience in the insurance and reinsurance industry in the U.S., Bermuda and European markets including actuarial, underwriting and operational roles. Prior to joining AXIS in October 2012, he served as Chief Actuarial Officer for PartnerRe. Mr. Gesick is a Fellow of the Casualty Actuarial Society and a member of the Academy of Actuaries. He also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) professional designation.









Joseph Henry
Chief Financial OfficerJoseph  Henry joined AXIS Capital as Chief Financial Officer in June 2012. He previously had served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of XL Insurance since 2006. From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Henry was the Global Controller for XL Global Services and also served as the interim Corporate Controller for XL Capital from 2005 to 2006. 
Prior to joining XL, he held various senior leadership positions at Meadowbrook Insurance Group including Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Henry began his career at KPMG where he became an Audit Partner before leaving to join the Hanover Insurance Companies as its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in 1987.









Noreen McMullan
Chief Human Resource OfficerNoreen McMullan joined AXIS Capital as Chief Human Resources Officer in September 2014 and is responsible for Human Resources strategy and the delivery of human resources services worldwide.  Ms. McMullan has over 26 years of leadership experience in corporate Human Resources for the financial services industry.  Before joining AXIS, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer for FirstKey Holdings, a diversified specialty finance company. Prior to FirstKey, she led Human Resources at Bank of America’s Legacy Asset Services Group.  Additionally, Ms. McMullan spent 13 years at Morgan Stanley in several different capacities, including Human Resources Lead for the C-level executives and their organizations, Chief Operations Officer for Global Human Resources and Head of Human Resources and Chief Administrative Officer for a Morgan Stanley subsidiary.  Previously, she was with Citigroup from 1988 to 1998.









David Phillips
Chief Investment OfficerDavid Phillips joined AXIS Capital as Chief Investment Officer in April 2014. With more than 19 years experience in investments, Mr. Phillips previously served as Head of Investments for PartnerRe where he had management and asset allocation responsibilities for public fixed income, public equities, private equities, and alternative fixed income. Prior to PartnerRe, he was the Director of Research and a Portfolio Manager at Oppenheimer Capital, an institutional money manager based in New York City.  Mr. Phillips is a CFA charter holder and received an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a BA from Princeton University.









Richard Strachan
Chief Operations OfficerRichard Strachan joined AXIS in April 2002. He is currently the Chief Operations Officer for the AXIS Group with responsibility for Ceded Reinsurance, Group Broker relationship management, Operations, IT, Facilities, Vendor management and Business continuity. Previously he served as Chief Operating Officer for AXIS Insurance and before that as Chief Claims Officer for the group. Based in Bermuda, he is a member of the AXIS Executive Committee and Group Reserving Committee. Mr. Strachan has over 30 years of experience in the insurance and reinsurance industry. Prior to joining AXIS, he managed claims for Syndicates 488 and 2488 at Lloyd's, initially with Charman Underwriting Agencies, then Tarquin PLC and latterly with ACE Global Markets.









Linda Ventresca
Corporate Development OfficerLinda Ventresca has responsibility for investor relations and corporate development for AXIS. She joined the company as Vice President, Corporate Development in January 2003. Prior to joining AXIS, she was an investment associate at MMC Capital, Inc., where she worked extensively with AXIS as a portfolio company of the Trident II fund. Previously, she had been a member of the Financial Institutions Investment Banking Groups at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette and UBS Securities, LLC.  Linda holds an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School and a B.S.E. in Bioengineering from the University of Pennsylvania.









Peter Wilson
CEO, AXIS InsurancePeter Wilson was appointed Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Insurance in April 2014.  He joined AXIS in May 2013 as President of U.S. Insurance. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Wilson served as President and Chief Operating Officer for CNA Specialty, a unit of CNA Financial Corporation, which is focused on professional and management liability, healthcare, surety and other specialized insurance products and services.  During his more than 20-year tenure with CNA Financial Corporation, Mr. Wilson served in a number of leadership positions and had management responsibility for a diverse group of business units operating both in the U.S. and internationally.  Prior to CNA, he served as an Executive Vice President at AIG, where he managed AIG’s commercial public D&O business in the U.S.













Albert A. Benchimol, President & CEO 





Conrad D. Brooks, General Counsel 





Christopher N. DiSipio, CEO, AXIS A&H 





Jan Ekberg , Interim CEO, AXIS Re  





Eric Gesick, Chief Risk and Actuarial Officer 





Joseph Henry, CFO 





Noreen McMullan, Chief Human Resource Officer 





David Phillips, Chief Investment Officer 





Richard Strachan, Chief Operations Officer 





Linda Ventresca, Corporate Development Officer 





Peter Wilson, CEO, AXIS Insurance 





















Locations
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Fair Disclosure Policy
Site Map


© 2017 AXIS Capital. All rights reserved.
 



























Q&amp;A: Albert Benchimol, Axis Capital Holdings Ltd. | Business Insurance



























Login
Register / Subscribe




Login
Register Subscribe




Risk Management

Cyber Risks
Disaster Management
Reinsurance
More Risk Management



Workers Comp

Prescription Drug Management
Workers Comp Cost Control
Workplace Safety
More Workers Comp



International

EMEA
Asia-Pacific
Latin America
BI France
BI Germany
BI Italy



Multimedia

Photos
Podcasts
Videos
More Multimedia



Opinion

Editorials
Columns
Perspectives
Editorial Cartoons
More Opinion



Research and Reports

Directories
White Papers
Risk Perspectives



People

Comings & Goings
Up Close
Executive Q&A's



Awards and Events




Jobs







Current Issue














Risk Management

Q&A: Albert Benchimol, Axis Capital Holdings Ltd.




Reprints



10/26/2014 12:00:00 AM


Share

Facebook
LinkedIn
Google +
Twitter


P/C Insurers
Bermuda
More +
Less -





Albert Benchimol  



Albert Benchimol was named president and CEO of Bermuda-based Axis Capital Holdings Ltd. in May 2012 and has been a company director since January 2012. He joined Axis Capital as executive vice president and chief financial officer in January 2011. Previously, he  had been executive vice president and CFO of PartnerRe Ltd., from April 2000 through September 2010, and CEO of the company's Capital Markets Group unit from June 2007 through September 2010. In a recent interview with Business Insurance Associate Editor Matthew Lerner, Mr. Benchimol talked about the critical issues facing insurers and reinsurers this year. Edited excerpts follow.Q: What are the greatest challenges to both the insurance and reinsurance businesses in 2014?A: I actually think the insurance business is doing very well. We've had generally close to three years of pricing improvements, and based on the various metrics that I look at in terms of renewal pricing, I would say that a little less than half of them are still showing some pricing improvement, a handful are flat, and the rest are starting to come down. In those areas where pricing is inadequate, we are demonstrating the necessary discipline.On the reinsurance side, it's a little bit different. The significant amount of excess capacity is such that many of our competitors are using price to sustain their relevance as opposed to focusing on the true differentiators of adding value to clients.Given the price competition in select areas, we've been unable to continue support for certain lines, and while that's unfortunate, it's just the reality of the business we're in.Q: How are regulatory issues affecting the insurance and reinsurance sectors?A: I think there's both a political element and a pure regulatory component at work here. The political component is that the distinction between banking and insurance isn't always understood by legislators, who under this pretext put pressure on regulators to enact new and expanded rules in the financial services sector.On the pure regulatory side, I'm all in favor of transparency, but let's make sure we have consistent demands from the regulators so we don't have to supply different types of reports and data to different regulators. We'd like to see global consistency in the demand for information and how it's reported.Finally, we would like a reduction in local protectionism, so that we can insure that good products and services are made available to all markets. Those would be my messages to regulators.Q: How does the pressure of alternative capital bear upon the reinsurance space?A: Clearly the excess capacity in the industry is leading to increased competition. Primary companies are buying less reinsurance, so you've got a situation where there is significant growth in capital coupled with declining demand for the product, and that's creating some price pressure. One way we're dealing with it is by looking to compete in areas where there is less of this commodity-type capacity, as with our initiatives in the global agriculture reinsurance business and the weather and commodities risk area.Q: What are your views on consolidation? Would Axis participate?A: Put me in the camp of those who think there will be fewer reinsurers going forward, and in particular, smaller reinsurers whose value proposition is generally limited to providing complementary capacity are those that are most threatened in this environment. In terms of Axis, I see little value in acquiring one of these smaller reinsurers that only provides capacity.On the primary side, we would actually look at a number of acquisitions, particularly bolt-on acquisitions probably accident and health being uppermost in my mind.









Related Stories

Q&A: James Klein, American Benefits Council
Q&A: Ben Beeson, Lockton Cos. L.L.C.
Q&A: Dominic Burke, Jardine Lloyd Thompson Group P.L.C.












About

About Us
Customer Service
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Advertise

Advertise
Event Sponsorship
Media Kit





Readers Tools

Request Reprints
Register Online





Resources

Awards
Comings & Goings
Directories & Rankings
Diversity & Inclusion Institute
Editorial Calendar
Events
Global Focus
Perspectives
Risk Perspective
Webinars
White Papers












.
Privacy Policy • Terms of Use
COPYRIGHT © 2017 BUSINESS INSURANCE HOLDINGS













Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #85370760-6ffb-11e7-8152-d7dfc3ea708a
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #85710320-6ffb-11e7-80ab-1b9b9f0f906d
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #859ea2d0-6ffb-11e7-9e98-7563b7616d3c
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












Albert A. Benchimol: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 7:06 PM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Albert A. Benchimol  President, Chief Executive Officer & Director, AXIS Capital Holdings LimitedAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships59$8,538,281As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Albert A. Benchimol has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Axis Capital Holdings Limited since May 3, 2012. Mr. Benchimol served as the Chief Financial Officer at PartnerRe Ltd. He is responsible for all aspects of PartnerRe’s global financial operations which includes investment and asset management, financial reporting and control, treasury, tax planning and capital management. Mr. Benchimol served as the Chief Financial Officer at Axis Capital Holdings ... Limited from January 17, 2011 to June 2012 and also served as its Executive Vice President from January 2011 to May 3, 2012. He takes care of investor and rating agency relations. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of PartnerRe Ltd. from April 1, 2000 to December 31, 2010 and served as Principal Accounting Officer. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Capital Markets of PartnerRe Ltd. from June 2007 to December 31, 2010. Mr. Benchimol is employed at PartnerRe Asset Management Corporation. He was working at Reliance Group Holdings Inc. from 1989 to 2000. He served as the Senior Vice President and Treasurer from 1998 to 2000 and as a Vice President and Treasurer from 1994 to 1998. From 1989 to 1994, he served as a Vice President and Assistant Treasurer. Prior to that, Mr. Benchimol was employed at Bank of Montreal from 1982 to 1989. Mr. Benchimol has been a Director of Axis Capital Holdings Limited since January 1, 2012. He served as a Director of PARIS RE Holdings Ltd. since October 2009.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
AXIS HousePembroke, -- HM 08BermudaPhone: 441-496-2600Fax: 441-405-2600
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentPresident, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorAXIS Capital Holdings Limited
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
PartnerRe Ltd.PARIS RE Holdings Ltd.PartnerRe Asset Management Corporation


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,100,000Total Annual Compensation$1,100,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$4,999,957All Other Compensation$488,299
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$3,538,324Total Short Term Compensation$1,100,000Other Long Term Compensation$5,488,256Total Calculated Compensation$8,538,281




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBronislaw Edmund Masojada Chief Executive Officer & Executive DirectorHiscox Ltd$2.1MJoseph M. Zubretsky Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorThe Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.$538.5KScott A. Carmilani Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentAllied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG$1.0MAlan B. Colberg Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorAssurant, Inc.$955.0KEdward Joseph Noonan Chairman, CEO, Chairman of the Validus Group and CEO of the Validus GroupValidus Holdings, Ltd.$985.6KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AXIS Capital Holdings Limited, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























AXIS Capital Holdings' (AXS) CEO Albert Benchimol on AXIS Capital to Acquire Novae Conference Call (Transcript) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»AXIS Capital Holdings' (AXS) CEO Albert Benchimol on AXIS Capital to Acquire Novae Conference Call (Transcript)Jul. 6.17 | About: Axis Capital (AXS) AXIS Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS)
AXIS Capital to Acquire Novae Conference Call
July 06, 2017 08:30 AM ET
Executives
Linda Ventresca - IR
Albert Benchimol - CEO
Joe Henry - CFO
Peter Wilson - CEO of AXIS Insurance
Matthew Fosh - CEO of Novae
Analysts
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley
Elyse Greenspan - Wells Fargo
Meyer Shields - KBW
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator 
Good morning and welcome to the AXIS Capital to Acquire Novae Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded.
I would now like to turn conference over to Linda Ventresca. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Linda Ventresca
Thank you and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I’m happy to welcome you to our conference call to discuss the announcement of our acquisition of Novae Group. The offer announcement, press release and investor presentation for this transaction were issued yesterday evening after the market close. If you would like copies of any of these please visit the Investor Information section of our website www.axiscapital.com.
We have set aside an hour for today’s call, which is also available as an audio webcast through the Investor Information section of our website. A replay of the teleconference will be available by dialing 1888-317-6003 in the United States, and through the international number 1-412-317-6061. The conference code for both replay dial-in numbers is 7582829. With me on today’s call are Albert Benchimol, our President and CEO, Peter Wilson, CEO of AXIS Insurance, Matthew Fosh, CEO of Novae and Joe Henry, our Chief Financial Officer.
Before I turn the call over to Albert, I will remind everyone that the statements made during this call, including the question-and-answer session, which are not historical fact, may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to the expected benefit to the offer for Novae, background to and reasons for the offer, information on the prospects of AXIS or Novae and future capital expenditures, expenses, revenues, earnings, synergies, economic performance, and future prospects.
Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect expected results and are based on certain key assumptions. Many factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in any forward-looking statements, including risks relating to the successful integration of Novae with the Company, higher than anticipated costs relating to the integration of Novae, investment required in Novae to realize expected benefits and facts relating to Novae that may impact the timing or amount of benefit realized from the offer that are unknown to the Company.
AXIS expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect any change in Novae’s expectations with regards thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based after the date of this presentation or to keep any other information contained in this presentation up-to-date.
Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements, which speak only of the date of this presentation. In addition, we urge to review the other disclaimer set forth in the presentation here, materials including the responsibility under the United Kingdom rule of the takeover panel.
With that, I’d like to turn the call over to Albert. 
Albert Benchimol
Thank you, Linda, and good morning to everyone. This is Albert Benchimol from AXIS Capital. Thank you all for joining this call. We’re very excited about the news issued last night about AXIS' proposal to Acquire Novae. This represents a new milestone and the continued evolution of AXIS as a 21st Century specialty insurer and reinsurer. As you’ll hear in more details during the call today, this is both strategically and financially compelling.

Let me share some of the highlights and I’m doing so on Slide 2. This acquisition strongly aligned with our strategic vision for AXIS Insurance with low execution risk. It increases our scale and leadership in international specialty insurance. It brings to the table a highly complementary portfolio of business, which enables enhanced growth for the combined entity. It significantly strengthens our distribution platform and not only does this deliver all of the aforementioned strategic benefits, but it is also financially compelling for AXIS shareholders, we’ll spend more time on these points throughout the call.
On Slide 3, we show the key terms, structure, financing and timing for the proposed acquisition of Novae. The proposed transaction is a 100% acquisition of Novae Group PLC at a price of 700 pence per share in cash, for a total equity value of $604 million. This represents 1.5 times Novae's tangible book value as of December 31, 2016 and 29% premium to the 30-day average closing price as of yesterday. The transaction is of course subject to all customary and regulatory approvals, as well as approval by Novae shareholders with expected completion in the fourth quarter of this year.
Matthew Fosh, who is here on the call with us today, will be appointed Executive Chair, Europe and Rob Forster, who is Novae's Chief Underwriting Officer will be appointed to a Senior Underwriting Management Role on the leadership team for AXIS Insurance's International Division here in London. We’re excited to welcome the Novae team to AXIS, and believe that their expertise in London international specialty markets will be valuable in insuring the smooth integration and driving the success of the AXIS Novae combination.
Turning to Slide 4, many of you have followed our story. As you can see from this slide much has been accomplished since our inception in 2001 and indeed in recent years. We've delivered compound annual growth and diluted book value per share adjusted for dividends of over 12% since 2002. We’ve achieved this excellent value creation through the execution of a clear strategy rooted in being a leader in specialty insurance and reinsurance businesses. Critical to this execution is portfolio optimization.
For those of you who know us we've been delivering very diligently on our plan to deliver less volatile, more consistent performance, across our portfolio with superior return. As we move through this presentation you'll see a number of parallels to the Novae story and that's one of key reasons that we believe that this combination will be successful. Before I introduce Matthew Fosh, CEO of Novae, I do want to say that we've been following Novae for many years and we've been very impressed with the work that you and your team Matthew have done to focus Novae to make it more profitable and to really position it as a very strong leader in the Lloyds market.
I think this is a perfect combination of our businesses to create a London market leader and I welcome you and your team to Axis. Matthew.
Matthew Fosh
Well thank you Albert and good day Ladies and Gentlemen. Just a bit on the two slides I have in here in front of you to give you a sense of Novae that perhaps you don't know that well. We are Lloyds business -- a pure Lloyds business and we're one of the top players in Lloyds if you see that top right $1.2 billion of gross premium written in '16, you'll note here the diversity across the three divisions there below and I'll come to second in the changes that we've undertaken there to make the business fit for the world that it is now rather than it was, come to that in a second.
Novae has an established reputation as a leader in the London market place, we're a top ten syndicate at Lloyds and an operating history of over 30 years, we were founded in the mid-80's; and the return on equity averaging 13.2% over the last five years after adjusting for the recent Ogden rate changes which impacted the '16 results, but other than that 13.2% we set over last five. In terms of investment portfolio we have a high-quality liquid investment portfolio and we have 350 employees primarily in London. So that's the background of the whole business, if you turn to that next slide it gives you a sense of the detail behind that.

Recently, we announced plans to refocus our portfolio on a select group of core classes. Now that is a plan that -- we completed that plan in May and it's been underway for a while, basically what it means, is saying, you need in today's market to focus on those classes where you have a demonstrable and sustainable competitive advantage. As the markets got tougher so you need to focus on where you could add value and bring relevance to the brokers and so on, that you see going on here in the bottom right hand corner, you see that dark area where we show the growth over time over four-five years of those invest classes where we have a proven track record and that's what we talk about for the invest and maintain classes.
Now we demonstrated our commitment to a portfolio that delivers consistent sustainable and attractive return by doing the difficult thing of exiting over a £130 million of gross written premium over that same period while growing our invest and maintain classes by over 550 over those four-five years you see there.
And that's what you need to do, as the markets got tougher you have to be ever clearer about where you have a competitive advantage. And we believe the portfolio as it stands today fits perfectly with AXIS, the AXIS strategic vision and if we put the two together, the combined is uniquely positioned now to maximize the potential of Novae and we can leverage the tremendous assets that AXIS has, the reach, the bandwidth, the management bench strength and all that which allows us to exploit the advantages of having created a portfolio that we have now.
So we're very excited. Peter, you're next I think.
Peter Wilson
Thank you, Matthew. I think you can -- you'll be able to tell from the comments that Matthew has made and then the comments that I will make from the AXIS perspective why we view this as such a compelling combination.
I’d like to turn your attention to Slide 7 if you will. I'll spend some time discussing just how strongly this acquisition aligns with the AXIS Insurance strategy. We value expertise and insight in specialty risks. Together AXIS and Novae create a Top 10 Lloyd’s franchise with an established reputation as a leader in the London market.
Novae’s underwriting teams bring deep expertise and attractive classes which AXIS has been looking to grow, such as specialty property facilities, marine liabilities and cyber. The addition of these talented underwriters gives us a chance to take more lead position and also brings longstanding relationships with over 650 cover holders providing increased access to attractive more consistent small account business.
Portfolio optimization is also critical to our strategy, Novae’s business is largely complementary to AXIS existing portfolio bringing the benefit of diversification without significant attrition. And such as Novae’s portfolio that is added to our business, Novae also bring an appreciation of innovation having brought a number of new products to market including the first computer [crime] [Ph] product. The access to rich underwriting data can also be leveraged to optimize those portfolios and improve underwriting, pricing and claims insights. Novae has an underwriting culture that is focused, discipline and highly compatible with the AXIS vision.
Strategic relationships with our business partners are important to us. In addition to increasing the AXIS profile at Lloyd, this transaction will also increase scale and relevance with our strategic broker partners and third-party capital providers. Its market leading binder business provides the potential to extend and other lines, as well as unique franchise and attractive local UK specialty business.
Finally, we can't thrive as a business without an efficient operating platform. Through this combination opportunities arise to increased operating efficiency and drive meaningful cost synergy and top-line growth, we'll be able to leverage recent investments already made in our London in Lloyd's operation. Novae's market leading binder operation, when combined with AXIS has greater scale to support our efficiency investment and expansion into other lines or risks. And AXIS' company platform creates flexibility for Novae's clients and distribution partners with the potential to reduce acquisition costs.

I'll ask you now to turn to Slide 8. Slide 8 with the acquisition of Novae, AXIS will increase its scale and market relevance in the international specialty insurance space. The pro forma company will be a $2 billion player in the London Specialty Market, a Top 10 reinsurers, insurer at Lloyd's and a leading underwriter of attractive binder business at Lloyd's. Furthermore, we meaningfully enhance our position in the emerging cyber insurance space strengthening our leading global professional lines franchise. All in addition to AXIS’s position as a top 10 U.S. excess in surplus lines player.
Turn it over to Slide 9. We set out a summary at a pro forma business mix on Slide 9, you can see that Novae increases the contribution of Specialty Insurance. Lloyd's and International Specialty Insurance business to AXIS, which is consistent with the strategic vision we set out for AXIS. The pro forma business writes over 6 billion of gross premium of which 61% is insurance business, 24% is from Lloyd's and 51% is written outside the U.S. and Bermuda.
Turning to Slide 10. The table on Slide 10 demonstrates the complementarily of our two portfolios. Novae's premier marine and cyber franchise is providing AXIS with deeper and broader underwriting expertise in this Invest classes and the combination with Novae brings us lead capabilities in these and many other specialty classes. Novae also brings the number of new classes to our portfolio including UK and European property business focused on SME and specialty home owners, which is additive to our existing property book.
As we go deeper into the profile of our respective portfolios, it was remarkable just how complementary we found these portfolios to be. Not all of this can be captured in this table, were Novae is strong as presence, leadership and scale we tend not to be in the business line and our sub scale or want to grow, where Novae rights a large portion of a class to business under binders we are no more oriented towards open market business. Therefore, levels of pure overlap were surprisingly low. We’re comfortable with the benefits combining our two portfolios more than offset and the impact of any overlap.
Turning to Slide 11, it shows the combination with AXIS while enhance Novae's top line growth in multiple ways, these include access to more distribution channels for certain lines including UK and European property facilities and associated UK liability business. Access to broader Lucas [ph] platform, I guess we can say the AXIS platform. The ability to write larger lines and retain more business, increased relevance with strategic broker and increased reinsurance purchasing power and optimization.
We also believe there are select opportunities to advance AXIS reinsurance plans for Lloyd's. Finally, the combination may allow AXIS and Novae to expand our third-party capital initiatives which allow us to do more for our client and deliver attractive fee income.
And finally, on Slide 12, it shows the combined company will also benefit from the significantly enhance distribution platform featuring increased relevance and scale with Lloyd's brokers. Further, we’ll have greater access to more stable attractive binding authority business through Novae's market leading binder distribution network of over 650 cover holders. With more than 50% of Novae business produced to cover holders pro forma AXIS specialty our specialist distribution will grow from 14% to 27% of premium written. Additionally, Novae's binder relationships will allow us access of attractive SME and personal line businesses, diversifying our distribution network while strengthening relationships with key Lloyd's brokers.
And with that, I’ll turn is back to Albert who will discuss the financial merits of the transaction for AXIS and our shareholders.

Albert Benchimol
Thank you, Peter. Our convictional with respect to the strategic merits this transaction is matched by our believe in the significant value creation opportunity for AXIS shareholders many of whom are on this call. We believe methodically, that this is the financially compelling transaction.
As you heard from Peter, there is a long list of well identified revenue synergies which we believe the specialty offset any overlap between the businesses. We’ve also identified $50 million of run rate pre-tax cost savings which include very little from front office functions such as underwriting and claims. And we are confident that these cost savings will be fully realized by year or two.
It is our expectation that the transaction will be accretive to operating EPS and operating ROE in year one with high single-digit EPS accretion expected by year two. It is also expected to be roughly neutral to book value per share at close and very minimal impact to tangible book value per share, with growth in book value per share and tangible book value per share accelerating post transaction driven by the increased earnings powers of the combine company.
Further, we believe that given the size of this transaction, the scope of integration limited to one office and the complementary nature of the Novae business to our existing book, the enthusiasm and goodwill of our employees, execution risk is very limited.
In summary we believe that this combination represents a rare opportunity to accelerate our strategic vision, hitting on multiple objectives while delivering a very attractive value proposition to our shareholders with limited execution risk.
And with that I'd like to open the line for questions, operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Yes, thank you, [Operator Instructions] and the first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan
First question, can you give us probably more background about these transactions and how do you think of Lloyd's marketing now because the recent pricing pressure as well at high expense over there and why Lloyds is attractive and also did you talk with other independent Lloyd's syndicates and why Novae is best fit for you?
Albert Benchimol
Thank you, Kai. I think there's no question that we are all experiencing challenging market conditions in all markets in all countries and Lloyd's is no different. However, we remain convinced that Lloyd's is the pre-eminent international market for specialty risk. And the concentration of talent here in London and the number of companies and markets and brokers is such that we really do not see that changing in a material way in the near term.
The other thing is that participating in the London market and participating at Lloyd's over the last three years we've also been impressed by the increasing conviction by Lloyd's and by the various markets within Lloyd's to change the Lloyd's market, looking to become more efficient, change the target operation model, lower cost. So we actually believe that Lloyd's is doing the right things.
And so if you like AXIS want to be in global specialty lines, Lloyd's is one of the markets that we have to participate in. As you know we feel very-very proud that we're diversified, we are in a number of insurance and reinsurance markets, we do US, ENS, we do professional lines, we do ANH, we're in a lot of different markets. What matters to us is that we cannot be everything to everyone, but in a market where we choose to be it's imperative that we have the relevance, scale, expertise to be a differentiated provider and compete in a very positive way. And that's what we want to do with Lloyds.
As for Novae, I really do believe it's a perfect fit. As you've seen in terms of the books of business and as both Matthew and Peter have discussed they're in many lines of business that we're not in, that we would like to be in. They complement many of our lines of business, they are a pure specialty lines player, we don’t have to work our way through different line of business. Matthew and his team have already done a lot of the hard work of focusing that book of business as in one of the slides that was referenced to excuse me, maintain and invest lines.

The way we see it, given the good actions that Matthew and the team have done is that the maintain and invest lines that have delivered an average combined ratio of 80 over the last five years will essentially comprise a 100% of the book that we are going to be taking over a year one '18. So we have the high level of confidence that this is a perfect fit with our book of business. There is complementarity, the talent within Novae is outstanding, we're really thrilled to be bringing them into our company and combined we will create a very successful $2 billion plus specialty company in the London market.
Matthew Fosh
Can I just add -- this is Matthew Fosh here, the CEO of Novae. We are something of a rare beast. We are only pure Lloyd's single platform business there is of any scale. We’re the only quoted pure Lloyd’s player and so whilst I’m sure Albert, did all the due diligence he needed to do to check whether we were the company he wanted to get to speak to. We do offer something that others don’t in terms of that scale, in terms of that pure specialty play and as Albert said, we have taken the surgery necessary in the last two, three years to get very, very pure on that specialty approach and that’s one thing, one fastening reason I suspect why Albert lighted on us.
Kai Pan
Thank you very much for the comment. So my second question on the financial accretion. If you look at Novae's earnings for past three years, you’ve taken [Indiscernible] for 2016, you’re running about US$70 million to US$80 million pre-tax earnings. That itself is more than 10% of expected earnings for AXIS going forward. So I'm just wondering even before the $50 million cost savings -- so I just wondering, what’s the basis for the high-single-digits accretion by year two and if something I missing amortization or other things?
Albert Benchimol
I think we’re taking a reasonably prudent view of the market as we’re seeing it. I think that the market today is not as attractive is was three years ago, two years ago and so as the business -- as you know, we earned the business on a lag basis, and our view is that, we don’t want to create expectations that are unreasonable. We’ve always been prudent in our outlook. But I -- but Kai, to your point, I think it speaks to the high level of confidence that we have that moving forward this union is going to be very attractive for our shareholders.
Kai Pan
Thank you. Lastly, if I may very quick is that, the stock Novae is trading above your 700 pence offer. So indicating some possibility of additional [dates] [ph] so I just wonder what the breakup fee as additional safeguard for the transaction?
Albert Benchimol
There are no -- in the UK, the rules for takeovers are very clear, there are no protections and no breakup fees in transactions. So we believe that the offer that we have put on the table is a very compelling valuation for Novae shareholders. I think it represents a healthy premium to Novae's market price. As I mentioned 29% over the average price for 30 days, it reflects the benefit that we see coming and frankly some of the benefits that could only happen in a union with AXIS. So prices move up and down for any number of reasons, but we believe that what we have here is a compelling offer to Novae shareholders.
Operator 
And the next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan
A few questions. First, Albert. If you can just walk us through, have you become comfortable with Novae's reserve position, in terms of your diligence for this transaction? And I know, there has been some press reports surrounding maybe some legacy reserve transactions on Novae's part. If you guys can just update that, kind of where we stand on that and how that kind of came into your thought process surrounding this acquisition?

Albert Benchimol
So Elyse, thank you for the question. I feel very comfortable with the extent of our due diligence on Novae. And again, going back to the point it's a very focused business, it’s a business that we participate in every day. So we have a lot of similarity with the lines of business, we reserve our own lines, and similar line. I will say that we were very impressed with the processes, the professionalism, the approach, we’ve done our work. We feel very comfortable as to the quality of the balance sheet.
As I've said in one of the interview, we wouldn’t have done this deal if we weren’t satisfied with the quality of the people, the quality of the book and the quality of the balance sheet, and we are satisfied with all three. As to the press reports that you refer to, my understanding is that these are unsubstantiated rumors and of course we don’t comment on that.
Elyse Greenspan
Okay. Thank you. And my second question, can you just comment -- I know you guys said you would finance this deal with cash on hand and maybe some debt. How do you think about your buyback just given that we’re now in the middle of hurricane season, is entering into this transaction now change your thought process around buying back on shares?
Albert Benchimol
Thank you for asking that Elyse and in fact it does. As you know, we’ll be taking on a billion dollars' worth of new premium and so it would make sense for us to have a little bit more capital to support that premium. So, as of now it is our view that we will suspend our share repurchases for the next two quarters, and then resume repurchases in early 2018. And we believe that that is the appropriate way to move forward. I will say this, because I expect there’ll be a question about share buybacks. We have been a I believe a very responsible steward of capital. And we have given back to our shareholders a significant amount of capital in the form of dividends and share repurchases. 
Where we are today is, we have done significant analysis of the benefits to our company and to our shareholders, of continuing the buybacks and not do this acquisition, or do this acquisition and hold back on the buybacks for the next couple of quarters. And I can tell you that we are absolutely convinced without a doubt that the economic benefits to our company of making this acquisition far outweighs anything that we could do in the near term in terms of continuing buybacks. This is the right strategic and financial decision for this company.
Elyse Greenspan
Okay. And then in terms of Novae, can we -- what about its CAD exposure? I see about half -- just under half of business is property. If you can just let us know where their biggest CAD exposure is and I assume there is some exposure in the U.S., if you’re going to just walk us through that, especially now that we’re in the middle of the hurricane season?
Albert Benchimol
That makes good sense and as you know our net appetite for incremental CAD risk is reasonably limited. So, what I would say to you is that a good part of their property book is already shared with third party capital, number one, excuse me, and although we don’t necessarily have great appetite for incremental CAD exposure. We believe that this is business that is going to be very attractive to our third-party capital partners. And so, we’re looking to see -- we view this as an opportunity to continue to be helpful to the market and also provide attractive premium to our third-party capital partners and generate essentially risk-free fee income for AXIS. So for us, this is a win-win-win. Of course as wind season continues, we will be doing the normal risk management that you would expect us to do.
Elyse Greenspan
And so where does their PML, I guess, where are they writing to today, do they disclose it kind of like you guys do?

Albert Benchimol
I don’t think they do, and given that the company continues to be a publicly listed company, we don’t think it’s appropriate for us to create new disclosure for them.
Operator
Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW.
Meyer Shields
I don’t know if this is for Albert or for Matthew, but we'll see at Slide 6 in terms of the breakdown of Novae's gross written premiums between invest to grow and other classes, and between that and the various lines that were put into run off, how much of the 1.2 billion of '16 gross premiums is AXIS interested in renewing over the course of 2017-2018?
Albert Benchimol
So let me split this question in two if I may. I think that the proper question for Matthew is you know given all the actions what is the -- I don't know if they've already projected the premium level for 2017, or not but I think from our perspective we can talk about how we feel about the book.
Matthew Fosh
So we -- our gross written premium will be around 940 million for 2017 or the net earned will fall slightly. Your question about how much of the business have you discontinued, is that really what you're after, Meyer? Could you repeat, I'm talking pounds now okay. Pounds, right.
Meyer Shields
Yes, that is the question.
Matthew Fosh
Okay so if you look at the '16 number we have probably -- since the end of '16 we probably discontinued about £80 million or £90 million of all business that we no longer thought was sustainably profitable. Okay, we have replaced that in '17 with equivalent amounts of growth, so it's going to relatively stable for '17 over '16. Does that answer your question?
Meyer Shields
It does, yes.
Matthew Fosh
But it's the business mix that's changing, it's this absolute determination to know, this market is tough as we acknowledged and when a market gets tough you got to be crystal clear about where you think you have a competitive advantage right, that's what Albert does the whole time, he's a specialty half as he believes specialty is a way you can differentiate. Now we entirely agree and its part of our -- that's our route.
So when the market changes you constantly got to be adjusting your portfolio because classes that were profitable three years ago are no longer profitable, right. And so you have to discontinue, you have to deemphasize -- a classic management, just like a fund manager, one's managing assets, we're managing liabilities, okay.
And so that's what you have to do, but you have to be really-really disciplined in markets as they are now.
Meyer Shields
Thank you.
Albert Benchimol
And from our perspective, as I mentioned earlier we feel very good that in 2018 which will be the first year of operation we believe that a 100% of that business will be in those maintain and invest classes. So we're starting with the book of business that we think is very attractive and then after that of course we just do the normal reaction to opportunities in the market.
Meyer Shields
No that makes perfect sense, that's very helpful. Can you give us some guidance in terms of what you're modeling for sort of typical acquisition related premium spillage?
Albert Benchimol
You know one of the things that came across here was the complementarity of the books of business and as we've looked at it we felt that there were so many opportunities actually for positive leverage in terms of taking Novae's product, placing some of them on company paper versus Lloyd's, working through our distribution, really leveraging the capabilities that we have, buying less reinsurance. All of those, anyway we cut this we felt that the positive synergies far offset any potential negative.
Matthew Fosh
And Meyer, wondering if I could jump in, it's Matthew, one of the aspects to board was dealing with -- was the fact that we have -- by being this specialist half we are enjoying more opportunities than we have capital. And so now it's a question of how do you cope with the opportunities we’re being faced because when you are very clear about quite where you add value and what you can bring to the brokers in terms of -- you get opportunities and they bring you more, and this is only we believe, Albert and I believe that by putting these two businesses together, that’s only going to enhance these opportunities and coping with the request and opportunities we have is going to be one of the challenges in putting these two businesses together.

Meyer Shields
And one last question if I can. Novae's tax rate has been higher than AXIS. Should we assume that 10% or 11% tax rate persists on that portion of the business? Or can it be filtered through lower tax jurisdiction underwriters?
Albert Benchimol
I think as you look forward, I don’t think that’s going to have a significant impact on the pro forma tax rate for the emerge company. There is a fair amount of normal volatility related to the location of the earnings and the way they come back and forth. So long-term, I don’t see a big change in our tax rate.
Operator 
[Operator Instructions]. And last question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen
Just a couple of other questions. It looks like in the spring Novae essentially shared some of its catastrophe business and I’m wondering how much and does that free up any capital for the company?
Matthew Fosh
Jay, it’s been shared some of its catastrophe business. [Multiple Speakers] shared, okay. Yes. I mean, we’re talking about is that, it comes back to this point Jay, about do we -- where are the areas we have a demonstrable leadership/competitive advantage, and in property tax, we are not a property tax player of any scale. We cannot honestly claim to be a leader in London or anywhere else in property tax. Then what we do? We shared it and shared, we worked with the [indiscernible] that is a leader in property tax in this country. And we said, okay, you take our perfectly nice, but not especially good book, but they did want, you can do more with it, we look share that with you and we’ll close a share back some of your book, where you are clearly leaders.
And it comes at this point is unless we aren’t leaders, unless we are really special at something we don’t want to do it. And so with this journey we’ve been on to complete that portfolio change. So when you say shared, we actually just exchanged a particular type to business where we thought it was okay but we weren’t leaders working with another partner, we then quota shared back their book, which was demonstrably top performer. So that’s what you’re referring to, okay Jay. [Multiple Speakers].
Jay Cohen
So net-net your CAD premiums probably didn’t change much, just something in a different form?
Matthew Fosh
That’s exactly the point Jay, yes.
Jay Cohen
And then the other question, the $50 million of expected savings. Albert, I’m missing sort of a net number. In other words, you may have to make some investments in the business, but 50 million is what you expected helps the bottom-line eventually?
Albert Benchimol
That’s right. Look, as you know, we continue to be investing in the business, we spoken to you about some of our initiatives around the future insurance platforms, the systems that we have. We’re clearly continuing to grow our investments in data and analytics. We will continue to do that. But for the 50 million that we’ve identified is a chunk of savings that we can deliver within first two years.
Operator 
And as there are no more questions at the present time, we’d like to return the call to management for any closing comments.
Albert Benchimol
Well, thank you very much and thank you for your interest in this transaction. As you can tell from everybody on this call, we’re highly enthusiastic. I think this is really a unique opportunity to put together to specialty underwriting shots that have similar conviction around underwriting discipline around entrepreneurialism and around excelling in the markets in which we chose to compete. It’s a unique opportunity and we are very pleased to be able to move forward with the acquisition of Novae. So, again Matthew.
Matthew Fosh
I would second that Albert. Thank you very much, it’s been a pleasure so for. 
Albert Benchimol

And we look forward to reporting to you on our ongoing progress. Thank you very much.
Operator
Thank you. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Financial, Property & Casualty Insurance, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All AXS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #8672bbb0-6ffb-11e7-8959-0f814d658c1d
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #86a193e0-6ffb-11e7-8393-9d84e54d5c68
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












	
                Board of Directors - About Us - Axis Capital
            







 

















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.















































                    Turn on more accessible mode
                



                    Turn off more accessible mode
                

















Locations
Locations
AXIS Insurance
AXIS Reinsurance
AXIS Accident & Health




Contact Us
<div style="width:90px !important;">Contact Us</div>




Client Login
AXIS AgenSee
AXIS Submit







It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.








Insurance




Browse International Insurance


Property & Casualty
Energy
Marine & Aviation
International MGA
Claims


Professional Lines
AXIS at Lloyd's
Capital Risk Solutions
Country Specific
Accident & Health


See All



Browse U.S. Insurance


Property
Casualty
Program Business
Professional Lines
Claims



Accident & Health


See All






Reinsurance




Browse By Type


Agriculture
Credit & Surety
AXIS Re Ventures
Weather & Commodity
Ocean Marine
Mortgage


Property
Catastrophe Excess of Loss
Property Pro Rata and Per Risk
Engineering


Liability
General Liability / Multiline
Motor
Professional Liability
Workers' Compensation





Browse Locations


Asia Pacific
Bermuda
Canada
Europe
United States
Business Leaders
Claims








Accident & Health




Browse Insurance


International
Personal Accident
Specialty Health
Travel
Claims


United States
Accident
Specialty Health
Travel





Browse Reinsurance


International
Accident
Health
Life
Specialty Programs
Travel
Claims


North America
Accident
Health
Specialty Programs
Travel








Investors




Investor Information



Stock Information
Financial Reports
SEC Filings
2016 Year in Review
Corporate Governance
News & Events
Email Alerts
FAQs





Stock Price
Financial Updates
Ratings




$65.00
+0.28 (0.43%)
Minimum20-minute delay



Recent Earnings Releases 
Latest Webcasts 


A+ (Strong) Stable Outlook Standard & Poor's
A+ (Superior), Stable Outlook A.M. Best Company, Inc.


See All 






Careers

About Axis




About AXIS



Financial Strength & Ratings
Management
Board of Directors
Claims
FATCA Forms
Solvency II
News





Recent News
Ratings



AXIS Capital Approved to Launch Lloyd’s Managing AgencyJul 14, 2017
News Archive


A+ (Strong) Stable Outlook Standard & Poor's
A+ (Superior), Stable Outlook A.M. Best Company, Inc.
























Send us an email:
*Required fields


Type of Inquiry*



Insurance Solutions
Reinsurance Solutions
Accident & Health Solutions
Investors
Careers



Inquiry Type is required.

Name*:


Name is required.

Company/Organization:


Country:


Email*:


Email is required.
Email is missing or in an invalid format.

Phone Number*:


Phone is required.
Phone number must be a valid U.S. or international number.

Questions & Comments*:



Questions / Comments are required.





*Required fields




Submit



Cancel














Please Note
You are about to leave the AXIS Capital site.


Continue



Cancel











Our Culture and Values
AXIS is a global insurer and reinsurer, providing our clients and distribution partners a broad range of risk transfer products and services, meaningful capacity and unquestioned financial strength.
We nurture an ethical, entrepreneurial and disciplined culture that promotes outstanding client service, intelligent risk taking and superior risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders.
At AXIS we nurture an ethical, risk-aware, achievement-oriented culture that promotes professionalism, responsibility, integrity, discipline, and entrepreneurialism.













Home
    
        >
    
        About AXIS
    

    > Board of Directors


                Board of Directors
                
            




About AXISFinancial Strength & RatingsManagementBoard of DirectorsClaimsFATCA FormsSolvency IINewsNews ReleasesNews Archive


















Albert A. Benchimol
Albert A. Benchimol was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited in May 2012 and has served as a director since January 2012. Mr. Benchimol joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January 2011. He formerly served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PartnerRe Ltd. from April 2000 through September 2010, and Chief Executive Officer of PartnerRe Ltd.’s Capital Markets Group business unit from June 2007 through September 2010. Prior to joining PartnerRe, Mr. Benchimol was Senior Vice President and Treasurer at Reliance Group Holdings, Inc. for 11 years and was previously with the Bank of Montreal from 1982 to 1989.





Jane Boisseau
Jane Boisseau was elected as a director in December 2012. Ms. Boisseau is a former partner and Co-Chair of the Insurance Regulatory Department of the law firm Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP with substantial experience in a variety of insurance regulatory, compliance and transactional matters. She began her legal career in 1985 at LeBoeuf, Lamb, Leiby & MacRae, the predecessor firm to Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP. Ms. Boisseau holds a law degree from the New York University School of Law.





Michael A. Butt
Chairman of the BoardMichael A. Butt has served as Chairman of the Board or a director since September 2002. Mr. Butt has over 50 years of insurance industry experience. From 1982 to 1986, Mr. Butt was the Chairman of Sedgwick Limited and Vice Chairman of the Sedgwick Group plc. From 1987 to 1992, Mr. Butt served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eagle Star Holdings plc and Eagle Star Insurance Company. From 1993 to 1998, Mr. Butt was Chief Executive Officer and President of Mid Ocean Limited. From 1998 to August 2002, Mr. Butt was a director of XL Capital Ltd. Mr. Butt also is a former director of the Farmers Insurance Group, BAT Industries and Instituto Nazionale delle Assicuranzioni. Mr. Butt also was the Chairman of the Association of Bermuda Insurers and Reinsurers from January 2008 through December 2009. In 2011, Mr. Butt was appointed as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire to commemorate his distinguished contributions toward the building of the Bermuda reinsurance industry.





Charles A. Davis
Charles A. Davis has served as a director since our inception. Since June 2005, Mr. Davis has been a member and the Chief Executive Officer of Stone Point Capital LLC (“Stone Point”). From 1998 until May 2005, he was with MMC Capital, Inc., a subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., serving as the Chief Executive Officer from 1999 to 2005 and Chairman from 2002 to 2005. He also served as a Vice Chairman of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. from 1999 to November 2004. Prior to joining MMC Capital in 1998, Mr. Davis spent 23 years at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where, among other positions, he served as head of Investment Banking Services worldwide, head of the Financial Services Industry Group, a General Partner, a Senior Director and a Limited Partner. Mr. Davis also is a director of The Hershey Company and The Progressive Corporation.





Robert L. Friedman
Robert L. Friedman has served as a director since our inception. Since July 2012, Mr. Friedman has been a Senior Advisor of The Blackstone Group L.P. (“Blackstone”). From February 1999 to June 2012, he was a Senior Managing Director of that firm, and from January 2003 to August 2010 he was also its Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Friedman was a partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP for 25 years, where he served as a senior member of that law firm’s mergers and acquisitions practice. Mr. Friedman is Chairman of the Board of Harrington Reinsurance Holdings Limited and serves as a director of YRC Worldwide Inc.





Christopher V. Greetham
Christopher V. Greetham has served as a director since October 2006. From 1996 to 2006, he served as Chief Investment Officer of XL Capital Ltd. From 1982 to 1996, Mr. Greetham was Chief Financial Officer of OIL Insurance Ltd. and President of OIL Investment Corporation Ltd. Between 1975 and 1982, Mr. Greetham served as an investment analyst and a portfolio manager at Bankers Trust Company.





Maurice A. Keane 
Maurice A. Keane has served as a director since September 2002. Mr. Keane formerly was the Group Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of Ireland, a position he held from 1998 until 2002. He was Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer from 1991 through 1997, having been a Managing Director since 1983. He was a member of the National Pension Reserve Fund Commission from February 2007 until December 2014. He served as a director of Irish Bank Resolution Corporation Limited (formerly Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Limited) from the time of its nationalization in January 2009 until February 2013.





Cheryl-Ann Lister
Cheryl-Ann Lister was elected as a director in September 2008. Ms. Lister began her career in 1980 in the investment department of the Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited. From 1987 to 1992, she served as the manager of the investment department at Bermuda Commercial Bank. In 1992, she joined EBT Securities Limited, a privately held international investment trading company, and ultimately served as a director with responsibilities for the company’s operations in Bermuda and Brazil. From 1999 through 2006, Ms. Lister served in both the Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer roles at the Bermuda Monetary Authority, which is responsible for regulating and supervising financial institutions in Bermuda. Ms. Lister was a founding member and President of the Bermuda Society of Financial Analysts and served as a Governor for the Association of Investment Management and Research (now the CFA Institute). She also served as President of the International Society of Financial Analysts. Ms. Lister currently serves as a consultant to the Bermuda Ministry of Legal Affairs on matters relating to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing, is the Chairperson of the National Anti-Money Laundering Committee and serves as a director of FIL Limited.





Thomas C. Ramey
Thomas C. Ramey was elected as a director in July 2009. Mr. Ramey was Chairman and President of Liberty International, a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Mutual Group, from 1997 to 2009. He also served as Executive Vice President of Liberty Mutual Group from 1995 through 2009. Prior to joining Liberty, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of American International Healthcare, a subsidiary of AIG, and founder and President of an international healthcare trading company. He is currently a trustee of the Brookings Institution.  Mr. Ramey was formerly a Director of The Warranty Group, the International Insurance Society, the Coalition of Services Industries and Chairman of the International Fund for Animal Welfare.  He was also formerly a member of the Chongqing, China Mayor’s International Advisory Council.





Henry B. Smith
Henry B. Smith has served as a director since May 2004. Mr. Smith served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. from May 2005 to March 2006. Mr. Smith is the former Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of Bermuda Limited, a position he held from March 1997 until March 2004. He joined the Bank of Bermuda in 1973 as a management trainee and held various senior positions within the Bank of Bermuda, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Executive Vice President, Europe and Senior Vice President and General Manager, Retail Banking.





Wilhelm Zeller
Wilhelm Zeller was elected as a director in July 2009. From 1996 to June 2009, Mr. Zeller served as the Chairman of the Executive Board of Hannover Re. Prior to joining Hannover Re, he was a member of the Executive Board of Cologne Re from 1977 through 1995. In 1995, he was also a member of the Executive Council of General Re Corporation, the new principal shareholder of Cologne Re. From 1970 through 1977, Mr. Zeller served as the head of the Casualty Department and International Department Non-Life at Zurich Insurance Company. A NACD board leadership fellow, he currently is a corporate director and consultant, serving as a director of EIS Group Ltd. and Willis Towers Watson.












Albert A. Benchimol 




Jane Boisseau 




Michael A. Butt, Chairman of the Board 




Charles A. Davis 




Robert L. Friedman 




Christopher V. Greetham 




Maurice A. Keane  




Cheryl-Ann Lister 




Thomas C. Ramey 




Henry B. Smith 




Wilhelm Zeller 





















Locations
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Fair Disclosure Policy
Site Map


© 2017 AXIS Capital. All rights reserved.
 












AXIS Capital Holdings Ltd (AXS)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















AXIS Capital Holdings Ltd (AXS)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataFinancialsReinsurance












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				AXS on New York Consolidated


				65.00USD
21 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.28


					            (+0.43%)
					        






Prev Close

$64.72


Open

$64.57




Day's High

$65.04


Day's Low

$64.39




Volume

357,604


Avg. Vol

413,048




52-wk High

$71.06


52-wk Low

$52.67











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Michael Butt

74
2002

                                Chairman of the Board of Directors




							Albert Benchimol

59
2012

                                President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Joseph Henry

64
2012

                                Chief Financial Officer




							Christopher DiSipio

54
2012

                                Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Accident & Health




							Jan Ekberg

60
2017

                                Interim Chief Executive Officer - AXIS Reinsurance




							Peter Wilson

57
2014

                                Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Insurance




							Peter Vogt

53
2017

                                Deputy Chief Financial Officer




							Jane Boisseau

71
2012

                                Independent Director




							Charles Davis

68
2005

                                Independent Director




							Robert Friedman

74
2001

                                Independent Director




							Christopher Greetham

72
2006

                                Independent Director




							Maurice Keane

75
2002

                                Independent Director




							Cheryl-Ann Lister

60
2008

                                Independent Director




							Thomas Ramey

73
2009

                                Independent Director




							Henry Smith

68
2004

                                Independent Director




							Wilhelm Zeller

72
2009

                                Independent Director




							Linda Ventresca




                                IR Officer



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Michael Butt


					
							Mr. Michael A. Butt serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, since September 2002. Mr. Butt has over 49 years of insurance industry experience. From 1982 to 1986, Mr. Butt was the Chairman of Sedgwick Limited and Vice Chairman of the Sedgwick Group plc. From 1987 to 1992, Mr. Butt served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Eagle Star Holdings plc and Eagle Star Insurance Company. From 1993 to 1998, Mr. Butt was Chief Executive Officer and President of Mid Ocean Limited. From 1998 to August 2002, Mr. Butt was a director of XL Capital Ltd. Mr. Butt also is a former director of the Farmers Insurance Group, BAT Industries and Instituto Nazionale delle Assicuranzioni. Mr. Butt also was the Chairman of the Association of Bermuda Insurers and Reinsurers from January 2008 through December 2009. In 2011, Mr. Butt was appointed as an Officer of the Order of the British Empire to commemorate his distinguished contributions toward the building of the Bermuda reinsurance industry.




							Albert Benchimol


					
							Mr. Albert A. Benchimol serves as President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited. He was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited in May 2012 and has served as a director since January 2012. Mr. Benchimol joined the Company as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in January 2011. He formerly served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PartnerRe Ltd. from April 2000 through September 2010, and Chief Executive Officer of PartnerRe Ltd.’s Capital Markets Group business unit from June 2007 through September 2010. Prior to joining PartnerRe, Mr. Benchimol was Senior Vice President and Treasurer at Reliance Group Holdings, Inc. for 11 years and was previously with the Bank of Montreal from 1982 to 1989.




							Joseph Henry


					
							Mr. Joseph C. Henry is no longer Chief Financial Officer of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited., effective January 1, 2018. He previously had served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of XL Insurance since 2006. From 2003 to 2006, Mr. Henry was the Global Controller for XL Global Services and also served as the interim Corporate Controller for XL Capital from 2005 to 2006. Prior to joining XL, he held various senior leadership positions at Meadowbrook Insurance Group including Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Henry began his career at KPMG where he became an Audit Partner before leaving to join the Hanover Insurance Companies as its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in 1987.




							Christopher DiSipio


					
							Mr. Christopher N. DiSipio serves as Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Accident & Health of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, since February 2009 and has served as an Executive Officer since September 2012. Mr. DiSipio develops and implements our Accident & Health strategy worldwide. He has over 31 years of experience in the insurance industry, specifically in the Accident & Health business. Prior to joining AXIS, he had been with the Chubb Corporation since 1999, most recently as the Chief Operating Officer and Senior Vice President for Life, Accident & Health. Mr. DiSipio began his insurance career in 1984 as an underwriter with CNA Insurance Company, where he helped start and subsequently led the company’s International Accident & Health Division.




							Jan Ekberg


					
							Mr. Jan Ekberg serves as Interim Chief Executive Officer - AXIS Reinsurance of the Company. Mr. Ekberg has more than 40 years of (re)insurance industry experience with more than 20 of these years managing underwriting businesses. He joined AXIS Re Europe in 2004 shortly after its formation and has been integral to establishing AXIS Re Europe as a leading international reinsurer. In his current position, Mr. Ekberg serves as President and Chief Underwriting Officer of AXIS Re Europe. During his tenure at AXIS, he has led the Property Risk team and the Engineering team. Before joining AXIS, Mr. Ekberg served in various underwriting and management positions at Nordisk Re in Copenhagen, Employers Re and GE Frankona in Munich. He spent the first nine years of his career in primary insurance.




							Peter Wilson


					
							Mr. Peter W. Wilson serves as Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Insurance of AXIS Capital Holdings Ltd, since April 2014. He joined AXIS in May 2013 as President of U.S. Insurance. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Wilson served as President and Chief Operating Officer for CNA Specialty, a unit of CNA Financial Corporation, which is focused on professional and management liability, healthcare, surety and other specialized insurance products and services. During his more than 20-year tenure with CNA Financial Corporation, Mr. Wilson served in a number of leadership positions and had management responsibility for a diverse group of business units operating both in the U.S. and internationally. Prior to CNA, he served as an Executive Vice President at AIG, where he managed AIG’s commercial public D&O business in the U.S.




							Peter Vogt


					
							Mr. Peter Vogt has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company., effective January 1, 2018. He has served as Chief Operating Officer at the Company’s Insurance business unit since 2013. Previously from 2010 to 2013, Mr. Vogt served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company’s Accident & Health business unit. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Vogt served as Chief Financial Officer of Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company. From 1999 to 2005, he served as Chief Financial Officer of CIGNA’s Group Insurance business. Prior to this, Mr. Vogt held management and executive positions at Hartford Life Insurance Company over a 14 year period, including holding a series of actuarial roles and leading the sales, marketing and product development team for the corporate retirement business. Mr. Vogt holds a BBA in Actuarial Science and Economics from Temple University and is a Fellow of the Society of Actuaries and a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries.




							Jane Boisseau


					
							Ms. Jane Boisseau serves as Independent Director of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd since December 2012. Ms. Boisseau is a former partner and Co-Chair of the Insurance Regulatory Department of the law firm Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP with substantial experience in a variety of insurance regulatory, compliance and transactional matters. She began her legal career in 1985 at LeBoeuf, Lamb, Leiby & MacRae, the predecessor firm to Dewey & LeBoeuf LLP. Ms. Boisseau holds a law degree from the New York University School of Law.




							Charles Davis


					
							Mr. Charles A. Davis serves as Independent Director of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd. Since June 2005, Mr. Davis has been a member and the Chief Executive Officer of Stone Point Capital LLC (“Stone Point”). From 1998 until May 2005, he was with MMC Capital, Inc., a subsidiary of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., serving as the Chief Executive Officer from 1999 to 2005 and Chairman from 2002 to 2005. He also served as a Vice Chairman of Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. from 1999 to November 2004. Prior to joining MMC Capital in 1998, Mr. Davis spent 23 years at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where, among other positions, he served as head of Investment Banking Services worldwide, head of the Financial Services Industry Group, a General Partner, a Senior Director and a Limited Partner. Mr. Davis also is a director of The Hershey Company and The Progressive Corporation.




							Robert Friedman


					
							Mr. Robert L. Friedman serves as Independent Director of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd. Since July 2012, Mr. Friedman has been a Senior Advisor of The Blackstone Group L.P. (“Blackstone”). From February 1999 to June 2012, he was a Senior Managing Director of that firm, and from January 2003 to August 2010 he was also its Chief Legal Officer. Prior to joining Blackstone, Mr. Friedman was a partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP for 25 years, where he had served as a senior member of that law firm’s mergers and acquisitions practice. Mr. Friedman currently serves as a director of YRC Worldwide Inc.




							Christopher Greetham


					
							Mr. Christopher V. Greetham serves as Independent Director of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, since October 2006. From 1996 to 2006, he served as Chief Investment Officer of XL Capital Ltd. From 1982 to 1996, Mr. Greetham was Chief Financial Officer of OIL Insurance Ltd. and President of OIL Investment Corporation Ltd. Between 1975 and 1982, Mr. Greetham served as an investment analyst and a portfolio manager at Bankers Trust Company.




							Maurice Keane


					
							Mr. Maurice A. Keane serves as Independent Director of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, since September 2002. Mr. Keane formerly was the Group Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of Ireland, a position he held from 1998 until 2002. He was Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer from 1991 through 1997, having been a Managing Director since 1983. He was a member of the National Pension Reserve Fund Commission from February 2007 until December 2014. He served as a director of Irish Bank Resolution Corporation Limited (formerly Anglo Irish Bank Corporation Limited) from the time of its nationalization in January 2009 until February 2013.




							Cheryl-Ann Lister


					
							Ms. Cheryl-Ann Lister serves as Independent Director of Axis Capital Holdings Limited, since September 2008. Ms. Lister began her career in 1980 in the investment department of the Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited. From 1987 to 1992, she served as the manager of the investment department at Bermuda Commercial Bank. In 1992, she joined EBT Securities Limited, a privately held international investment trading company, and ultimately served as a director with responsibilities for the company’s operations in Bermuda and Brazil. From 1999 through 2006, Ms. Lister served in both the Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer roles at the Bermuda Monetary Authority, which is responsible for regulating and supervising financial institutions in Bermuda. Ms. Lister was a founding member and President of the Bermuda Society of Financial Analysts and served as a Governor for the Association of Investment Management and Research (now the CFA Institute). She also served as President of the International Society of Financial Analysts. Ms. Lister currently serves as a consultant to the Bermuda Ministry of Justice on matters relating to anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism financing, is the Chairperson of the National Anti-Money Laundering Committee and serves as a director of FIL Limited.




							Thomas Ramey


					
							Mr. Thomas C. Ramey serves as Independent Director of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited, since July 2009. Mr. Ramey was Chairman and President of Liberty International, a wholly owned subsidiary of Liberty Mutual Group, from 1997 to 2009. He also served as Executive Vice President of Liberty Mutual Group from 1995 through 2009. Prior to joining Liberty, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of American International Healthcare, a subsidiary of AIG, and founder and President of an international healthcare trading company. He is currently a trustee of the Brookings Institution. Mr. Ramey was formerly a Director of The Warranty Group, the International Insurance Society, the Coalition of Services Industries and Chairman of the International Fund for Animal Welfare. He was also formerly a member of the Chongqing, China Mayor’s International Advisory Council.




							Henry Smith


					
							Mr. Henry B. Smith serves as Independent Director of Axis Capital Holdings Ltd, since May 2004. Mr. Smith served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of W.P. Stewart & Co., Ltd. from May 2005 to March 2006. Mr. Smith is the former Chief Executive Officer of the Bank of Bermuda Limited, a position he held from March 1997 until March 2004. He joined the Bank of Bermuda in 1973 as a management trainee and held various senior positions within the Bank of Bermuda, including Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer, Executive Vice President, Europe and Senior Vice President and General Manager, Retail Banking.




							Wilhelm Zeller


					
							Mr. Wilhelm Zeller serves as Independent Director of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited, since July 2009. From 1996 to June 2009, Mr. Zeller served as the Chairman of the Executive Board of Hannover Re. Prior to joining Hannover Re, he was a member of the Executive Board of Cologne Re from 1977 through 1995. In 1995, he was also a member of the Executive Council of General Re Corporation, the new principal shareholder of Cologne Re. From 1970 through 1977, Mr. Zeller served as the head of the Casualty Department and International Department Non-Life at Zurich Insurance Company. A NACD board leadership fellow, he currently is a corporate director and consultant, serving as a director of EIS Group Ltd. and Willis Towers Watson & co.




							Linda Ventresca














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Michael Butt

983,596




							Albert Benchimol

8,538,280




							Joseph Henry

2,435,760




							Christopher DiSipio

1,792,430




							Jan Ekberg

--




							Peter Wilson

2,715,010




							Peter Vogt

--




							Jane Boisseau

222,500




							Charles Davis

220,000




							Robert Friedman

220,000




							Christopher Greetham

305,000




							Maurice Keane

287,500




							Cheryl-Ann Lister

217,500




							Thomas Ramey

255,000




							Henry Smith

322,000




							Wilhelm Zeller

220,000




							Linda Ventresca

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Michael Butt

0
0




							Albert Benchimol

0
0




							Joseph Henry

0
0




							Christopher DiSipio

0
0




							Jan Ekberg

0
0




							Peter Wilson

0
0




							Peter Vogt

0
0




							Jane Boisseau

0
0




							Charles Davis

0
0




							Robert Friedman

0
0




							Christopher Greetham

0
0




							Maurice Keane

0
0




							Cheryl-Ann Lister

0
0




							Thomas Ramey

0
0




							Henry Smith

0
0




							Wilhelm Zeller

0
0




							Linda Ventresca

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Benchimol (Albert A)
5,503
$62.96


Wilson (Peter W)
3,125
$65.57


Wilson (Peter W)
6,250
$0.00


Wilson (Peter W)
1,612
$65.57


Ekberg Jan
1,626
$0.00


Ekberg Jan
1,692
$0.00


Disipio Christopher N
4,789
$70.92


Wilson (Peter W)
8,120
$0.00


Disipio Christopher N
6,090
$70.92


Brooks (Conrad Daniel)
1,394
$0.00


Brooks (Conrad Daniel)
846
$70.92


Brooks (Conrad Daniel)
1,692
$0.00


Benchimol (Albert A)
5,764
$70.92


Brooks (Conrad Daniel)
658
$70.92


O'Shaughnessy (James)
1,691
$70.92


Ekberg Jan
813
$70.92


Wilson (Peter W)
4,500
$0.00


Brooks (Conrad Daniel)
3,383
$0.00


O'Shaughnessy (James)
846
$70.92


O'Shaughnessy (James)
3,383
$0.00


Ekberg Jan
3,383
$0.00


Wilson (Peter W)
5,206
$70.92


O'Shaughnessy (James)
673
$70.92


Ekberg Jan
1,691
$70.92


Disipio Christopher N
1,015
$70.92




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataFinancialsReinsurance























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















albert benchimol - Find.Furniture - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation









Web


Images
Images


















Search the Web


 





























Albert Benchimol - Search for Albert Benchimol.



Ad
 ·
www.find.furniture/​Albert Benchimol



Find the Big Brands. Search a Range of Sofas, Beds, Dining Tables & Chairs.




Searches related toalbert benchimol



albert benchimol ny


axis capital ceo albert benchimol


peter wilson axis capital


axis capital



linda ventresca axis


axis capital ceo


jay nichols axis


rick gimpel axis insurance




Web Results

Albert BENCHIMOL | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/albert-benchimol-a47792a


View Albert BENCHIMOL’S professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Albert BENCHIMOL discover ...


AXIS Management - About Us - AXIS Capital

www.axiscapital.com/en-us/about-axis/management


Albert A. Benchimol. President & CEO Albert A. Benchimol was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Capital Holdings Limited in May 2012 and has ...


Axis Capital Holdings' (AXS) CEO Albert Benchimol on Q1 ...

https://seekingalpha.com/article/4066213-axis-capital-holdings-axs...


Axis Capital Holdings Limited (NYSE:AXS) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call April 27, 2017 09:00 AM ET Executives Linda Ventresca - IR Albert Benchimol - Presiden


Albert A. Benchimol - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/albert-benchimol-axis-capital/salary/62169


View Albert A. Benchimol, Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President at AXIS Capital Holdings Limited, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at ...


Albert BENCHIMOL | Berufsprofil

https://www.linkedin.com/in/albert-benchimol-a47792a/de


Albert BENCHIMOLS berufliches Profil anzeigen LinkedIn ist das weltweit größte professionelle Netzwerk, das Fach- und Führungskräften wie Albert BENCHIMOL dabei ...


Albert Benchimol: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Mr. Albert Benchimol is a Director at Spears Grisanti & Brown, LLC. The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P ...


Albert Benchimol - Bloomberg.com

https://www.bloomberg.com/profiles/people/2023727-albert-a-benchimol


Albert Benchimol is Second Deputy Chairman at Association of Bermuda Insurers & Reinsurers. See Albert A Benchimol's compensation, career history, education ...


Albert Benchimol Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Albert-Benchimol


View the profiles of people named Albert Benchimol. Join Facebook to connect with Albert Benchimol and others you may know. Facebook gives people the...


Albert Benchimol | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/albert.benchimol


Albert Benchimol is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Albert Benchimol and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and...


Albert BENCHIMOL Obituary - Montreal, QC | The Gazette

www.legacy.com/obituaries/montrealgazette/obituary.aspx?pid=157291844


BENCHIMOL, Albert. On Monday, January 20, 2003. Beloved husband of Fortune Edery. Beloved father and father-in-law of Vivian and Myron Martin, Danielle and Fred ...










Albert Benchimol - Search for Albert Benchimol.



Ad
 ·
www.find.furniture/​Albert Benchimol



Find the Big Brands. Search a Range of Sofas, Beds, Dining Tables & Chairs.



Searches related toalbert benchimol



albert benchimol ny


axis capital ceo albert benchimol


peter wilson axis capital


axis capital


linda ventresca axis


axis capital ceo


jay nichols axis


rick gimpel axis insurance




12345Next
















Search the Web























© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













albert benchimol - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Cheap Cemetery Benches - Great Pricing for Cemetery Benches.



Ad
 ·
www.FramMonument.com/​Benches



Great Pricing for Cemetery Benches. Cemetery Installation Included.





Bronze Markers



Flat Granite Markers




Headstones



Memorial Benches





Wayfair Sofa & Console Tables - All Orders Over $49 Ship Free



Ad
 ·
www.wayfair.com/​Console-Tables/​Sarreid



Shop our Top Selling Sarreid Sofa & Console Tables Now! Only at Wayfair®.





The Gift Shop



Sales & Clearance



Bed & Bath Furniture




Bedroom Furniture



Home Décor



Kitchen & Dining





Save On Yarmulkes Direct | BestKippah.com



Ad
 ·
BestKippah.com/​Kippah_Lowest_Price



Bulk Orders, Free Imprinting Choose Any Color, Or Design. Lowest Prices





Custom Kippahs



Suede Kippahs



Embossed Kippahs



Leather Kippahs
















Morocco national ice hockey team




associate member. 2010 team roster # Player Club President ' Khalid Mrini Coach ' Goaltenders ' Adil El Farj ' Albert Benchimol ' Morad Chakir Defencemen ' Omar Ennaffati ' Samir El

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

AXIS Capital CEO Albert Benchimol to Present at Bank of ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/02/07/axis-capital-ceo-albert-benchimol...


AXIS Capital CEO Albert Benchimol to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Insurance Conference 2013 PEMBROKE, Bermuda--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- AXIS Capital Holdings ...


- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Albert_Benchimol


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


AXIS Capital Commemorates 10th Anniversary of Its Initial ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/07/16/axis-capital...


President and CEO Albert Benchimol remarked, "Since our initial public offering, our shareholder returns have significantly outperformed that of the S&P 500 Index and ...


AXIS Capital - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/AXIS_Capital


AXIS Capital Holdings Limited was founded in Pembroke, Bermuda in 2001. In February 2014, ... President & CEO - Albert A. Benchimol; References


AXIS Capital to Release Third Quarter Financial Results on ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/09/30/axis-capital-to...


Albert Benchimol, CEO and President, and Joseph C. Henry, CFO, will host an investor teleconference, including a question and answer period, on Thursday, ...


Eric Gesick to Join AXIS Capital as Group Chief Actuary ...

https://www.aol.com/2012/10/02/eric-gesick-to-join-axis-capital-as...


Albert Benchimol, President and Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Capital, commented: "I am delighted to welcome Eric to our executive team.


AXIS Capital to Release Fourth Quarter and Year End ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/01/10/axis-capital-to-release-fourth...


Albert Benchimol, CEO and President, and Joseph C. Henry, CFO, will host an investor teleconference, including a question and answer period, on Tuesday, ...


AXIS Capital to Release Second Quarter Financial Results ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/07/01/axis-capital-to-release...


AXIS Capital to Release Second Quarter Financial Results on ... AXIS Capital to Release Second Quarter Financial Results on ... Albert Benchimol, ...


AXIS Capital Announces New $750 Million Share Repurchase ...

https://www.aol.com/2012/12/17/axis-capital-announces-new-750...


Albert Benchimol, President and Chief Executive Officer of AXIS Capital, said: "AXIS Capital has a track record of generating significant value for shareholders ...


AXIS Capital Reports Second Quarter Operating Income of ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/07/30/axis-capital...


Commenting on the second quarter 2013 financial results, Albert Benchimol, President and CEO of AXIS Capital said "For the year-to-date, we have delivered a very ...










Cheap Cemetery Benches - Great Pricing for Cemetery Benches.



Ad
 ·
www.FramMonument.com/​Benches



Great Pricing for Cemetery Benches. Cemetery Installation Included.





Bronze Markers



Flat Granite Markers




Headstones



Memorial Benches





Wayfair Sofa & Console Tables - All Orders Over $49 Ship Free



Ad
 ·
www.wayfair.com/​Console-Tables/​Sarreid



Shop our Top Selling Sarreid Sofa & Console Tables Now! Only at Wayfair®.





The Gift Shop



Sales & Clearance



Bed & Bath Furniture




Bedroom Furniture



Home Décor



Kitchen & Dining





Save On Yarmulkes Direct | BestKippah.com



Ad
 ·
BestKippah.com/​Kippah_Lowest_Price



Bulk Orders, Free Imprinting Choose Any Color, Or Design. Lowest Prices





Custom Kippahs



Suede Kippahs



Embossed Kippahs



Leather Kippahs




Searches related toalbert benchimol



albert benchimol ny


axis capital ceo albert benchimol


peter wilson axis capital


axis capital



linda ventresca axis


axis capital ceo


jay nichols axis


rick gimpel axis insurance




123Next

Related Searches



albert benchimol ny


axis capital ceo albert benchimol


peter wilson axis capital


axis capital


linda ventresca axis


axis capital ceo


jay nichols axis


rick gimpel axis insurance




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








