


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

















Sports Cars, Luxury Cars, and Vehicles from Mercedes-Benz | Mercedes-Benz





























Home




My Account





Log In


Register








Vehicles





Sedans & Wagons


Coupes


SUVs


Convertibles & Roadsters


Hybrid & Electric


All Vehicles


Future Vehicles


Certified Pre-Owned







Shopping Tools





Build


Compare


Find a Dealer


View Inventory


Special Offers


Estimate a Payment


Request a Quote


Schedule a Test Drive


Apply for Credit


Trade-In Value







Owners





Mercedes me


Browse owners resources







Others





AMG


Mobile Apps


Contact Us


About Mercedes-Benz










All Vehicles




Sedans & Wagons
Coupes
SUVs
Convertibles & Roadsters
Hybrid & Electric





Sedans & Wagons



Coupes



SUVs



Convertibles & Roadsters



Hybrid & Electric
































BENZ PETER 8000 Series Inverter Special for Blower and Water Pump, View Inverter,  Product Details from BRISYNERGY PTE. LTD. on Alibaba.com















































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            

























































7
YRS


BRISYNERGY PTE. LTD.




Singapore


Supplier Assessments:









Response Time



 <24h





Response Rate



 79.3%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More
















Add to My Favorites









































BRISYNERGY PTE. LTD.






7
YR









How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



Contacts








How do I set this?








Home
> Product Categories
> Ungrouped







How do I set this?


























View larger image
        













Share to:







 


Add to My Cart






Add to My Favorites



		Added to My Favorites












BENZ PETER 8000 Series Inverter Special for Blower and Water Pump                        



 Transactions










                            Contact Supplier
                        



Loading...
                        














You May Like

















How do I set this?

















Product Detail

Transaction History



Report Suspicious Activity







BENZ PETER INVERTER* Square torque curve special for blower and water pump* Adjustable V/ F operating mode* New-generation of IGBT application, high switching frequency reduces noise effectively* RS485 port and MODBUS communication protocol are flexible for various connections.* With autotuning function and can be operated in current vector.* Stall prevention function ensures the system safety effectively. 







Transaction History of the Supplier

Below is the information about the supplier's transactions conducted via Alibaba.com. If you require further details regarding the transaction data, please contact the supplier directly.



            Transaction Overview
            




Transactions




Export Markets




No. of Transactions


Transaction Value













Transaction Details




This supplier has completedtransactions with buyers from .



Shipping Destination
Transaction Value

Transaction Date



















How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?








Related Keywords

inverter







How do I set this?














7
YRS


BRISYNERGY PTE. LTD.




Singapore


Supplier Assessments:









Response Time



<24h





Response Rate



79.3%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?







Product Showcase






How do I set this?





  


















How do I set this?






  





 






 





















 



Mercedes-Benz Financial Services













































Our Leadership Team
The diversity and strength of our leadership team reflects the culture of our entire team at Mercedes-Benz Financial Services.

Peter Zieringer, President and CEO, Mercedes-Benz Financial Services and Head of Daimler Financial Services Americas Region
Peter Zieringer is President and CEO of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA, LLC and Head of Daimler Financial Services Americas Region. In this role he has responsibility for leading business strategy and operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. He is also a member of the global Daimler Financial Services Board of Management.
In his previous role, Zieringer was the Chairman of Mercedes-Benz Bank in Stuttgart, Germany, which was a significant contributor to the overall profits of Daimler Financial Services. He began his career with the company in 1993 as an International Management Trainee in Stuttgart, Germany.
Throughout his career, Zieringer has led the dynamic growth of Daimler Financial Services operations in several countries across the globe. In 1995, he moved to Singapore to establish financial services activities in the Asia-Pacific region. In 2001, he was named Managing Director of the financial services operations in France, which grew significantly under his leadership.
Zieringer studied economics at the European Business School in Oestrich-Winkel, Germany; Paris, France; and Phoenix, Arizona, and obtained an MBA from the American Graduate School of International Management. In the community, he is a member of the Board of Directors of Forgotten Harvest, a non-profit organization dedicated to alleviating hunger in metro Detroit and preventing nutritious food waste. He is also a member of the German American Chamber of Commerce.

Rodolfo Dominguez, Vice President, Business Transformation and Chief Digital Officer
Rodolfo Dominguez is currently the Vice President of Business Transformation and Chief Digital Officer of the Americas region for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services. In this role, he leads a team of more than 90 employees and is responsible for accelerating the company’s vision of providing a first-class digital experience for dealers and customers by fostering a culture of collaboration and innovation, optimizing processes, and accelerating the adoption of emerging technologies. He is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
Prior to this position, Dominguez was the Vice President of Enterprise Portfolio Management. In this position he was responsible for overseeing the prioritization and execution of strategic enterprise-wide initiatives including the Nexus, a large-scale transformational program that delivered an innovative technology solution to replace the company’s core contract management systems, enhancing service to customers and dealers and establishing the foundation for digital expansion in the future.
Dominguez has held several roles of increasing responsibility throughout his career leading teams in the United States, Canada and Mexico. These have included VP Global Products Processes and Systems, President and CEO of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Canada and Business Center Director in Canada. Before joining the company in 1996, Dominguez worked for Hussmann Refrigeration and KPMG in Mexico.
Dominguez earned a master’s degree in Information Technologies and Business Administration and a bachelor’s degree in Accounting with a Certified Public Accountant designation from the Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico. Dominguez is passionate about giving back to the community, currently serving as the Michigan Chapter President of the Association of Latino Professionals for America. He also works with at risk students as a volunteer with Junior Achievement. As a champion of diversity, Dominguez is dedicated to creating an inclusive environment for all employees, most recently serving as the executive sponsor for the first LGBTQ event at the company’s corporate headquarters.

Steven Goodale, Vice President, Daimler Truck Financial
Steven Goodale is Vice President of Daimler Truck Financial, a business unit of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services, USA, LLC. In this role, he oversees Daimler Truck Financial operations in the United States, leading team of more than 200 employees. He is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
Prior to this role, Goodale was Managing Director and CEO of Daimler Financial Services Australia and New Zealand, and a member of the Daimler Financial Services Africa & Asia Pacific Region Operating Committee. Under Goodale’s leadership, Daimler Financial Services Australia achieved all-time record profits and maintained its #1 dealer service index ranking for six consecutive years.
Goodale joined the company in 1985. He has held several executive leadership positions in the U.S. and Germany, including the head of Daimler Financial Services Global Credit Operations, Director of Global Credit Risk Management in Berlin, Vice President of Credit and National Accounts, Vice President of Customer Service, Collections and Remarketing, as well as Zone Manager in Philadelphia and New Orleans.
Goodale earned a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from Wichita State University.

Mary Beth Halprin, Director of Corporate Communications
Mary Beth Halprin is the Director of Corporate Communications for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA, LLC. In this position, she is responsible for leading the company’s internal and external communications, community relations, corporate branding and design, and corporate online activities in the Americas region. She is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
Prior to this position, Halprin was Vice President of Public Relations and Local TV Programming for Comcast Cable’s Heartland Region. She has 25 years of experience in communications and marketing across various industries, including automotive, telecommunications and the nonprofit sector. She has led teams at Comcast, Chrysler LLC, DaimlerChrysler AG, Ford Motor Company, COSI Toledo Science Center, among others.
Halprin earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Central Michigan University. She is a member of the Board of Directors for The Sphinx Organization, a nonprofit dedicated to promoting diversity in the arts, specifically in classical music. Halprin is also a board member of City Year Detroit, an education focused organization dedicated to helping students in school succeed. 

Mary Hughes, Director of Human Resources & Administrative Services
Mary Hughes is Director of Human Resources and Administrative Services for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA, as well as Daimler Financial Services in the Americas region. In her current position, she is responsible for human resources strategy, operations, compensation and benefits, employee development, and facilities and administrative services. She is a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team, as well as the Human Resources Global Leadership Team.
In her previous role as Senior Manager of Human Resources, Hughes was responsible for human resources activities at all Americas region-based locations. She led efforts to strengthen our recruitment strategy and enhance the company’s Great Place to Work® initiatives.
Hughes joined the company in 1998 as a Strategic Business Analyst. She has held several leadership positions during her career, including: Pricing Controls Manager; Senior Manager for Brand Controlling; Senior Manager for Business Integration and Excellence; Senior Manager for Client Services and Vice President of Operations in Canada.
Hughes serves as a member and leadership champion of the Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Diversity and Inclusion Council, and is also a member of the Society for Human Resources Management. In the community, Hughes supports After 26 Depot, a café dedicated to employing adults with developmental disabilities and cognitive impairment located in her hometown of Cadillac, Mich. She holds a bachelor’s degree in Finance and Economics from Lake Superior State University in Sault Sainte Marie, Mich.

Chris Kaefer, Vice President, Credit Operations
Chris Kaefer is currently Vice President of Credit Operations Americas for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA. In this role, he is responsible for all consumer and commercial credit functions. These functions include, but are not limited to, underwriting and monitoring of consumer, small business, fleet, and dealer credit. He also oversees the management of dealer inventory and financial audits, wholesale administration, fleet services, and consumer and commercial funding for the company’s Americas region. He has a team of more than 250 employees throughout Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Mexico and the United States. Kaefer is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team and the Daimler Truck Financial U.S. executive leadership team, as well as the chairman of the company’s regional credit review committee.
Prior to this position, he was Director of Sales Development and Strategy at Mercedes-Benz Bank in Stuttgart, Germany. Kaefer joined Daimler AG in 1993 as a Trainee of Mercedes-Benz Finanz GmbH in Germany. He then held several positions with increasing responsibility in sales, marketing, and credit. In 2002, Kaefer moved to the United States in the role of Senior Manager overseeing the executive office of the President and CEO of DaimlerChrysler Services. Between 2005 and 2008, Kaefer held the position of Vice President of Marketing for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services.
Kaefer earned a master’s degree in Business from the University of Hohenheim, Stuttgart-Hohenheim, Germany.


Stefan Karrenbauer, President & Chief Executive Officer, Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Canada Corporation
Stefan Karrenbauer is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Canada. In this role, he oversees an office of 195 employees and manages the Canadian division of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services and Daimler Truck Financial. He is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
Under his management, the Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Canada team has achieved record customer satisfaction index scores for both Mercedes-Benz Financial Services and Daimler Truck Financial. The company has also ranked as one of the top 10 Best Workplaces in Canada by the Great Place to Work® Institute for three consecutive years.
Karrenbauer joined Daimler in 1996 as Head of Strategic Projects for Daimler Financial Services in Berlin. He has held several positions in Europe and North America, including the Chief Operating Officer of both Mercedes-Benz Bank Germany and Mercedes-Benz Financial Services France. He also served as the head of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services Belgium and Luxembourg.
Karrenbauer is a member of the Canadian Finance & Leasing Association’s Executive Committee, and is on the Linde + Wiemann Advisory Board in Germany. He is fluent in German, English and French. He earned a master’s in Business Administration from Northwood University in Michigan and from the Universität zu Köln in Germany.


Janet Marzett, Vice President of Operations Americas
Janet Marzett has been Vice President of Operations Americas for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA, LLC. In this role, she is responsible for all operational functions, including customer service and collections in the company’s Americas region. Under her leadership, the Operations organization employs more than 500 people. Marzett is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
Prior to her current position, Marzett was Vice President of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services (U.S.) Customer Service, Collections and Remarketing. Marzett joined the company as a Retail Credit Investigator in Dallas in January, 1980. Some of her notable roles include Vice President of Human Resources and Administrative Services and Zone Manager (Kansas City), where she was responsible for sales and operations. She also held various positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Manager – Dallas Customer Contact Center and Customer Service Manager, among others.
As a champion of diversity and inclusion, Marzett is a member of Daimler AG’s Global Diversity Council, which helps steer the strategic direction of the company’s diversity and inclusion initiatives. Marzett holds a bachelor’s degree in Business Marketing from The University of Texas.

 Geoff Robinson, Vice President of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services
Geoff Robinson is currently the Vice President of Mercedes-Benz Financial Services. In this role, he oversees operations within Mercedes-Benz Financial Services in the United States, leading a team of approximately 180 employees. He is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
Prior to his current role, Robinson was Vice President of Marketing and Chief Digital Officer. In this role he was responsible for defining and executing marketing and communications strategies for the company’s U.S. portfolio. Robinson was also responsible for leading the Digital Transformation Office, a team dedicated to accelerating the company’s vision of providing a first-class digital experience for dealers and customers.
Robinson joined the company in 1990 as an Area Manager for Mercedes-Benz Finance in the U.K. Since then, he has held several roles of increasing responsibility in both the U.S. and the U.K. including Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Remarketing for Daimler Truck Financial in the U.S., Managing Director of Daimler Fleet Management in the U.K. and General Manager of Sales for Daimler Financial Services in the U.K.
Robinson earned a bachelor’s degree in Social Sciences & Legal Studies from Sheffield Hallam University in England.


Michelle Spreitzer, Vice President and General Counsel
Michelle D. Spreitzer is currently Vice President of General Counsel & Corporate Secretary. In this role, she is responsible for all legal activities for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA, as well as the financial services legal teams in the company’s Americas region, including Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Colombia and Mexico. Spreitzer leads a staff of 25 and is a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
In her previous role, Spreitzer was Assistant General Counsel, in the division of Regulatory, Consumer Finance and Employment Law. Spreitzer joined the company in 1996 as Staff Counsel. Before working for Daimler, Spreitzer was Staff Counsel in the Financial Services and Regulatory division for Michigan National Corporation and a Litigation Associate for Dickinson Wright in Detroit.
Spreitzer earned a juris doctorate, cum laude, from Wayne State University, where she also earned her bachelor’s degree in Social Work. Spreitzer is a member of the State Bar of Michigan and the Society for Human Resource Management.


Brian Stevens, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Brian Stevens is currently the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services and is responsible for directing all Finance & Controlling activities for the company’s Americas region, leading a team of approximately 150 employees. Stevens is also a member of the company’s Americas Region executive leadership team.
Stevens joined the company in 1996 as a Financial Analyst, International Operations. Since then, he has held several finance and controlling positions of increasing responsibility including Manager of Asset-Backed Securitization Programs, Senior Manager of Planning and Reporting and Assistant Controller. In his previous position, Brian was Director of Finance and Controlling – Europe, Africa, and Asia Pacific. Before joining Daimler, he worked for Ernst & Young, LLP.
Stevens has a master’s degree in Finance from Duke University and a bachelor’s degree in Accounting from Grand Valley State University. He is a member of the Duke Alumni Association and also spends his time volunteering with Habitat for Humanity and the Rochester Soccer Club.


Johan Swart, Vice President, Information Technology Management
Johan Swart is currently Vice President of Information Technology Management and Chief Information Officer at Mercedes-Benz Financial Services. In his current role, he leads more than 600 team members and directs overall IT strategy, resource planning, budgeting and operational initiatives for the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil and Argentina. He is also a member of the Daimler Financial Services Americas Region executive leadership team.
Previously, Swart was Senior Manager of IT Management for Mercedes-Benz Financial Services and one of the co-leads for the Nexus project, a large-scale multi-million dollar program, which delivered an innovative technology solution to replace the company’s core contract management system. He joined Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA as an IT Senior Manager in 2006 after serving as the CIO of Financial Services and Sales for Mercedes-Benz South Africa, where he led the full integration of Information Technologies Management functions for the company’s various IT units. Swart began his career with Mercedes-Benz South Africa in 1998 as a Business Analyst in the IT division.
Swart earned a diploma in Information Technology Management from Pretoria Technicon in South Africa, and is a graduate of the International Institute for Management Development in Lausanne, Switzerland.






















 


Drew Slaven | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Drew SlavenVice President Marketing at Mercedes-Benz USALocationUnited StatesIndustryAutomotiveCurrentMercedes-Benz USA, Mercedes Benz USAPreviousMercedes-Benz USA, JPMorgan Chase, McCannEducationUniversity of Pittsburgh500+ connectionsView Drew’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Drew’s Full ProfileExperienceVice President MarketingMercedes-Benz USAJanuary 2014  –  Present (3 years 7 months)Chief Marketing Officer for Mercedes-Benz passenger cars.  Member of Executive Management Team responsible for all marketing activities and product management.General Manager - MarketingMercedes Benz USAJuly 2007  –  Present (10 years 1 month)Senior Manager in charge of marketing communications for Mercedes-Benz and smart car within the United States.  Areas of responsibilities include advertising, media, digital, social media, product placement, CRM, branded entertainment and sponsorships.Department Manager - AdvertisingMercedes-Benz USAAugust 2002  –  July 2007 (5 years)VP Manager Mass CommunicationsJPMorgan ChaseAugust 1998  –  August 2002 (4 years 1 month)Influential in developing communication programs for numerous product lines within the consumer banking division of Chase.Accounting SupervisorMcCannMay 1994  –  August 1998 (4 years 4 months)Greater New York City AreaManaged accounts at leading global agency for clients that included Chase Bank, Ferrero, Johnson&Johnson among others.SkillsAdvertisingAccount ManagementAutomotiveAutomobileMarketing CommunicationsMarketing StrategyProduct ManagementProduct MarketingRelationship MarketingSalesSocial MediaBrand ManagementCRMCompetitive AnalysisCustomer RetentionSee 11+ManagementIntegrated MarketingMarketingCross-functional Team LeadershipDirect MarketingDigital MarketingStrategic PlanningLeadershipMarket ResearchMarketing ManagementSponsorshipSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversity of PittsburghMBA, MarketingMBA, Marketing1992  –  1993View Drew’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Drew directlyView Drew’s Full ProfileNot the Drew you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedLeyla IbrahimSenior Marketing Events at Mercedes-Benz USADana Brancaccio AntiorioMercedes-Benz USASandy JohnsonTalent Acquisition & Development ManagerDietmar ExlerPresident and CEO at Mercedes-Benz USAAlexa HarnettMarketing Communications Department Head at Mercedes-Benz USALars N. MinnsEvin BrinkerConnecting Top Talent with Opportunities! Talent Acquisition Recruiter at Mercedes-Benz USAMark AikmanGeneral Manager, Marketing Services at Mercedes-Benz USAAbbi TrotzTalent Acquisition at Mercedes-Benz USAPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Drew SlavenFirst NameLast NameExample:  Drew SlavenJames Andrew SlavenCEO, Product Design & Development WarriorUnited StatesAndrew SlavenStudent at University of Michigan DearbornUnited StatesAndrew Slaven--United StatesMore professionals named Drew SlavenJobs similar to Drew’sMercedes-Benz USA jobsLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















 



Daimler Trucks | Daimler > Company > Business Units > Daimler Trucks


























































Provider/Privacy







Provider/Privacy



Daimler AGMercedesstraße 13770327 StuttgartGermanyPhone.: +49 711 17 0E-mail: dialog@daimler.com


Represented by the Board of Management: Dieter Zetsche (Chairman), Martin Daum, Renata Jungo Brüngger, Ola Källenius, Wilfried Porth, Britta Seeger, Hubertus Troska, Bodo UebberChairman of the Supervisory Board: Manfred BischoffCommercial Register Stuttgart, No. HRB 19360VAT registration number: DE 81 25 26 315



Legal Notice
Cookies
Privacy Statement










 









What are you looking for?























Did you mean: {{suggestion}}


{{count_search_result}} Search Results
Sorry, no results found for your query {{searchquery}}
Make sure that all words are spelled correctly.
Try different keywords
Try it with general keywords.

 





Alle Ergebnisse







Search Options





all categories







{{count}} of {{total}} results

 






Show more results








 
 
 




Business Units








Daimler Trucks
Five strong truck brands



 



















The Daimler Trucks umbrella encompasses five strong truck brands, offering pioneering technologies and tailor-made products for disparate applications all over the world.



Commercial vehicles – no economy in the world can function without them




Download

   Daimler Trucks at a Glance. Edition 2017.  PDF (12.47 MB)    





Food, clothing, furniture, building materials – these and numerous other items are transported by truck from point A to point B every day. As the largest manufacturer of trucks over six tonnes we have a global footprint and build the right trucks for each particular market. Our international family is made up of five brands. Whether the name is Mercedes-Benz, Freightliner, FUSO, Western Star or BharatBenz, they all share one thing in common: we build trucks you can trust. We have vehicles to suit every purpose, with a product range that includes light-, medium- and heavy-duty trucks for long-haul, short-radius distribution and construction site operations. The portfolio is rounded off with a range of special-purpose vehicles, including for municipal operations.










The art of engineering: the most beautiful form of art for us at Daimler Trucks
As technology leader we aspire to shape the future of transport actively. After all, it is clear that the haulage sector will continue to grow sharply over the next few decades. Here the challenges we face as a manufacturer are formidable: more than ever there is a need to reconcile the demands of the environment and the economy – and that can only be achieved through innovations. Latest testimony to our technology leadership comes in the shape of our autonomous Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025 or also the first autonomous truck licensed for use on public roads in Nevada/USA, the Freightliner Inspiration Truck. Furthermore we have sent the Mercedes-Benz Actros with Highway Pilot, the world's first autonomous series-production truck, out onto a German motorway. We offer our customers the leading-edge technologies that they need for their business to be successful. When it comes to efficiency, safety and connectivity we lead the way and continue to raise the bar. In these areas we are constantly working on new technologies, which provide our customers with financial benefits and promote society's interests. Fuel consumption is a key factor in determining a truck's overall running costs – making it a decisive purchasing argument for our customers. That's why we take full advantage of the technological possibilities of further reducing the fuel consumption of our trucks: compared with the previous Actros model, the average consumption has been cut by up to 13 percent since 2011, thanks to the introduction of the new Actros, the Predictive Powertrain Control system and the new engine generation. We are also a pioneer in the area of safety, having added a host of key innovations for active and passive safety to our vehicles. The blind spot monitoring system, for instance, warns truck drivers when turning not only of other road users, but also of imminent collisions with stationary obstacles such as traffic lights or road signs. While it may still be some time before autonomous trucks are approved for usage on public roads worldwide, connectivity is already a routine part of daily life for many long-distance drivers. The usage of state-of-the-art telematics systems offers fleet operators major benefits: overall they benefit from lower fuel consumption and higher vehicle availability. Telematics is therefore a key component in the connected truck.























Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025
Picture 1 of 8



 


















Mercedes-Benz Future Truck 2025
Picture 2 of 8



 


















Freightliner Inspiration Truck
Picture 3 of 8



 


















Freightliner Inspiration Truck
Picture 4 of 8



 


















Freightliner Cascadia Evolution
Picture 5 of 8



 


















FUSO Canter 3,5t
Picture 6 of 8



 


















Western Star 6900 Series
Picture 7 of 8



 


















BharatBenz 4023 TT and 4928TT
Picture 8 of 8



 












Previous Image
Next Image











Hide information






Picture  of  


















































 
 
 



Our brands give us a global presence that enables us to offset regional market weaknesses. Our aim is to strengthen our leading position as technology leader in traditional markets such as Europe, North America or Japan, while gradually establishing ourselves in the new markets: in India, for instance, we have created a new brand for local requirements in the shape of BharatBenz. All vehicles are produced locally and can be used for a wide range of applications: from the haulage through to the construction sector. Within no time at all, the youngest member of the Daimler Trucks family has become a firm fixture in India's commercial vehicle industry. With heavy-duty trucks we are already among the three top-selling vehicles. At the same time, we are also opening up new markets, for instance in Africa and Asia, with FUSO trucks made in India. Joint ventures give us access to other important growth markets such as Russia and China.


We also leverage our strong technological position and global presence to the best of our ability in order to boost our business – with the help of intelligent platforms and shared modular component systems. This enables us to deliver trucks that are tailored to our customers' needs, wherever in the world they may be, and at the same time to leverage our size to gain competitive advantage. We achieve this by bringing innovative cutting-edge technology to the core markets in the triad (Western Europe, North America, Japan). We are using our classic and tried-and-tested technology in markets such as Brazil, China and Russia. We serve markets such as India, Africa and, to a certain extent, Asia with simple, locally produced technology. This enables us to make huge cost savings because technology that has already been developed and is tried and tested (e.g. engine, transmission, axles) can be used in many markets. We are also leveraging the advantages of a global platform architecture for the new generation of heavy-duty engines: usage of over 80% shared parts allows us to leverage development synergies and roll out new innovations faster on a global scale. 





Divisional Board of Daimler Trucks












Martin Daum
Head of Daimler Trucks & Buses














Stefan E. Buchner
responsible for Europe/Latin America and the vehicle brand Mercedes-Benz














Roger Nielsen
responsible for the NAFTA region and the vehicle brands Freightliner, Western Star and Thomas Built Buses














Marc Llistosella
responsible for Asia and the vehicle brands FUSO and BharatBenz














Sven Ennerst
responsible for Truck Product Engineering and Global Procurement














Dr. Frank Reintjes
responsible for Global Powertrain and Manufacturing Engineering Trucks














Jochen Götz
responsible for Finance and Controlling Daimler Trucks and Daimler Buses









 € 1,948 m 
EBIT 2016
previous year 2,576 m €


 € 33,187 m 
Revenue 2016
previous year 37,578 m €


 5.9 % 
Return on sales 2016
previous year 6.9 %


 € 1,243 m 
Investment in property, plant and equipment 2016
previous year 1,110 m €


 € 1,264 m 
R & D expenditure 2016
previous year 1,293 m €


 415,108 
(units) Unit sales 2016
previous year 502,478










More Information





 Key Figures Divisions 


 





 Daimler Trucks 
 interactive Annual Report 2016 


 

















 Our truck products 


 








Home
Company
Business Units
Daimler Trucks




to top



 










Usage of cookies


In order to optimize the website and for continuous improvement Daimler uses cookies. You agree to the usage of cookies when you continue using this site.


Further details can be found in our cookies notes
Close















































Mercedes-Benz Financial Services - Great Place to Work Reviews










































Get Certified
Pricing 























Toggle navigation 





Browse Companies










By Industry
                                            



By Size
                                        



By State
                                            






By Industry


Advertising & Marketing (43)
Aerospace (2)
Agriculture (1)
Architecture & Design (3)
Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals (16)
Construction & Real Estate (30)
Education & Training (8)
Electronics (4)
Engineering (11)
Financial Services & Insurance (85)
Health Care (58)
Hospitality (15)
 Industrial Services (3)
Information Technology (115)
Manufacturing & Production (30)
Media (7)
Mining and Quarrying (1)
Other (36)
Professional Services (93)
Retail (36)
Social Services and Government Agencies (1)
Telecommunications (7)
Transportation (12)


See all






By Size

Small Companies
Medium Companies
Large Companies

See all






By State


Alabama (5)
Arizona (9)
Arkansas (2)
California (114)
Colorado (17)
Connecticut (6)
Delaware (3)
District Of Columbia (1)
Florida (23)
Georgia (16)
Hawaii (1)
Illinois (37)
Indiana (5)
Iowa (5)
Kansas (1)
 Louisiana (2)
Maine (2)
Maryland (10)
Massachusetts (20)
Michigan (18)
Minnesota (10)
Mississippi (2)
Missouri (9)
Nebraska (4)
Nevada (3)
New Hampshire (2)
New Jersey (18)
New York (75)
North Carolina (16)
Ohio (16)
 Oklahoma (8)
Oregon (3)
Pennsylvania (20)
Tennessee (13)
Texas (59)
Utah (8)
Vermont (2)
Virginia (17)
Washington (19)
Wisconsin (13)


See all


























Useful Stuff







Quiz
 WHAT WOULD MAKE WORK GREAT FOR YOU?

									GO TO QUIZ






Tools

Quiz: What Would Make Work Great For You?
Compare Company Tool
About Us
Webinars









Rankings



















Advertising & Marketing
Baby Boomers
the Bay Area
Camaraderie
Diversity
Financial Services & Insurance
Flexibility
Fortune 100 Best Companies
Gen-Xers
Giving Back
Health Care
Manufacturing & Production
Medium Workplaces
Millennials


Multinational Companies
PEOPLE Companies that Care
Professional Services
Recent Grads
Retail
to Retire From
Small Workplaces
Technology
Women

























Error

×
No such review














 

 
 





Mercedes-Benz Financial Services




                            Nominate Your Workplace >
                    	











  



                        At Mercedes-Benz Financial Services, 94 percent of employees say their workplace is great.                    





                        EMPLOYEE RATINGS                    




GREAT CHALLENGES                             95%





GREAT ATMOSPHERE                             96%





GREAT REWARDS                             96%





GREAT PRIDE                             98%





GREAT COMMUNICATION                             96%





GREAT BOSSES                             95%



 Legend                                 Often or almost always                                 Sometimes                               




GreatPerks 
 How toget hired 




                            This review is based on 1062 employee surveys, with a 95% confidence level and a margin of error of ± 0.76. It was published on Oct 16, 2015. 12550 Visitors                        


Share this Review



  Jobs                               From Mercedes-Benz Financial Services                                                        	   Compare                                                           Great Perks                               Employee Quotes                               How to get hired                          








What Employees Say
People celebrate special events around here.

97%
 


I'm proud to tell others I work here.

97%
 


I feel good about the ways we contribute to the community.

96%
 


Our facilities contribute to a good working environment.

95%
 


I am able to take time off from work when I think it's necessary.

95%
 

What They DoWe asked Mercedes-Benz Financial Services to explain what they do. Here is what they had to say.Mercedes-Benz Financial Services is an automotive financial services provider within Daimler Financial Services, which operates in 40 countries as the global financial services arm of Daimler AG.About this Company Website:  mbfs.com/corp US Headquarters:  Farmington Hills, Michigan US Sites:  4 Major Locations:  Fort Worth, Texas; Farmington Hills, Mich.; Fort Mill, S.C.; Atlanta, Ga. Stock Symbol: DAI US Employees:  1194 Founded:  2007 Industry:  Financial Services & Insurance


Mercedes-Benz Financial Services has been awarded:

Best Workplaces in Financial Services & Insurance 2016
		    
		    				(ranked 11)
		    
			

Best Workplaces for Women 2016
		    
		    				(ranked 78)
		    
			

Best Workplaces for Millennials 2016
		    
		    				(ranked 36)
		    
			

Best Workplaces in Financial Services 2015
		    
		    				(ranked 7)
		    
			

Best Workplaces for Millennials 2015
		    
		    				(ranked 74)
		    
			




 


 Perks and ProgramsWe asked Mercedes-Benz Financial Services to share a few programs they feel really capture what's unique about their workplace. Here is what they had to say.Vehicle Programs: Employees are encouraged to drive a Mercedes-Benz and experience the product firsthand through discount lease programs or a 23 percent employee discount off the manufacturer's suggested retail price.Wellness Program: Employees and their spouses or same-sex domestic partners have access to a wellness program that assists with goals such as smoking cessation, stress reduction, weight loss and other positive life changes.





Flexible Work Options: Employees may, with managers' permission, make flexible work arrangements such as working at home, compressed workweeks, job sharing and reduced work hours. Instead of offering a limited number of sick days, the company trusts employees to take time off for illness as needed and work it out with their managers.Running and Walking Club: This employee-led club encourages people to stay fit by getting active. To increase participation, there is a friendly competition between the company’s two main locations (Fort Worth and Farmington Hills) to see which group can accumulate the most miles over a nine-month time period. There are more than 150 employee members in the running/walking club -- including the CEO.Success Stories: A recognition program acknowledges commitment, effort and achievements that support the organization’s goals and values while focusing on customer experiences. Individuals are recognized and receive awards and their colleagues have a chance to learn from their success as their stories are shared among teams and departments. Managers can also provide recognition to individual team members through Success Stories points that employees can redeem for cash using a custom-designed Visa debit card. Managers can also purchase branded merchandise on behalf of employees.COMPENSATION BY THE NUMBERS $138,330  Average salary and additional cash compensation for System Specialist 75%  401(k) match of employee's contribution, up to 6% of an employee's salary 93%  Company-paid health coverage for employees 90%  Company-paid health coverage for dependents 30 hours  Weekly hours at which part-timers receive health care coverage $5250  College Tuition ReimbursementCOMPENSATION PROGRAMS401(k) or 403b planPre-tax savings accountDeferred profit-sharing planPERKS TO MAKE LIFE EASIERFree beverages during the dayTake-home meals on a regular, daily basisMassage therapyFitness classesDry cleaningPersonal travel serviceSubsidized lunch on a regular, daily basisOn-site package/mailing serviceDiscount ticket salesCar washBankingWORK-LIFE BALANCE BY THE NUMBERS 30 days  Holidays & vacation days after one year of employment $1,000  Adoption benefit 90 days  Job protected maternity leave 5 days  Paid leave for adoptive parentsWORK-LIFE BALANCE PROGRAMSFlexible schedule (50% use it)Job sharingLactation room(s)Telecommute option (25% use it)Compressed work weeks (1% use it)Elder care resourcesHEALTH INSURANCE COVERSDental carePrescription drug subsidyAlternative treatments, such as acupuncture, homeopathy, or chiropracticVision careMental health careFertility treatmentsONSITE HEALTH BENEFITSCholesterol testsFlu shotsFitness centerBlood pressure screeningComplete biometric screeningSubsidized offsite gym membershipsDemographics 

 













  
How to Get HiredWe asked Mercedes-Benz Financial Services for some inside information on how to get hired at the organization. Here is what they had to say.What key characteristics tell you a prospective employee will be a great fit for your company?Any qualified candidate who displays our Core Values will be an excellent fit for the company. These values include: Integrity, Openness and Respect; Financial and Social Responsibility; Inspired, Empowered and Diverse People; Customer Focus; and Commitment to Excellence.What can prospective employees do to get your attention?Demonstrate customer focus, strategic thinking and adaptability. Be yourself. Mercedes-Benz Financial Services values the unique perspectives that each prospective employee brings to the table.Are there any unusual or especially rigorous steps of your hiring process that candidates should be aware of?Mercedes-Benz Financial Services conducts a comprehensive behavior-based interview process and a culture fit assessment. Some positions may require an added technical competency test.Are there any positions or types of candidates you are particularly focused on hiring in this coming year?This year and for the foreseeable future we are focused on skilled candidates who have an incomparable customer focus/service attitude.What should interested candidates do to find out more and get started?Visit our corporate website to view and apply for open positions. You can also follow us on Facebook and LinkedIn.hiring Outlook 6%  Job Growth 29  Average applicants per opening 7%  Total voluntary turnover of full-time employees in the past year 5562  Applicants in past year 189  Openings in past year 10%  New hires by employee referrals
Follow Mercedes-Benz Financial Services





Tweets by @MercedesBenzFS




Related Companies

































 






 

 
 





© 2017 Great Place to Work® Institute. All Rights Reserved.


About UsJob Seeker InsightsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy


 
 















Boondock Saints II-All Saints Day (DVD / WS 2.35 A / DD 5.1 / ENG-KO-CH-SUB) Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, Billy Connolly, Julie Benz, Peter Fonda - Newegg.com





















































































Skip to:
Content
|
|
Footer



Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg.
If you are reading this message, Please  click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button).  Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message.
Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More!


	If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. 
	Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly.
	












Feedback


















    iframe for layout








Home > 
Software & Services > Books - Textbooks > DVD, Blu-ray - Movies & TV > Sony Pictures Home Entertainment > Item#: 9SIAA763XB6602





























Back To Combo





Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality.






















                Boondock Saints II-All Saints Day (DVD / WS 2.35 A / DD 5.1 / ENG-KO-CH-SUB) Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, Billy Connolly, Julie Benz, Peter Fonda
            


















        Share
    






















                    Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days.
                


                Sold and Shipped by Deep_Discount a-seller
Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Marketplace Seller








                            Sean Patrick Flanery
                        

                            Norman Reedus
                        

                            Action
                        

                            Director Troy Duffy
                        

                            DVD
                        
















    LOADING...













Boondock Saints II-All Saints Day (DVD / WS 2.35 A / DD 5.1 / ENG-KO-CH-SUB) Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, Billy Connolly, Julie Benz, Peter Fonda




                                Ships from United States. Most customers receive within 6-10 days.
                            









Back To Top




Specifications

Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A









Specifications

Warranty & Returns
Reviews
Q&A









Plot|Movie TitlesBoondock Saints II-All Saints DaySynopsisWhen a priest is murdered in Boston, the MacManus brothers abandon their secluded life in Ireland to look into the case.Details|FormatDVDColorColorRatingRRatingReasonBloody violence, language and some nudityGenreActionRuntime118 minutesSubtitleCantonese, English, French, Korean, Portuguese, SpanishYear2009Release Date03-09-2010 (DVD)StudioSony PicturesCast and Crew|DirectorTroy DuffyStar 1Sean Patrick FlaneryStar 2Norman ReedusCastSean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, Billy Connolly, Julie Benz, Peter Fonda





Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information



Manufacturer Contact Info
Manufacturer Product Page|
Website: http://www.sonypictures.com/|
Support Email: consumer@SPHECustomerSupport.sony.com|
Support Website|
View other products from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment






Return Policies
This item is covered by Deep_Discount Return Policy.








 Loading...
	        



	        Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details.















            Loading...
        














Select options to continue.











Sold and Shipped by:

Deep_Discount






            Ask 
                Deep_Discount about:
        











Boondock Saints II-All Saints Day (DVD / WS 2.35 A / DD 5.1 / ENG-KO-CH-SUB) Sean Patrick Flanery, Norman Reedus, Billy Connolly, Julie Benz, Peter Fonda


Your Email

This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your  email to contact you



                        What's your question?(0/500)


This field is required.


Anti-Spam Validation



                        Submit ►












Rating:0/5 (43)




Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee.
Marketplace Seller









Add to Compare




Add to Wish List







Selected Items



Reset
compare






















                Are you an E-Blast Insider?
            

                     
                










        Thank you for subscribing
    

        Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours.
    

        Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery.
    

        See Today's E-Blast Promo
    









Shop without retyping payment details.  Secure shopping made faster.Check out with PayPal.




































Price Available at Checkout
Why can’t we show you details of this product?Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.

How do I find out the price?Add it to your shopping cartGo to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order SummaryYou can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" buttonTo keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product?Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.


Why can’t we show you details of this product?Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.












                        Policy & Agreement
                    | 
                        Privacy Policy
                    
                
         © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.
		 All rights reserved.
    




 
Close














                        close window
                    





    If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.

















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: All Sony Pictures Titles: Movies & TV












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All Sony Pictures Titles



All Sony Pictures Titles
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Movies & TV New Releases Best Sellers Deals Blu-ray TV Shows Kids & Family Anime All Genres Amazon Video Prime Video Your Video Library Trade-In




















































































Best sellers




Previous page






Secret Window













	Johnny Depp, John Turturro...




	
		Amazon Video
	



640



$9.99  








Smurfs: The Lost Village













	Kelly Asbury, Jordan Kerner...




	
		DVD
	



20



$30.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.96  









Underworld: Blood Wars













	Kate Beckinsale, Theo James...




	
		Blu-ray
	



753



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  









Made Of Honor













	Patrick Dempsey, Michelle Monaghan...




	
		Amazon Video
	



380



$9.99  








Outlander - Season 2













	Sam Heughan, Tobias Menzies...




	
		DVD
	



7,575



$45.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $24.96  









Resident Evil: The Final Chapter













	Milla Jovovich, Ruby Rose...




	
		Blu-ray
	



475



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  









Stalker (Feature) [Blu-ray]













	Alisa Freyndlikh, Aleksandr Kaydanovskiy...




	
		Blu-ray
	



112



$39.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.97  









Resident Evil: Vendetta [Blu-ray]













	Takanori Tsujimoto, Hiroyasu Shinohara...




	
		Blu-ray
	



45



$26.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.96  









Spider-Man Trilogy Limited Edition...













	Tobey Maguire




	
		Blu-ray
	



7



$49.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $29.49  









War Room













	Alex Kendrick, Priscilla Shirer...




	
		DVD
	



6,827



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.96  









Anne of Green Gables Trilogy Box Set













	Kevin Sullivan, Megan Follows...




	
		DVD
	



1,301



$79.98 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $46.94  









The Magnificent Seven [Blu-ray]













	Denzel Washington, Chris Pratt...




	
		Blu-ray
	



4,122



$25.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.98  









The Fifth Element [Blu-ray]













	Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman...




	
		Blu-ray
	



129



$14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.69  









Passengers [Blu-ray]













	Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt...




	
		Blu-ray
	



1,988



$26.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  









Underworld: The Legacy Collection













	Kate Beckinsale




	
		Blu-ray
	



396



$45.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $24.99  









Life [Blu-ray]













	Jake Gyllenhaal, Rebecca Ferguson...




	
		Blu-ray
	



486



$34.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.99  









Seinfeld: The Complete Series













	Jerry Seinfeld, Julia Louis-Dreyfus...




	
		DVD
	



1,095



$149.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $79.37  









Outlander: Season One - Volume Two













	Graham McTavish, Sam Heughan...




	
		DVD
	



5,183



$38.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.28  









Outlander: Season One - Volume One













	Caitriona Balfe, Sam Heughan...




	
		DVD
	



9,661



$38.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $24.36  









Justified: The Complete Series













	Timothy Olyphant, Nick Searcy...




	
		DVD
	



289



$149.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $52.82  



Next page












1-16 of 13,015 results for Movies & TV : Studio Specials : Sony Pictures Home Entertainment : All Sony Pictures Titles



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals




















Secret Window2004PG-13CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with STARZ on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
12
99

Rent or Buy 
4.4 out of 5 stars
640Starring:Johnny Depp, John Turturro, Maria Bello, et al.Directed by:David KoeppRuntime:1 hr 35 minsSmurfs: The Lost Village2017PGDVD
$
17
96

$30.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$9.99(15 used &amp new offers)Blu-ray
$
19
96

$34.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.39(34 used &amp new offers)4K
$
25
96

$45.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.30(13 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.2 out of 5 stars
20Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardDirected by:Kelly AsburyRuntime:3 hrsBest Sellerin HorrorUnderworld: Blood Wars2017RBlu-ray
$
12
99

$19.95PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$11.49(32 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
14
49

$26.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$9.99(30 used &amp new offers)4K
$
24
19

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$11.11(38 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4 out of 5 stars
748Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Kate Beckinsale, Theo James, et al.Directed by:Anna FoersterRuntime:1 hr 31 minsMade Of Honor2008PG-13CCAmazon Video0.00Watch with STARZ on Amazon Channels.
$
3
99-$
12
99

Rent or Buy 
4.3 out of 5 stars
380Starring:Michelle Monaghan, Kevin McKidd, et al.Directed by:Paul WeilandRuntime:1 hr 41 minsOutlander - Season 22016UnratedDVD
$
24
96

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$20.19(31 used &amp new offers)Blu-ray
$
29
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$18.41(32 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.9 out of 5 stars
7,575Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Sam Heughan, Tobias Menzies, et al.Runtime:12 hrs 54 minsResident Evil: The Final Chapter2017RBlu-ray
$
12
99

$16.08PrimeExclusively for Prime MembersGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23More Buying Choices$6.40(37 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
14
45

$26.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.96(25 used &amp new offers)4K
$
24
99

$27.10PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$11.41(42 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
3.7 out of 5 stars
469Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Milla Jovovich, Ruby Rose, Ali Larter, et al.Directed by:Paul AndersonRuntime:1 hr 46 minsStalker2017UnratedBlu-rayFeature
$
22
97

$39.95PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$22.97(10 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
16
89

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 9 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$11.02(14 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.3 out of 5 stars
112Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Alisa Freyndlikh, Aleksandr Kaydanovskiy, et al.Directed by:Andrei TarkovskyRuntime:2 hrs 41 minsResident Evil: Vendetta2017RBlu-ray
$
17
96

$26.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$12.99(13 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
15
96

$25.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$15.95(9 used &amp new offers)4K
$
19
96

$34.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersTemporarily out of stock. Order now and we'll deliver when available.More Buying Choices$18.89(5 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.1 out of 5 stars
45Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardDirected by:Takanori TsujimotoRuntime:1 hr 37 minsSpider-Man Trilogy Limited Edition Collection2017UnratedBlu-ray
$
29
49

PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.99(18 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.5 out of 5 stars
7Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardRuntime:11 hrsWar Room2015PGDVD
$
9
96

PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$7.59(50 used &amp new offers)Blu-rayBlu-ray + UltraViolet
$
13
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$8.19(49 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.9 out of 5 stars
6,825Starring:Alex Kendrick, T.C. Stallings, et al.Directed by:Alex KendrickRuntime:2 hrsAnne of Green Gables Trilogy Box Set2006NRDVD
$
46
94

$79.98PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$22.98(22 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.6 out of 5 stars
1,301See DetailsSave an extra $1.11 at checkout. See DetailsTrade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Kevin Sullivan, Megan Follows, et al.Runtime:10 hrs 44 minsBest Sellerin WesternsThe Magnificent Seven2016PG-13Blu-ray
$
10
98

$25.99PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$4.39(57 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
9
87

$19.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$4.25(51 used &amp new offers)4K
$
19
99

$30.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$11.48(30 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.1 out of 5 stars
4,120Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Denzel Washington, Chris Pratt, et al.Directed by:Antoine FuquaRuntime:2 hrs 13 minsThe Fifth Element1997PG-13Blu-ray
$
5
69

$14.99PrimeExclusively for Prime MembersGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23More Buying Choices$5.69(29 used &amp new offers)4K
$
19
96

$30.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersUsually ships in 1 to 2 monthsMore Buying Choices$19.96(5 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.8 out of 5 stars
129Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Bruce Willis, Chris Tucker, Ian Holm, et al.Directed by:Luc BessonRuntime:2 hrs 6 minsPassengers2016PG-13Blu-ray
$
14
99

$26.99PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$10.43(34 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
12
96

$19.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$6.72(41 used &amp new offers)4K
$
19
96

$30.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$15.50(25 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.1 out of 5 stars
1,982Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Jennifer Lawrence, Chris Pratt, et al.Directed by:Morten TyldumRuntime:1 hr 56 minsUnderworld: The Legacy Collection2017UnratedBlu-rayUnderworld / Underworld: Evolution / Underworld: Rise of the Lycans / Underworld: Awakening
$
24
99

$45.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.35(39 used &amp new offers)DVD$28.09(4 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
4.4 out of 5 stars
396Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Kate BeckinsaleRuntime:1 hr 46 minsLife2017RBlu-ray
$
19
99

$24.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 23FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$7.94(34 used &amp new offers)DVD
$
17
96

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$9.99(18 used &amp new offers)4K
$
23
99

$45.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$15.66(20 used &amp new offers)See All Formats
3.1 out of 5 stars
482Trade in this item for an Amazon.com Gift CardStarring:Jake Gyllenhaal, Rebecca Ferguson, et al.Directed by:Daniel EspinosaRuntime:1 hr 44 mins

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
400
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.


Show results for
                                Movies & TV
                                Studio Specials
                                Sony Pictures Home EntertainmentAll Sony Pictures TitlesRefine byFormatBlu-rayDVDVHSUniversal Media DiscSee moreAmazon PrimeNew ReleasesLast 7 DaysLast 30 DaysLast 90 DaysComing SoonGenreAction & AdventureComedyDocumentaryDramaForeignHorrorKids & FamilyMusic Videos & ConcertsMystery & ThrillersRomanceScience FictionSpecial InterestsSee moreActorKate BeckinsaleTheo JamesMilla JovovichAli LarterRuby RoseGraham McTavishSam HeughanTobias MenziesSee moreDirectorAnna FoersterKelly AsburyPaul AndersonLuc BessonAndrei TarkovskyAlex KendrickAntoine FuquaSee morePackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligiblePrice$0 to $1$1 to $3$3 to $5$5 to $10$10 to $15$15 to $20Over $20Decade2010 & Newer2000 - 20091990 - 19991980 - 19891970 - 19791960 - 1969Up to 1960AvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates













Benz-Mgebrov (20mm) (98MU4HRTA) by PeterFitz










 




































Menu













Shop


Make A Product


Community










Sign In


Join










0







                You haven't added any 3D printed products yet.
            



Shop Marketplace
Gift Guide













































<div class="sw-email-modal sw--display-block">
    <div id="emailModalContentContainer">
      <span class="noty_close sw--position-absolute sw--position-right sw--padding-top-3 sw--padding-right-3 icon-cancel sw--opacity-8"></span>
      <div class="sw-row">
      <div class="sw-email-modal__copy sw--position-relative sw--display-block sw--padding-vert-4">
        <p class="last sw--font-size-16">Sign up to get email alerts on discount promotions. There might be one very soon...</p>
        <form action="/register/email-signup" class="sw-email-modal__signup sw--position-relative" data-confirmation="emailConfirmationModal" data-sw-email-modal-form>
        
        <input type="text" class="sw-email-modal__signup-input sw--input-height__medium" placeholder="Email address" name="email" />
        <input type="hidden" class="sw-email-modal__signup-input" name="location" value="/product/98MU4HRTA/benz-mgebrov-20mm" />
        <input type="hidden" class="sw-email-modal__signup-input" name="confirmation" value="emailConfirmationModal" />
        
        <input type="submit" class="btn-primary" value="Sign Up" />
          
        <div id="emailModalFormError" class="text-error" style="display:none"></div>
      </form>        
    </div>
  </div>
</div>








Upload



×





Shop And Discover



Make A Product



Community



Tools & Info



















Marketplace
Games
Tabletop & Wargaming

















    Click and drag to rotate

  













DIGITAL PREVIEW
          Not a Photo
        





White Strong & Flexible














DIGITAL PREVIEW
        Not a Photo
      

















Benz-Mgebrov (20mm)

Made By

MojoBob Design






Choose a Material



White Strong & Flexible - 
$15.00

Frosted Ultra Detail - 
$29.05







OVERVIEW


      3D printed in White Strong & Flexible:
      White nylon plastic with a matte finish and slight grainy feel.


Be the first to try.  Learn more


      This product is intended for mature audiences.
    





$15.00














Buy Now







2


1




List



Share






















Post to Followers



Share Link



Embed This Product

















Product Description

WW1 and Interwar armoured car.This model is 1/72 scale for use with 20mm figures.







What's in the Box



INCM







Benz-Mgebrov 20mm





White Strong & Flexible


Width
6.8 cm


Height
3.4 cm


Depth
2.5 cm




Width
2.7 in


Height
1.3 in


Depth
1.0 in



























MojoBob Design


    By Peter Fitzpatrick



View Shop

Send Message


Follow









More From This Shop










HMSLS "Improbable" (28mm)




$530.00














Austin-Kegresse (6mm)




$9.33














Lanchester MkII (6mm)




$9.49














Garford-Putilov (6mm 4-up)




$11.98

































             Comments
          







Sign In or Join to comment.
              
 



 


Report abuse















Get design inspiration and exclusive offers


























Hello.
We're sorry to inform you that we no longer support this browser and can't confirm that everything will work as expected. For the best Shapeways experience, please use one of the following browsers:


Get Google Chrome
Get Firefox
Get Internet Explorer latest version

Click anywhere outside this window to continue.










 


Mercedes-Benz USA
 | LinkedIn
 

























































































































LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

















Sports Cars, Luxury Cars, and Vehicles from Mercedes-Benz | Mercedes-Benz





























Home




My Account





Log In


Register








Vehicles





Sedans & Wagons


Coupes


SUVs


Convertibles & Roadsters


Hybrid & Electric


All Vehicles


Future Vehicles


Certified Pre-Owned







Shopping Tools





Build


Compare


Find a Dealer


View Inventory


Special Offers


Estimate a Payment


Request a Quote


Schedule a Test Drive


Apply for Credit


Trade-In Value







Owners





Mercedes me


Browse owners resources







Others





AMG


Mobile Apps


Contact Us


About Mercedes-Benz










All Vehicles




Sedans & Wagons
Coupes
SUVs
Convertibles & Roadsters
Hybrid & Electric





Sedans & Wagons



Coupes



SUVs



Convertibles & Roadsters



Hybrid & Electric








