

Bespoke Capital Partners - Global Leisure Partners













Global Leisure Partners LLP
20 Balderton Street, London, W1K 6TL, United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7016 8050, Fax: +44 (0) 20 7016 8060
Email: info@glp.uk.com
Web: www.globalleisurepartners.com







Home
 
About Us    Activities & Sector Focus    Transaction History    Bespoke Capital Partners    Team    Operating Partners    News    Contact Us

This new Ticwatch rolex replica watches  ages argent alternation and wrought replica watches uk  gold copy alone dialcolor and watchband is different, the watchband is ochre, white replica breitling snail, three styles of stainless steel.


















Careers


















Bespoke Capital Partners

Merchant Banking  Strategy 
Following the completion of the $182 million investment into 24 Hour Fitness that we did in partnership with Dean Bradley Osborne, the joint managing partners, Rob Berner and Mark Harms, have agreed to establish a 50/50 venture for additional merchant banking  transactions. Rob's entity RLB3 Partners, and GLCP, the principal investment  arm of GLP has established "Bespoke Capital Partners LLC ("Bespoke")". Bespoke  Capital Partners' name succinctly describes the business model:

Bespoke
The definition of bespoke is "custom made". Bespoke tailors solutions to  complex investment transactions requiring a thoughtful approach, deep sector  knowledge, and a clear understanding of the company's and other shareholder's  needs. 

24 Hour Fitness - the 24 Hour Fitness transaction was bespoke, in that we designed       solutions to a variety of issues that the sellers had identified (maximize       certainty, avoid an auction, achieve a fair price, manage a complex set of       timing and management issues). We brought in AEA and Ontario Teachers'       Pension Plan, together with a fully underwritten financing from JP Morgan,       to maximize certainty of closing. We met the seller's price objectives,       which enabled them to avoid a second auction process for the business. We       worked to the seller's timetable, as they were selling another business       and reached agreement with us, then put our deal on hold while they       finalized the other transaction, then completed ours quickly and       efficiently. As we had as GLP Operating Partners two outstanding sector       executives who were prepared to step in to run the company if necessary,       we were able to mitigate a potentially onerous management transition       issue. In the end we closed the deal expeditiously, including raising capital       in two months; inserted two GLP Operating Partners as the new CEO and       President of the company; and developed a value enhancement strategy which       is now in execution mode. The 24 Hour Fitness transaction is the model for       Bespoke.  


Nomacorc – the Nomacorc transaction is also bespoke, in       that we designed a transaction structure to meet the needs of the       Company's founder, Marc Noel, whose firm Noel Group is Bespoke's partner       in the investment, and also meet the needs of the selling shareholder       Summit Partners.  Marc Noel was seeking a partner who could bring a       long term perspective (potentially as long as ten years), a significant       amount of industrial knowledge (which we brought via Ken Lamb, the GLP       Operating Partner who is one of the world's leading experts on wine),       strategic and transactional value added (which GLP will do with its       presence in Europe), as well as a significant amount of capital (we raised       c $70 million and invested $47 million into Nomacorc).  Summit was       seeking to maximize certainty, avoid an auction, achieve a fair price, and       complete the deal quickly.  We worked to the Seller's timetable,       completing the transaction in approximately three months start to finish, raising the       needed debt and equity capital, completing due diligence, and enhancing a       carefully thought out platform development strategy.  Two GLP       Operating Partners, Ken Lamb and Bill Rogers, were instrumental in       completing the transaction and acted as consultants to the consortium.        They will join the board of Nomacorc as well as having board roles       in the General Partner of the fund we established to make the investment.         

Capital
              Bespoke will be in the capital raising business, as principal. We plan to  raise capital as sponsor or co-sponsor. As we have  total flexibility as to size and structure, we can tailor the amount and type  of capital that we provide to a given situation. We can make debt, mezzanine  and equity investments, with size ranging from  very small (<$50 m) to very large ($200+ million). 
Partners
Rob  Berner, Lindsay Harms, and Mark Harms are all partners in this venture, along  with the other investors in and shareholders of GLP. Bespoke will in every situation  partner with management, and likely also with GLP Operating Partners. For  larger transactions we will also partner with sector leading private equity  firms with which we have close and long standing relationships. We will  identify the "right" capital for each opportunity, and then bring together our  capital, and the transaction, in a highly thoughtful and structured way. We  will be partnering with the capital that we raise, and acting as a steward for and manager of this capital.
The Team
              The Managing  Partners are Robert Berner III and Mark Harms. The investment committee is  constituted of Rob Berner, and Lindsay and Mark Harms. The Managing Partners  will be supported by the GLP team in London, in particular by Michael Petschler.

Robert Berner III,  joint managing partner of BCP, is a highly experienced investor. Rob was a  senior Morgan Stanley banker, running the consumer group, prior to moving to  private equity. He first worked at Charterhouse, then joined Ripplewood  ultimately becoming the #2 partner there, then joined CVC to co-head their  North American business. Rob has completed over 20 buyouts in his private  equity career, investing over $2 billion. Rob left CVC to set up RLB3 Capital,  a holding company for his private investments.  Rob is currently chairman of three businesses: DDS, a circa $300m  retail distribution & services businesses owned by him and his brother in  law; Johnnie-O, a fast growing branded apparel company; and Lottery Rewards, a  business founded by the former CEO of the NY State Lottery. Rob is based in the  New York area.

The Strategy
              Bespoke Capital  Partners' objective is to invest in 5-10 portfolio companies over the next five  years, across the leisure and consumer space, in both the US and Europe,  creating a diversified portfolio of businesses. Our goal is to reach $1.0+ b in  AUM, investing between $10 m on the small end, to $200+ m on the high end, per  deal.
We will augment our  already powerful existing group of 65 GLP Operating Partners with additional  sector experts who can help us seek to manage, supervise and add value to the  investments in the portfolio. Our objective is to be disciplined regarding our investments.  We plan to take either significant minority stakes with strong governance  rights and carefully thought through exit provisions, or controlling stakes in  the businesses we back. We will not do passive co investment.
We will seek  transformational opportunities, either by investing in growth, industry  consolidation or turnaround situations. Opportunities that will be of interest  to us will combine an attractive valuation,  strong growth/turnaround prospects, and potential for operational improvement  leveraging our operating capabilities. We do not plan to participate in auctions. We will  seek a combination of transaction fees to help pay the overhead, and management  and incentive fees to compensate us for the value we expect to add.
We will expand our  partnering activities with the private equity firms that we regard as market  leaders and best in class, leveraging their infrastructure and expertise for  larger transactions, as well as access to debt financing. As many funds reduce  the absolute size of their commitments, they welcome value added partners such  as us, as an additional source of capital to augment their LP relationships.
We believe our business model  is compelling to many of the more sophisticated family office and institutional  investors, as with our model they don't have to pay management fees on  uninvested capital. They also have a direct say over whether or not they make  an investment, and will have a more aligned management and incentive fee  structure than is the norm with "traditional" private equity. We have a strong group of existing LP investors  desirous of more product from us, and a group of potential LP investors who  couldn't invest in either of 24 Hour or Nomacorc  primarily as a result of  timing issues.
GLP is a "women and  minority owned business" by virtue of the fact that Lindsay Harms is a  co-founder, equal controlling shareholder of GLP and board member of FCP. We  plan to build on this significant point of differentiation with both capital  providers and target companies.
 We are excited about the  next phase of growth of GLP, with a strong partner, a sound business plan, and  a lot of deal opportunities. We believe that the creation of Bespoke will help  our advisory business, as not every opportunity will be appropriate for  Bespoke. Our philosophy has always been to tailor solutions for our clients,  and invest where appropriate and welcomed, and we will continue to take this  approach. 












Home
 
About Us    Activities & Sector Focus    Transaction History    Bespoke Capital Partners    Team    Operating Partners    News    Contact Us




























Copyright ©  Global Leisure Partners. All Rights Reserved.    |    Legal Information    |    Privacy Policy
    website design by barely.average.design









BESPOKE CAPITAL STRATEGIES, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BESPOKE CAPITAL STRATEGIES, L.P.
                    

•   RICHMOND, VA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Bespoke Capital Strategies is based out of Richmond.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-27. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BESPOKE CAPITAL STRATEGIES, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




bespoke capital strategies, l.p.


C/O LOWE, BROCKENBROUGH &AMP; COMPANY, INC.

RICHMOND
VA
                                                        
                                                    23226


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      804-288-0404







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/27/2016
D/A filed on 12/23/2014
D filed on 01/09/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-27
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
90,232,000
INDEFINITE


2014-12-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
70,200,000
INDEFINITE


2014-01-09
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
36,437,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




AUSTIN   BROCKENBROUGH, III

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



AUSTIN   BROCKENBROUGH, IV

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



CHARLES M.  CARAVATI, III

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



CHRISTOPHER J.  DION

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



DAVID A.  LYONS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



MATTHEW P.  SHAIA

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MICHAEL E.  MCCLURE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



N/A N/A  BESPOKE CS-GP, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A N/A  LOWE, BROCKENBROUGH  COMPANY, INC.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



PAGE T.  REECE

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



VIRGINIA J.  ATWOOD

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 




Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001595677IRS Number: 464218643Company address: C/O LOWE, BROCKENBROUGH & COMPANY, INC. 1802 BAYBERRY COURT RICHMOND 23226Phone number: 804-288-0404



People related to Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryBrockenbrough,  Austin IIIc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVABrockenbrough,  Austin IVc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAM. Caravati,  Charles IIIc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAJ. Dion  Christopherc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAA. Lyons  Davidc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAP. Shaia  Matthewc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAE. McClure  Michaelc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAn/a n/a Bespoke CS-GP, LLCc/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAn/a n/a Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc.1802 Bayberry Court RichmondVAT. Reece  Pagec/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVAJ. Atwood  Virginiac/o Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry CourtRichmondVA




Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesBespoke Acquisition Co LLC, Bespoke Asset Management, L.P., Bespoke Fund One, LP, Bespoke Global, Inc., Bespoke Innovations, Inc., Bespoke Private Strategies, L.P., Bespoke Private Strategies, L.P. Vintage Year 2016












 








Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P.  Funding details


Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001595677IRS Number: 464218643Address: C/O LOWE, BROCKENBROUGH & COMPANY, INC. 1802 BAYBERRY COURT RICHMOND 23226Phone number: 804-288-0404



Latest news
Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. raised $90,232,000 from 36 investors on 2016-12-27.



Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-27Amended Form DIndefinite$90,232,000Indefinite$750,0003606b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2014-12-23Amended Form DIndefinite$70,200,000Indefinite$750,0003306b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold includes the GP's capital commitment.2014-01-09New Form DIndefinite$36,437,000Indefinite$750,0002206b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold includes the GP's capital commitment.
Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. raised $90,232,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P.
Key People in Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P.:

n/a Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc.n/a Bespoke CS-GP, LLCAustin Brockenbrough, IIIAustin Brockenbrough, IVCharles Caravati, IIIChristopher DionDavid LyonsPage ReeceVirginia AtwoodMatthew ShaiaMichael McClure
Similar companiesBespoke Innovations, Inc., Bespoke Acquisition Co LLC, Bespoke Global, Inc., Bespoke Private Strategies, L.P., Bespoke Fund One, LP, Bespoke Asset Management, L.P., Bespoke Private Strategies, L.P. Vintage Year 2016








Last visited companies: 137 Affiliates, LP, 3 Twelve Fund, LP, A.R.T. International Investors (USA) LLC, AERO-X GOLF, INC., AMYRIS, INC.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.














 

Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/139479-bespoke-capital-strategies-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=139479  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Bespoke Capital Strategies LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp gets funded!Bespoke Capital Strategies LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesVirginiaRichmondIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors December 22nd, 2014$70,200,000-View DealJanuary 9th, 2014$36,437,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp gets funded?Key peopleVirginia AtwoodDirectorAustin Brockenbrough, IiiDirector, Executive OfficerAustin Brockenbrough, IvDirector, Executive OfficerCharles Caravati, IIIDirector, Executive OfficerChristopher DionDirector, Executive OfficerDavid LyonsDirector, Executive OfficerMichael McclureDirectorPage ReeceDirectorMatthew ShaiaDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment! 

Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp raised $70,200,000 on December 22nd, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/307489-bespoke-capital-strategies-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=307489  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp raised $70,200,000 on December 22nd, 2014.Get alertedif Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp gets funded!Amount:$70,200,000Company:Bespoke Capital Strategies LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:State:City:United StatesVirginiaRichmondKey people:Virginia Atwood (Director) Austin Brockenbrough, Iii (Director, Executive Officer) Austin Brockenbrough, Iv (Director, Executive Officer) Charles Caravati, III (Director, Executive Officer) Christopher Dion (Director, Executive Officer) David Lyons (Director, Executive Officer) Michael Mcclure (Director) Page Reece (Director) Matthew Shaia (Director)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. (0001595677) (Filer)Description:A 70M securities offering was raised by Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp. Bespoke Capital Strategies Lp is a Finance-specialized enterprise. The date of the funding is December 22nd, 2014.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment! 



Bespoke Capital Partners Joins Noël Group to Purchase Nomacorc, LLC from Summit Partners | Business Wire
























































      Bespoke Capital Partners Joins Noël Group to Purchase Nomacorc, LLC from 
      Summit Partners
    




Bespoke and Noël Group assume control of Nomacorc, the world’s 
        largest maker of synthetic corks


New owners will invest in business to drive brand awareness of 
        technical product capabilities and consolidate certain attractive 
        segments of the global wine supply industry


Transaction reflects second investment for Bespoke and its 
        affiliates in the last eight months


Wine expert Ken Lamb to join board of Nomacorc







January 09, 2015 09:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bespoke Capital Partners announced it has made an investment in 
      Nomacorc, LLC, the world’s leading manufacturer of synthetic wine 
      closures. Bespoke partnered with the Founder and Chairman of Nomacorc, 
      Marc Noël, to recapitalize the business and buy out Summit Partners 
      resulting in the partnership owning the entirety of the Company. Mr. 
      Noël is currently the Chairman of Noël Group, a global leader in the 
      transformation of synthetic materials. This investment provides the 
      foundation and resources for Nomacorc to build upon its global 
      leadership position. It will accelerate its industry-leading efforts in 
      research and development for closures and oxygen management solutions to 
      drive global growth as well as help the Company capitalize on the large 
      long-term opportunity to consolidate certain attractive segments of the 
      global wine supply industry. As such, Bespoke tailored its investment in 
      a unique and thoughtful manner to allow for a longer-term hold.
    


      “We are excited to partner with Marc Noël and the Nomacorc management 
      team,” said Robert L. Berner III, Bespoke’s co-managing partner. 
      “Nomacorc has developed a leading market share in the overall wine 
      closure sector with an attractive financial profile. The Company’s 
      culture of technical expertise, ability to tailor products to customer 
      requirements, product reliability and exceptional cost management are 
      key contributors to its success, and clearly differentiate Nomacorc’s 
      operations from other closure businesses.”
    

      Mark Harms, co-managing partner of Bespoke added, “We invested in 
      Nomacorc as a platform for consolidation of the highly fragmented supply 
      chain in the $250 billion global wine industry. We look forward to 
      supporting the management team in executing a growth strategy to 
      increase the types of products and services offered to the wine industry 
      thereby leveraging and enhancing the company’s already formidable 
      distribution capabilities.”
    

      Mr. Noël said, “I am excited to be partnering with Bespoke as Nomacorc 
      begins its next phase of growth. Bespoke’s experience, strong track 
      record and deep domain expertise in the wine industry will support the 
      Company’s infrastructure for growth and help drive global expansion. 
      Bespoke’s model is very attractive to entrepreneurs like myself who are 
      looking for a thoughtful partner and structured capital solution that 
      enables us to accelerate value creation and focus our efforts on the 
      truly long-term potential of the enterprise. We are also pleased that 
      Ken Lamb, an expert in the wine sector, has joined the Nomacorc Board 
      and will be actively involved with our organization going forward.”
    

      “We’re excited to work with the new ownership group to grow our business 
      and are thrilled about the many opportunities that this investment will 
      bring,” said Lars von Kantzow, president and CEO of Nomacorc since 2006. 
      “We’ll be able to expand the Nomacorc brand and all that it entails – 
      superior quality, groundbreaking innovation and exceptional customer 
      service – to deliver on our ultimate objective of ensuring that wine is 
      experienced and enjoyed by the consumer just as the winemaker intended.”
    

      Global Leisure Partners (“GLP”), a leading sector-focused leisure and 
      consumer merchant bank and joint venture partner in Bespoke, initiated 
      this transaction and advised Bespoke on the investment and associated 
      debt and equity capital raising. Two GLP Operating Partners, Bill Rogers 
      and Ken Lamb, are participants in the investment and will both assume 
      board of director roles in the Company.
    

About Nomacorc


      Nomacorc is a worldwide leader in wine closures and the No. 1 closure 
      brand for still wines in many countries including France, Germany and 
      the United States. Dedicated to technological innovation, Nomacorc 
      manufactures its portfolio of products using a patented co-extrusion 
      process. As a result, Nomacorc closures provide consistent, predictable 
      oxygen management and protect against off-flavors due to oxidation, 
      reduction or cork taint. Nomacorc’s fully recyclable products are 
      available through a vast network of distributors and sales agents on six 
      continents. With nearly 500 employees worldwide and state-of-the-art 
      manufacturing facilities in the United States, Belgium, China and 
      Argentina, Nomacorc produces more than 2 billion closures annually. 
      Working with renowned wine research institutes worldwide, the company 
      leads the wine closure industry in fundamental and applied research into 
      oxygen management in wine. For more information, visit nomacorc.com or 
      follow Nomacorc on Twitter 
      (@Nomacorc) and Facebook 
      (Nomacorc).
    

About Bespoke Capital Partners


      Bespoke Capital Partners is a private equity firm with personnel in New 
      York, London and Palm Beach, FL. Formed in 2014 by Rob Berner and Mark 
      Harms, the firm will invest in companies in the consumer, leisure and 
      related sectors both in the US and Europe.
    

      As the name signifies, Bespoke tailors investment solutions to complex 
      investment transactions requiring a thoughtful approach, deep sector 
      knowledge and a clear understanding of the company’s and other 
      shareholders’ needs. In every situation Bespoke structures each deal 
      separately to meet the needs of both its investors and targeted 
      companies. Given the flexibility in size and structure, Bespoke can make 
      equity, mezzanine and debt investments with size ranging from small 
      (<$50mm) to large ($500mm+). Nomacorc is the second transaction that 
      Bespoke and its affiliates have initiated in the last eight months, 
      following on from its parent company’s investment in 24 Hour Fitness in 
      May 2014. Bespoke and its affiliated entities have now invested in 
      excess of $250mm in support of its tailored private equity strategy. For 
      more information, please visit www.bespokecp.com.
    

About Noël Group


      Noël Group, LLC (www.noelgroup.net) 
      is a privately-owned industrial holding company located in Zebulon, NC. 
      The company’s mission is to invest in, lead and strategically manage 
      manufacturing companies that specialize in the transformation of 
      engineered synthetic materials. Noël Group is guided by a passion to 
      create new markets, foster innovation and achieve market leadership. The 
      Group operates a variety of manufacturing companies in the US and 
      Europe, including Nomacorc, Nomaco, and Nomaco Insulation. Together, 
      these companies employ more than 1,000 associates.
    




Contacts

      Nomacorc LLCKatie Myers, 214-766-4566kmyers@nomacorc.comorBespoke 
      Capital Partners, LLCBader Alam,bader.alam@bespokecp.com
















Contacts

      Nomacorc LLCKatie Myers, 214-766-4566kmyers@nomacorc.comorBespoke 
      Capital Partners, LLCBader Alam,bader.alam@bespokecp.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

















Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Atwood  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Bespoke Capital Strategies, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 1802 Bayberry Court 
    Richmond, VA, 23226Phone: 804-288-0404 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-27


Amended


$90,232,000


$20,032,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-12-23


Amended


$70,200,000


$33,763,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2014-01-09


New


$36,437,000


$36,437,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Virginia J. Atwood 
 Director 


 N/A N/A Bespoke Cs Gp, Llc 
 Promoter 


 Austin Brockenbrough, Iii 
 Director, Executive 


 Austin Brockenbrough, Iv 
 Director, Executive 


 Charles M. Caravati, Iii 
 Director, Executive 


 Christopher J. Dion 
 Director, Executive 


 N/A N/A Lowe, Brockenbrough & Company, Inc. 
 Promoter 


 David A. Lyons 
 Director, Executive 


 Michael E. Mc Clure 
 Director 


 Page T. Reece 
 Director 


 Matthew P. Shaia 
 Director 














Bespoke Strategies


































Contact Us | Client Login




Our Approach




Our Structure




Our Edge




Our Team













Lowe, Brockenbrough's Bespoke Strategies team actively manages approximately $1 billion of long-lived capital for endowment and foundation clients, as well as the multi-generational component of high-net worth individual and family portfolios. The Bespoke team offers an Outsourced Chief Investment Officer (O-CIO) approach to global, multi-asset class investment management which spans traditional and alternative asset classes and strategies. Our team constructs customized portfolios and assumes fiduciary responsibility for asset allocation, manager selection and risk management. We seek to implement investment strategy designed to mitigate undue downside risk, limit volatility, manage liquidity and optimize risk-adjusted returns over time. Our collaborative partnership provides clients with a disciplined investment approach within a flexible structure.Bespoke: /bǝ-spōk/; British origin (1745-1755) Adjective – Made to individual order; custom madeMuch like a bespoke tailor constrains his number of clientele and concentrates on providing the best possible product; we aspire to provide a limited group of like-minded investors with the highest quality Outsourced Chief Investment Officer experience.



Retirement Plan Advisory Lowe, Brockenbrough serves as an investment advisor and fiduciary partner to qualified retirement plans. We recognize the challenges plan sponsors face in carrying out their fiduciary obligations. LB&C provides guidance in areas related to fiduciary governance, investment management, plan design, and participant education. 
> GO TO RETIREMENT PLAN ADVISORY






















