

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Better World Spirits | StartEngine














































Hello there.
Sign in to continue.


Hello there.
Sign in to continue.















Forgot Password?










Create Account







 
 









New to StartEngine?
Enter your email address to sign up


Welcome! You've been referred to StartEngine
We offer investment opportunities in growing companies, helping entrepreneurs achieve their dreams.
To confirm your referral, please enter your email.










Thanks for signing up!
An email has been sent to . Check your inbox to complete signing up.



Already have an account? Login here










Forgot Password
Please enter your email and we'll send you further instructions.




Back to Login













                  




















{{profileCtrl.error}}



      The Better World Spirits offering is now closed and is no longer accepting investments.
  







      45
    

      Investors
    




        $14,700.00
      


      Raised of $10K - $1M goal
    












      Better World Spirits
    

      Consciously Created Spirits
    



        Small OPO
      


        York, PA
      


        Food & Beverage
      


        Accepting International Investment
      








        Better World Spirits
      

        Consciously Created Spirits
      








            Small OPO
          




            York, PA
          




            Food & Beverage
          




            Accepting International Investment
          







      45
    

      Investors
    




        $14,700.00
      


      Raised of $10K - $1M goal
    













      Overview
    



      Team
    



      Terms
    



      Updates
    



      Comments
    



      Share
    







































"Better World Spirits is driven by the belief that there is a higher purpose for business than profit."






















OUR MISSION






At Better World Spirits, we’re creating delicious, all-naturally crafted hard sodas that support local sustainable agriculture and a healthier world. With an assortment of exciting fresh flavors, Better World Spirits will tap into the new and growing markets of canned cocktails and socially responsible consumerism.

































WHAT IS HARD SODA?




Better World Spirits are specially crafted sodas mixed with vodka and packaged in convenient 12 oz. recyclable cans that can easily be taken to the beach, grabbed at a bar, thrown in an ice bucket at parties, or opened at home. Hard soda makes for a refreshing adult take on a kids beverage.















PENNSYLVANIA PRIDE




Better World Spirits is Pennsylvania-based and proud of it. We want to give back to the state we call home by supporting our communities and neighbors. We want Better World Spirits to distribute within Pennsylvania for now. With Pennsylvania’s population of over 8,843,276 aged 21 and over, and with more than 20,000 establishments with liquor licenses, we believe this focused direction is a responsible, lucrative and achievable goal.













OUR COMPETITIVE EDGE






PROVIDING AN ARTISANAL ALTERNATIVE WITH ENDLESS FLAVOR








Canned cocktails are relatively new to the hard beverage market. Millenials and other hard beverage consumers are limited to malt-based concoctions using same-old, same-old sodas like root beer and ginger beer. Better World Spirits will be a welcome change for Millennials and other adult beverage consumers who are on the lookout for less-sweet, ready-to-drink alternatives with an ever-growing, innovative assortment of flavors that will pique their curiosity and satisfy their adventurous tastes. In 2015, Distilled Spirits Council of the United States reported that discovery and innovation is what drives Millennial consumer purchasing and promotion. They are not OK with simply hard root beer. They also want natural ingredients they can recognize. They demand premium artisanal products and more interesting flavors. Better World Spirits hears them and is happy to provide.
























OUR POTENTIAL FLAVOR COMBINATIONS

















Strawberry Elderflower Cucumber Agave Mint Raspberry BasilBlood Orange Ginger















Blueberry LavenderBlack Cherry Hibiscus Green Apple CinnamonCranberry Ginger Lime















Strawberry LemonPeach BasilGreen Tea GingerJuniper Citrus Cucumber













MIXING BUSINESS WITH PURPOSE






Better World Spirits also differentiates itself from its competitors by believing that businesses can contribute to a better world for our children, grandchildren and future generations while still making a profit. We intend to support local sustainable and urban agriculture by giving to groups such as the Pennsylvania Association for Sustainable Agriculture—the largest statewide, member-based sustainable farming organization in the United States. We also want to make our mission, your mission.











































TRANSPARENT BUSINESS MODEL






Local and national competitors may have corporate and social responsibility departments, but it is often unclear what they do and how it impacts people. Better World Spirits formed as a benefit corporation so we can be held accountable using a transparent business model that requires us by law to prepare and distribute an Annual Benefit Report to investors to share our efforts in creating public benefit throughout the year.






SPECIAL DISTILLERY LICENSE FOR MAXIMUM RETURN






Better World Spirits will hold a “limited distillery” license from the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, a special license for those producing less than 100,000 gallons of product a year. Unlike larger distilleries that must go through the state liquor control board to distribute their products, a limited distillery license allows us to self-distribute our products and sell directly to establishments — bars, restaurants, resorts, casinos, clubs, etc. —outside of the confines of the state control system for potentially higher profit margin, quicker product placement and larger sales volume.











OUR MARKETS






CONSCIENTIOUS CONSUMERS






The trend to purchase and promote products with a social purpose in mind has been on the rise for some time. According to the 2012 Edelman Good Purpose Study which researches consumer attitudes towards social purpose:

















of global consumers buy brands that support a good cause.




47% increase from 2010.















of consumers would switch brands if a similar brand supported a good cause.




9% increase since 2009.















of consumers would recommend a brand that supports a good cause over one that doesn’t.




39% increase since 2008.















of consumers would help a brand promote their if there is a good cause behind them.




34% increase since 2008.













STEADY INDUSTRY GROWTH, ESPECIALLY WITH MILLENNIALS

















According to Gallup, the number of adults in the US who consume alcoholic beverages has remained consistent for the past 50 years at 64% (appx 150 million).




For the last 50 years 64% of Americans consume alcoholic beverages















Chris Fehrnstrom, chief marketing officer for Constellation Brands, reported that there are 62 million Millennials of legal drinking age in the Unites States, and in two years another eight million will turn 21.




62 million Millennials of legal drinking age in the Unites States















Nielsen report found that 73% of women surveyed enjoy flavored alcoholic beverages, with the number increasing to 92% for women between the ages of 21-34.




73% of women surveyed enjoy flavored alcoholic beverages








Beverage Information Group began recording the alcopop (sweet, carbonated, alcoholic beverages) market in 2012, when an explosion of new products flooded the market and alcopops were determined to hold 2.8% market share of total beer consumption. Since then, alcopop consumption has increased to 3.5% of total beer market share in the U.S. and continues to rise. Though 3.5% may not sound like much, in 2011 alone, 36 alcopop brands were introduced, comprising 35.6% of the new beer beverages that year. In 2015, Not Your Father’s Root Beer signed a national distribution deal with Pabst and within 12 months earned $92 million in sales. Industry reports predict that the alcopop market share will continue its upward trend, with sales reaching 148 million cases in 2019 - a 32% increase over five years.











JOIN OUR CAUSE






Better World Spirits is an alternative to traditional “me” centered brands. We want to build a community of investors and consumers who are looking to be a part of something with a higher purpose. Join us in the movement to partner business with communities and convert profits into a means for beneficial change. By investing in Better World Spirits’ equity crowdfunding campaign, you can feel good knowing that our mutual success will actively help to better our world.

















Irregular Use of Proceeds






The issuer may incur other Irregular Uses of Proceeds which may include but are not limited to the following: vendor fees and salaries and/or expenses paid to the Company’s directors or officers or their friends or family, any “Administration Expenses” that are not strictly for administrative purposes, any “Travel and Entertainment” expenses, and any repayment of inter-company debt or back payments; provided however, that the foregoing fees or expenses, as applicable, exceed $10,000.













            Meet the Founder{{profileCtrl.founders.length === 1 ? '' : 's'}}
          








            {{profileCtrl.founders.length ? 'And the Rest of the Team' : 'Meet the Team'}}
          










Offering Summary

Terms of OfferingType of Security Offered – Promissory NoteMaturity Date – 5 yearsInterest Rate – 8%Annual disbursement of interest with principal paid upon maturity of loanDefer one payment without being in defaultMinimum note $100 with all notes offered in increments of $100 e.g. $100, $200, $300, etc.Minimum Target Offering $10,000Conditions Imposed by Liquor Control Board.  Because the Company is subject to the oversight of the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board (“PCLB”), the following additional conditions apply to investment in the Notes:PCLB has the authority to accept or reject investors in the Company.  If PCLB does not approve a particular Note purchaser, such purchaser’s investment shall be returned without interest.Lender may be required to respond to requests for information and interviews with PCLB, including a criminal background check.  Lender hereby agrees to comply with all such requests.  Failure by the Lender to comply with all such requests may result in the return of Lender’s investment without interest.Any person that owns an interest in any Pennsylvania liquor license may not purchase the Notes.Lender shall be required to complete and return Form PLCB-2018 and hereby authorizes the Company to file the form in behalf of the Lender with the PLCB.

The Company will not incur any irregular use of proceeds.





            Offering Details
          





            Form C Filings
          





        Show More
      





Most recent fiscal year-end:
Prior fiscal year-end:






            Total Assets
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Cash And Cash Equivalents
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Accounts Receivable
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Short Term Debt
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Long Term Debt
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Revenues And Sales
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Costs Of Goods Sold
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Taxes Paid
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Net Income
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                







Risks

      A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering document or literature. These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.
    






      Updates
    

      Follow Better World Spirits to get notified of future updates!
    






        Comments ({{profileCtrl.startup.comments_count}} total)
      

















        {{comment.user.first_name}} {{comment.user.last_name}}
      



Better World Spirits - {{comment.user.is_associated ? comment.user.associated_label : 'Issuer'}}
      


      {{comment.created_at_in_words}}
    


    {{comment.body}}
  





          {{reply.user.first_name}} {{reply.user.last_name}}
        



Better World Spirits - {{reply.user.is_associated ? (reply.user.associated_label) : 'Issuer'}}
        


        {{reply.created_at_in_words}}
      


      {{reply.body}}
    






      Reply
    

      Cancel
    





      Reply
    








You reported this comment as inappropriate.









          Show More Comments
        















          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        





About


About


Blog


About Us


FAQ






Connect


Connect


Facebook


Twitter


Careers


LinkedIn


Instagram






Join


Join


Raise Capital


Become an Investor






Legal


Legal


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Section 17(b) Disclosure


Disclaimer








          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        

 
 



Important Message

          www.StartEngine.com is a website owned by StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. and operated by StartEngine Crowdfunding and its wholly owned-subsidiary, StartEngine Capital, LLC. StartEngine Crowdfunding is a not a broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser. StartEngine Capital, LLC is a funding portal registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). By accessing this site and any pages on this site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time without notice or liability.
        
Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site are of three types


            1.Regulation A offerings (JOBS Act Title IV; known as Regulation A+), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. No broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 2. Regulation D offerings (506(c)), which are offered only to accredited investors. No broker-dealer, funding portal, or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 3. Regulation Crowdfunding offerings (JOBS Act Title III), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. These offerings are made through StartEngine Capital, LLC. Some of these offerings are open to the general public, however there are important differences and risks. You can learn more in our Learn section.
          

Canadian Investors

          Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site will be offered to Canadian resident investors in accordance with prospectus exemptions under Canadian securities laws, including, but not limited to, the “Accredited Investor” and “Offering Memorandum” exemptions under National Instrument 45-106 promulgated by the Canadian Securities Administrators.
        
---

          Potential investors are strongly advised to consult their legal, tax and financial advisors before investing. The securities offered on this site are not offered in jurisdictions where public solicitation of offerings are permitted; it is solely your responsibility to comply with the laws and regulations of your country of residence.
        



 












































free-breakfast
free-high-speed-internet
accessible-room
jetted-tub
kitchen-kitchenette
non-smoking
pet-friendly
view













 Best Western For A Better World Charitable Efforts














×

Account Log-In






Your username or password is incorrect. Please re-type the username and password



User Name
Create Account






Password
Password Help







   Remember My User ID


















The captcha is required and can't be empty.








Please re-enter captcha












Log In































 Home > About > Best Western For a Better World
















 Best Western For A Better World®
Learn. Care. Help. Donate.

















Join the Spirit of Caring
With more than 4,200† hotels in over 100† countries, Best Western® takes care of countless guests every day. It's that same spirit of caring that drives us to support numerous charitable efforts around the world. Through Best Western For A Better World's unique charitable partnerships, we reach out to families and children in need to provide them with the essential resources that we often take for granted.










Better World Fund



























The Better World Fund is the surest way to see that no need goes unmet. This resource supports all of Best Western's charitable initiatives and is allocated to programs with the most critical need. Through your support, the Better World Fund can be a first responder where help is most needed.
The Better World Fund is administered by an advisory committee and the Best Western International Board of Directors. Together, they ensure the proper distribution of resources to initiatives most in need of funding. Donations support efforts throughout all of the Best Western For A Better World charitable programs.















How We Help




Poverty Relief




Poverty can deprive people of basic necessities like shelter, nutrition, and good health. We draw from our experience in the field of hospitality and team with networks like Kiva™ to help provide families and children with the vital tools they need to thrive.
Microfinancing is a proven solution that jumpstarts small businesses in impoverished countries. Kiva is our partner for U.S. donors. Kiva is currently responsible for over $470 million in micro loans around the world and boasts over a 99% loan repayment rate. With your support, Best Western For A Better World will be able to continue helping entrepreneurs in developing nations.




































Disaster Response




With more than 4,200† hotels in over 100 countries, Best Western is a devoted member in thousands of local communities around the world. We feel a deep commitment to assist our neighbors whose lives are affected by disaster.
Best Western partners with the Red Cross® of Canada as well as the American Red Cross® to be a first responder in public emergencies. During tragedies such as Hurricane Sandy, the Yarnell Fires and the Boston Marathon bombing, Best Western employees and Best Western Rewards® members have responded tremendously, giving over $120,000 to disaster relief efforts. The Red Cross of Canada provides vital resources to many disasters inside and outside of Canadian borders, including the Lac-Mégantic disaster in Quebec and the floods in Alberta.




































Education







Best Western believes in the power of education to change lives and improve circumstances. By helping to fund higher education, Best Western aims to empower young people and provide for the future of the hospitality industry.
As a demonstration of our commitment to educating youth, Best Western has established the Best Western Scholarship Program, which supports numerous students throughout North America. Your donations contribute to scholarships, which are awarded to students studying for a career in hospitality who exemplify Best Western values through community service and high marks in academics.



Student Profiles
Numerous students are chosen each year. Here are spotlights on just a few chosen scholarship recipients.
















Kayla H, Nothern Arizona University - Scholarship Recipient
"It means so much to me to receive this scholarship. My goal since deciding to attend college was to do whatever I could to pay my own way and not put the burden on my parents or come out of college too far in debt."






















Roberta B, Arizona State University - Scholarship Recipient
"Being selected as a recipient of this scholarship means a lot to me because it allows me to further my education and pursue my professional goals... I have worked with dedication to achieve my goals so far, and getting the scholarship shows that I have succeeded..."






















Sarah, Thompson Rivers University - Scholarship Recipient
"I am so honored to be receiving this scholarship... I have literally been raised behind the desk. Our customers became part of my 'family.' The example that my parents have shown me as owners/managers has been one of the most rewarding aspects of my experience in the hospitality industry."






















Donate Today













U.S. donations are processed by the Arizona Community Foundation





            U.S. Donations
        








The Winnipeg Foundation processes donations from Canada.





            Canada Donations
        








Best Western Rewards members can donate Rewards points.




            Donate Rewards Points
        








Donations of all sizes are appreciated, and you may even contribute by making a one-time or recurring donation. All donations are tax deductible. Donors will receive an e-receipt for donations.































































For A Better World Publication | Fair World Project






























































 Home | Site Map | Contact|         
  
 
 














About

Introduction
Mission and Goals
Movements

Fair Trade

Fair World Project presents Free Trade Vs. Fair Trade
Fair Trade History
Fair Trade Principles
Fair Trade Certifiers & Membership Orgs
How Do You Know It’s Really Fair Trade?


Sweatfree Apparel
Family Farms in the Global North
Labor Justice


Contact Us


Campaigns

Keeping Fair Trade Real
Trade Policy
Farmworker Justice
Climate Change
Raising the Minimum Wage
Appropriate Technology
Food Sovereignty
Apparel
Past Alerts


Resources

Blog
Media Library

Fair Trade
Sweat Free Apparel
Family Farms
Labor Justice
Policy


Eco-Social Certifier Analysis

Quick Guide
International Guide
Multi-ingredient Labeling Policies
Distinguishing Committed Brands
Program Scope: Geography and Scale
Farmworker Certification Analysis:  Justice in the Fields


News and Current Events

Newsletters
Correspondence/Statements
Allied Statements
Press Releases


Just Economy Interactive Resource Tool
Allied Organizations


Get Involved!

Actions / Campaigns
Mission Driven Brands

Body Care
Chocolate
Coffee
Crafts, Clothing and Home Decor
Food
International Brands
Domestic Brands
Tea


Celebrate World Fair Trade Day

Find An Event Near You


FWP Job Openings


Voices for Justice
Our publication
Fair Trade Climate Change Poster
Be Fair-Wine & Spirits
Find Fair Trade Ingredients and Producers
Be Fair-Chocolate
Be Fair-Coffee
Be Fair-Produce
Be Fair-Tea
Be Fair-Honey & Sweeteners
Be Fair-Retailers & Wholesalers
Campaign Logos
POS Signage
Coffee
Purchasing Tips








      For A Better World Publication    
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST







Enter Email










CONTRIBUTE TODAY 









FOLLOW US ON 









FEATURED CAMPAIGN 




 



















Issue 14 Spring/Summer 2017


Welcome to the 14th Issue of For A Better World.
This issue focuses on fairness in our food system with inspiring stories from the front lines.  Look for a feature on how small-scale farmers and fair trade brands are partnering to grow regenerative solutions to climate change.  We also share perspectives from Sakuma Brothers Farms where an indigenous-led independent union showed what can be accomplished through organizing, dialogue, and solidarity. 
There’s also the mix of policy and practical that readers have come to expect: Stories on some of the biggest issues facing our food system these days from food waste to crop prices, as well as concrete steps to make big institutional purchases count for small-scale farmers—and more!

























Issue 13 Fall 2016


Welcome to the 13th Issue of For A Better World. This issue focuses on the movement to Raise the Wage in the U.S., and, more broadly, the role of dignified work in a just economy. Businesses like Dr. Bronner’s, who are already paying a fair wage weigh in, and we look to states where the minimum wage has already gone up to see what the future holds for farmers and farm workers.
We hear stories from two segments of our labor force that face challenges under current policy: guest workers and those entering the workforce after incarceration. An interview with a leader of a Guatemalan weaving cooperative shares stories of organizing her community, saving seeds, and fighting back against Monsanto. Finally, we pay tribute to Berta Cáceres, a slain Indigenous rights leader and environmental activist—it’s another issue packed with information and education.





















Issue 12 Spring 2016


Welcome to the 12th Issue of For A Better World. In this issue we focus on the apparel industry, both the huge human and environmental costs of its abuses, and the potential it has to transform livelihoods and marginalized communities. We also return to the climate crisis and view several possible approaches to address its impact on our world: small-scale farmer solutions that are working and some market-based solutions that aren’t. Finally, we look at a few communities striving for a more just economy. Read how a Latin American fair trade universities initiative is building powerful programs to create true transformation, and how a community is tackling issues of racial and economic equity in their local food cooperative.





















Issue 11 Fall 2015


Welcome to the 11th Issue of For A Better World.In this issue we lay out the limitations of current certification systems and discuss how some of these systems are trying to strengthen their standards while others are continuing to weaken them. Various experts in their fields talk about whether or not large-scale hired labor workplaces should be part of the fair trade model and we also learn about the power of farmers organizing, as told by one sugar farmer about a revolution that allowed his community to take back control of their crops and livelihoods. Creating a just economy also means raising the minimum wage in the U.S., in this issue we set the national stage for doing so, while also looking at it from a local viewpoint.





















Issue 10 Spring 2015


Welcome to the 10th Issue of For A Better World. In this issue, we cover topics that are affecting everyone around the globe. We focus our cover story on food, farming and climate change – and how small scale farmers hold the power to mitigate climate change while feeding the world. We introduce brands working with small-scale farmers in our cover story, on our back cover, and in our regular in-depth brand feature article. Additional articles cover farmers fighting for justice in Washington state, the skyrocketing rates of herbicide and insecticide use on GMO crops and the role of pro-GMO media in suppressing this information, Dr. Vandana Shiva’s call for seed freedom and food democracy, and a new international fair trade labeling guide to help clarify the ecosocial certification landscape. Two additional articles focus on policy, one examining the links between free trade agreements and migration from the Global South, and another examining how “ag-gag” laws prevent whistleblowers from exposing abuses and crimes on factory farms.





















Issue 9 Fall 2014


Welcome to the 9th Issue of For A Better World Issue 9 Fall 2014. Building a just economy from the ground up. In today’s shifting landscape, technology is forging ahead even while it creates problems for farmers, workers and citizens worldwide. In this issue of For A Better World, we learn from Friends of the Earth’s Dana Perls about synthetic biology (synbio) vanilla and its potential to displace thousands of vanilla farmers in Mexico. Paul Towers from Pesticide Action Network examines the dwindling populations of butterflies and bees due to the industrial agricultural’s dependency on genetically engineered seed and chemical inputs. Ariel Vegosen shares with us her journey to India where she talks with Vandana Shiva about Monsanto and the harsh realities that Indian GMO farmers face.





















Issue 8 Spring 2014


Welcome to the 8th Issue of For A Better World Issue 8 Spring 2014. World Fair Trade Day is May 10, this current issue celebrates this global event by engaging consumers to participate in trade justice both on the policy level and through supporting mission driven brands that are committed to supporting small-scale producers. We also are challenged to think beyond the boundaries of traditional fair trade. For example, Wenonah Hauter, author of the book Foodopoly, highlights the negative impact of industrial agricultural policy on our food system, which is now characterized more by monopoly than democracy. In other articles, Paul Shapiro and Ronnie Cummins explore what it means to be fair to farm animals and why we should label factory farm products as such. At the same time, we remain true to our roots, and Niger Willerton discusses the pressing issues that fair trade sugar farmers are facing today.
























Issue 7 Fall 2013


Welcome to the 7th issue of For A Better World. With GMO labeling taking center stage on the Washington State ballot this fall we made the focus of this issue on GMOs and social justice, covering, the incredible power Monsanto has over our food supply and political system, how GMOs affect all of us as consumers and producers, and the fight for transparency in food labeling with our feature article by Jeremy Siefert, Director / Producer / Editor of the new film GMO OMG. Women farmers in Nicaragua talk about how they are empowering themselves to stand up against multinationals like Monsanto. Also, Equal Exchange talks about transforming the Tea Industry from a plantation model to a small-farmer owned model. And as always included is our trade policy reform corner which focuses on Fair Trade & Immigration and Land Grabs.














 










Issue 6 Spring 2013


Welcome to the 6th issue of For A Better World. In this issue of For A Better World we have included articles on domestic agricultural issues such as the lack of fairness in the farm bill and the movement to grow hemp in the US. These issues may seem a deviation from traditional international fair trade, but to create authentic system change we must connect all of these social justice issues.














 










Issue 5 Fall 2012


Welcome to the 5th issue of For A Better World. This issue’s cover featuring FWP’s Just Economy map shows the important
groups striving to create a just economy: small scale artisan and farmer
groups in the developing world seeking fairness in trade; workers in
the global apparel industry organizing for better wages and working
conditions; and farmers and agricultural workers in the North and South
seeking economic fairness at home.














 










Issue 4 Spring 2012


Welcome to the fourth issue of For A Better World. Fair trade is at a critical crossroads and this edition’s cover reflects the challenges and opportunities in the fair trade movement and marketplace. Small farmers, large corporations, certifiers, cooperatives, Alternative Trading Organizations (ATOs), Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs), student groups and other fair trade stakeholders are trying and vying to define and redefine fair trade.














 










Issue 3 Fall 2011


In this edition contributing authors address the true cost of bananas, fair trade quinoa production, the challenges of certifying fair trade crafts, organic fair trade alcohol production in Ecuador, unpacking major fair trade certifiers, and the domestic fair trade experience of Swanton Berry Farm. To a day when all trade is fair.














 










Issue 2 Spring 2011


In this edition contributing authors write about; fair versus conventional “free” trade; different fair trade craft production models to support artisans; vertically certifying fair trade apparel production from farm to factory in Central and North America; communityempowerment in Africa through fair trade Shea Butter production; the tragedy of the chocolate industry versus righteous chocolatiers; and who and what fair trade is for and about. To a day when all trade is fair.
























Issue 1 Fall 2010


What do consumers expect when we pick up a bottle of iced tea, drink a cup of coffee, eat a chocolate bar, use a bar of soap or buy a handicraft that claims to be “fair trade?” What is our money really doing? With new fair trade certifiers joining the movement, seasoned certifiers enabling unjustified fair trade claims and “fairwashing” practices becoming common, we intend to discuss and dissect:














 




© Copyright 2010-2017 Fair World Project, Inc. | All Rights Reserved 
 Donate | Join Our Mailing List | Contact Us | Privacy | Sitemap 










需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




North Florida Sales | About North Florida Sales






















Employee Login   |   Employment Opportunities
 








HOME
PRODUCTS
CONTACT US
ABOUT US



North Florida Sales
North Florida Sales is a locally owned and operated company.  Started in 1995, NFS strives to be a leader in sales and service in the beverage industry in Jacksonville and Lake City, FL.  Our owner and President, Pinky Pelham, has over 40 years in the beer industry, having owned and operated distributorships in Kentucky as well as Florida.  North Florida Sales distributes Anheuser-Busch products as well as fine import and craft brands along with non-alcoholic brands and spirits.
Territory
North Florida Sales covers all or part of 11 counties in Florida.  These counties include:



Duval
Nassau
St. John's
Putnam
Clay
Bradford




Union
Baker
Columbia
Hamilton
Suwannee











Mission
To provide the highest quality customer service on a cosistent basis, while ensuring the availability of the freshest and cleanest product possible.
Vision
To be regarded as a model of professionalism and efficiency in the wholesale distribution industry.
Values
To maintain a professional relationship among peers and retail customers.  To maintain a clean professional image reflected through attitudes and condition of equipment.



________________________________________________________________________________________________


Work in the Community


Beach Cleanup - Jacksonville Beach
Beach Cleanup - Jacksonville Beach
Better World Project - Las Vegas


North Florida Sales takes great pride in being a part of our comminity.  We love nothing more than to give back to the comminity that has supported us through the years.
							    In addition to doing our part for the environment by charitable donations and programs, we think the best part of giving back is being able to help the people of North Florida.  North Florida Sales also participates in programs in other communities  
									such as Anheuser-Busch's Better World Project in Las Vegas, San Antonio and elsewhere.  
            	    



________________________________________________________________________________________________






Jacksonville 3601 Regent Blvd.Jacksonville, FL 32224Phone: 904.645.0283
    									 



Lake City 467 SW Ring Ct. Lake City, FL 32025Phone: 386.755.4335
    									 









Tito's Handmade Vodka - Love Tito's















Are you of legal drinking age?


				      
				

 Remember Me
				











Menu 







t
f
p
i
y









Love, Tito's
Spread the Love. Make the World a Better Place.












We believe that we're meant to make the world a better place, and Tito's Handmade Vodka is our medium.

			Love has always been at the heart of this company. Back in 1992, years before he sold his first case, Tito started making vodka to give as gifts. Its popularity quickly spread among his friends and family, and he soon became known as "the vodka guy." When Tito decided to really make a go of it in the spirits business, he started supporting charity events around Austin one bottle at a time, and gave away, by all reasonable standards, a ridiculous amount of vodka. 
			







Spreading Love To
Change the World

Tito asked you to "tell 20 of your closest friends, and we’ll just keep this thing rolling." You did, and every time one of you shared your love for Tito's Handmade Vodka with your friends and family we grew — into new communities, new states, and even new countries. In every new place we were able to reciprocate by pouring that love back into the people and organizations that nurture, support, and empower their local communities and causes.
At some point, after twenty of those friends each told twenty of their friends and so on, it occurred to us that Tito's Handmade Vodka was doing more than just raising spirits. It appeared as though it was our medium to do what we were meant to do — work to make the world a better place.
Last year we were able to use this medium to give to local and national charities supporting disaster relief, the environment, military and veterans, healthcare and medical research, food and beverage industry workers, arts and culture organizations, the LGBTQ community, and the truest form of love on the planet: our pets.
And we're just getting started, y'all.
So, thank you for your unwavering support and generosity. Together we are spreading love to change the world.
Love, Tito's





"Every single person we have worked with at Tito's has embraced our cause and been an absolute pleasure to work with."

David Bales – Chairman, Texans for Cures



"Thank you again for your support, and know that in Massachusetts there is a mom serving your vodka smiling each time she makes a drink, as she is reminded of your support to CORE and to her own family."

Wendy Schryver – beneficiary, Children of Restaurant Employees



"Because of you, we are able to continue to fund our housing program, allowing 40 LGBT youth to receive supportive housing, job training/workforce development, behavioral health care and change their lives for good."

Nate Rhoton – Development Director, One-N-Ten



"The support of Tito's this past year has been invaluable! Just in the last few months, we've been able to be double the number of teachers we serve - encouraging more and more students to embrace sustainability and become leaders for positive change. With the help of generous, community partners such as Tito's, we are able to accelerate our impact and join forces to build a better world."

Gina LaMotte – Execute Director, EcoRise Youth Innovations








Our
Partners

We proudly partner with over 6,000 non-profits.Here are the ones we support through our web store right now.



Emancipet
Making high-quality spay/neuter and veterinary care affordable and accessible to all pet owners.



The Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation
Supporting the organizations delivering direct care and services to people living with HIV and AIDS, often to the most marginalized populations.



American Red Cross
Preventing and alleviating human suffering in the face of emergencies by mobilizing the power of volunteers and the generosity of donors.



Operation Homefront
Assisting military families during difficult financial times by providing food assistance, auto and home repair, vision care, travel and transportation, moving assistance, and rent-free transitional housing for wounded veterans and their families.



Children of Restaurant Employees (CORE)
Supporting the children of food and beverage employees who are navigating life-altering circumstances or conditions.







Upcoming
Events


				Join us and help spread the love in your community.
			


07-13-17

Shakespeare's Richard III
Last Act Theatre Company | Austin, TX 
Learn More



07-29-17

Jingle in July
Capital City Clauses | Raleigh, NC 
Learn More



07-29-17

Michiana Humane Society's 8th Annual Cocktails at the Grand Cottage
Humane Society of LaPorte and Berrien Counties, Inc | New Buffalo, MI 
Learn More



08-10-17

Women FORE! Women Golf Outing
Vista Maria | Plymouth, MI 
Learn More



08-14-17

Omar Uresti Invitational
The First Tee of Greater Austin | Austin, TX 
Learn More



09-16-17

Rocky Mountain Lab Rescue 5K
Rocky Mountain Lab Rescue | Lakewood, CO 
Learn More



09-19-17

Houston's Taste of the Nation for No Kid Hungry
Share Our Strength | Houston, TX 
Learn More



10-17-17

Kentucky Golf Classic to benefit Susan G. Komen
Susan G. Komen | Nicholasville, KY 
Learn More



10-28-17

Agape Animal Ball
Agape Animal Rescue | Franklin, TN 
Learn More








The
Good Swag


				Net proceeds* from our store directly support our philanthropy partners.
			





Shop Mixology Kit
View Product







Shop Dog Toy
View Product







Shop Wearables
View Product




View Our Merch

*Proceeds are net of all fees and costs from third party processor.





Share
the Love

See #lovetitos in action.

Loading


follow @titosvodka































	A Magician Among the Spirits  by Harry Houdini - Reviews, Description & more - ISBN#9780809480708 - BetterWorldBooks.com





































































Books donated:
                    
                        23,464,532
                    



Funds raised for literacy & libraries:
                    
                        $
                    
                        25,029,353.00
                    



Books reused or recycled:
                    
                        261,134,954
                    










Login



                Cart:
                
                    0

Checkout

Wishlist
My Account
Order Status
Help


Great Prices on new and used books
FREE Shipping Worldwide.


         
    




Yowza! You don't have JavaScript enabled in your browser!
Please enable JavaScript and then you won't have to see this annoying marquee!

                                            Our site is one of the 99% of websites on the internet that require a JavaScript enabled web browser.
                                            We recommend using a modern web browser such as Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge with their default settings.
                                        





















Books




Textbooks




Popular Categories










Home
Textbooks

Popular Categories




Antique, Rare & Collectible Books
Architecture Books
Art Books
Biographies & Autobiographies
Business & Economics Books
Children's Books
Comic Books & Graphic Novels
Computer & Technology Books
Cookbooks, Food & Wine Books
Crime Books
Design Books
Education Books



Fiction & Classic Literature Books
Funny Books
Health & Fitness Books
History Books
Home & Garden Books
Horror Books
Magazines & Newspapers
Medical Books
Mind, Body, & Spirit Books
Mystery Books & Thrillers
Parenting, Family & Relationship Books



Philosophy Books
Photography Books
Political & Current Events Books
Reference Books
Religion Books
Romance Books
Science Books
Science Fiction Books
Self-Help Books
Social Science Books
Sports Books
Travel Books






Bargain Bin



Save on used books. Shop Now!



Textbooks



Up to 90% OFF!



Other Merchandise



Audiobooks
T-Shirts
DVD Movies
Music CDs






Connect





From the Blog
WORDSWORTH AT ALA!
At the yearly gathering of booklovers held in Chicago’s McCormick Place convention center June 22 – 27, Wordsworth the Better World Bookmobile is...


READ MORE 







Gift Certificates
Donate











Home/
Body, Mind & Spirit
/
Spiritualism
/
General
/A Magician Among the Spirits

















View larger
            image 










            A Magician Among the Spirits
            
                (Collector's Library of the Unknown)



by

Harry Houdini



(89 reviews)(89 reviews)





                Hardcover:Shipping

                ♥ Add to
                    Wishlist











                    Tweet















Hello, I'm an eBook!

ATTENTION: This item is an eBook. It can be read on iOS, Android, MAC and PC's with a supported eReader. It is not a physical book. eBooks are available via download immediately after you've checked out.
                






USED 

            $9.42


            Shipped from other seller

Condition:





 





Item is out
                    of stock





            NEW 
 
                    $24.63


            Shipped from other seller




 





Item is out
                    of stock









USED 

            $9.42


            Shipped from other seller

Condition:





 





Item is out
                    of stock











            NEW 
 
                    $24.63


            Shipped from other seller




 





Item is out
                    of stock














View All Available Copies



         

         




All Available Copies
+
-

> Find at your local library


Other Sellers


    Shipments from other sellers will have different delivery time frames. To see what those are click here.


CONDITION
SELLER
PRICE
SHIPPING
PURCHASE
















Used Good(1 Copy):
                        Good 0809480700 Item in good condition. Textbooks may not include supplemental items i.e. CDs, access codes etc...
                    
                    





 







            GoodDealsOnUsedBooks
                IL, USA




                $9.42
            

FREE










Used Very Good(1 Copy):
                        Used-U2-Very Good
                    
                    





 







            Copperfield's Books (ABA)
                CA, USA




                $15.70
            

FREE










Used Very Good(1 Copy):
                        Very Good Black leather hardback has name plate inside cover no marks in text and is in very good conditionEach order is emailed a USPS tracking number. All books are sanitized and cleaned for your protection before mailing.
                    
                    





 







            books4u31
                NC, USA




                $20.47
            

FREE










Used Very Good(1 Copy):
                        Very good. No dust jacket. 294 p. Collector's Library of the Unknown. Audience: General/trade.
                    
                    





 







            Skywhys Books
                CA, USA




                $21.55
            

FREE










New:
                        New 0809480700.
                    
                    





 







            Lexington Books
                ID, USA




                $24.63
            

FREE












Product Details
+
-


Media: Hardcover Book, 294 pagesPublication Date: UnknownPublisher: Time Life MedicalISBN-10: 0809480700ISBN-13: 9780809480708Series: Collector's Library of the UnknownLanguage: English

Categories:

                            General Spiritualism






Customer Reviews
+
-




Reviews from Goodreads.com










USED 

            $9.42


            Shipped from other seller

Condition:





 





Item is out
                    of stock











            NEW 
 
                    $24.63


            Shipped from other seller




 





Item is out
                    of stock


















3 books for $10




            Our best deal on used books 3 for $10 and just $3 each additional book. Shop and Save





 Book for Book™ 
We match every book you purchase with a book donation. Learn more »





 Deep Discounts 
Come save on used books in the Clearance Aisle. Learn more »





Gift Certificates 
Gift Certificate = Happy Friend + Books donated to families in need. Make Someone Happy »





 Shipments 
All used inventory that ships from Better World Books may come from separate Better World Books distribution centers.

















Filter...


Show: 



View: 

List
Grid



Results per page: 













Refine your Search













                                                            On Sale
                                                        







On Sale





































Better World Books

BWB Cares
About Us
Videos
Our Stores
Find a Drop Box
Blog
Press & Media
Facebook
Twitter
Careers




Customer Service

Support Center
Forgot Your Password?


Gift Certificates

Buy a gift certificate
Redeem a gift certificate
Gift Certificate Balance




Shipping & Payment

Rates & Delivery Times
International Shipping
Return Policy
Payment Methods





Our Programs

Host a Drop Box
Literacy Grants
BWB for Libraries
BWB on Campus
Donate Books
Affiliates Program
Deals
Bulk Sales








Literacy Partners
















 


                    © Better World Books (BetterWorldBooks.com)
                    - All Rights Reserved  Deals | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Copyright | Legal 






                            14
                        







Twitter



Facebook










About Us
My Account 
Wish List
Order Status


Help
Term and Conditions
Privacy Policy

















;







Attention: All condition images are examples only. They do not depict the specific book you are ordering. 


















