

























 



 Lending Club Appoints Capital One Credit Officer Sandeep Bhandari as Chief Credit Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Lending Club Appoints Capital One Credit Officer Sandeep Bhandari as Chief Credit Officer

Aug 04, 2015, 16:02 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Lending Club 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Lending Club, the world’s largest online marketplace connecting borrowers and investors.    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Lending Club, the world’s largest online marketplace connecting borrowers and investors.
 


 

 




 





 


SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Lending Club (NYSE:   LC) today announced that Sandeep Bhandari, Assistant Chief Credit Officer at Capital One Bank (Credit Risk Management) and Venture Partner (Capital One Ventures), will join Lending Club as Chief Credit Officer on August 24. 
Bhandari will assume responsibility for credit risk management across all products, replacing in that capacity Lending Club Chief Risk Officer Chaomei Chen, who will be retiring at the end of this year. 
"We're grateful to Chaomei for the formative role she has played over the last four years in establishing the foundation for, and building, an outstanding  credit and risk management organization, and wish her the best as she begins a new chapter of her life," said Lending Club CEO Renaud Laplanche. "We're also thrilled to welcome Sandeep as a key member of the executive team. In 15 years at Capital One Sandeep demonstrated his strategic abilities to launch new products, acquire quality customers, and develop growth strategies that led to accelerated growth of originations, while prudently managing credit risk and accurately forecasting credit performance. We're glad that they'll be able to work side by side for a time to ensure a smooth transition."
"It's been an honor and a pleasure to have been part of the team over the last four years and I am very proud of what we have accomplished," said Lending Club Chief Risk Officer Chaomei Chen. "I wish continued success for Sandeep and the team."
Bhandari said, "Lending Club truly has the potential to transform the traditional banking system. I'm thrilled to join the team and look forward to helping the company continue to execute on its mission to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding by growing its business on multiple fronts."
Bhandari held a variety of roles at Capital One encompassing strategy development, credit risk management, marketing, product development, and underwriting expertise across consumer and small business credit cards, auto loans, mortgages and home equity loans. 
Bhandari holds a B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Delhi and an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad.
About Lending Club
Lending Club's mission is to transform the banking system to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding. The company's technology platform enables it to deliver innovative solutions to borrowers and investors. Since launching in 2007, the Lending Club platform has facilitated over $11.2 billion in consumer loans and has more than doubled annual loan volume each year. We operate at a lower cost than traditional bank lending programs, so we're able to pass the savings on to borrowers in the form of lower rates and to investors in the form of solid returns. Lending Club has been prominently recognized as a leader for its growth and innovation, including being named one of Forbes' America's Most Promising Companies three years in a row, a CNBC Disruptor two years in a row, a 2012 World Economic Forum Technology Pioneer, and one of The World's 10 Most Innovative Companies in Finance by Fast Company. Lending Club is based in San Francisco, California. More information is available at https://www.lendingclub.com. Currently only residents of the following states may invest in Lending Club notes: AR, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, KY (accredited investors), LA, MA, ME, MN, MS, MT, NH, NV, NY, OK, RI, SD, TX, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI, WV, or WY. All loans made by WebBank, a Utah-chartered Industrial Bank, Member FDIC.
Some of the statements in this above are "forward-looking statements." The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," "will," "would" and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in forward-looking statements. The Company does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. Information in this press release is not an offer to sell securities or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Additional information about Lending Club is available in the prospectus for Lending Club's notes, which can be obtained on Lending Club's website at https://www.lendingclub.com/info/prospectus.action.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140417/76307 
 
 SOURCE  Lending Club  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.lendingclub.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Aug 12, 2015, 09:00 ET
Preview: Lending Club Launches Open Integration




















Aug 04, 2015, 16:00 ET
Preview: Lending Club Reports Second Quarter 2015 Results








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Feb 14, 2017, 16:07 ET
Lending Club Reports First Quarter 2017 Results














Feb 14, 2017, 16:07 ET
Lending Club Schedules First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and...














Feb 14, 2017, 16:07 ET
Lending Club Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  


Former Capital One Credit Officer Sandeep Bhandari Joins Lending Club as Chief Credit Officer - Crowdfund Insider






































































































Featured
Marketplaces
Offerings
Blockchain & Digital Currency
Fintech
More 

Home
Global
Strategy
Politics
Real Estate
Asia
Insurtech
Canada
Events
Opinion
Women Changing Finance
The Ultimate Crowdfunding Guide
About Us
Submit a Tip – Contact Us








Search





























Former Capital One Credit Officer Sandeep Bhandari Joins Lending Club as  Chief Credit Officer
 Tweet11 Share Share2 +12 Reddit Pin EmailShares 15

August 4, 2015 @ 4:56 pm By JD Alois 


Lending Club has announced that Sandeep Bhandari, Assistant Chief Credit Officer at Capital One Bank and Venture Partner, will join Lending Club as Chief Credit Officer later this month. Bhandari will assume responsibility for credit risk management across all products, replacing in that capacity Lending Club Chief Risk Officer Chaomei Chen, who will be retiring at the end of this year.
Lending Club CEO Renaud Laplanche complimented the  services of Chaomei and welcomed Bhandari to the LC team:
“We’re also thrilled to welcome Sandeep as a key member of the executive team. In 15 years at Capital One Sandeep demonstrated his strategic abilities to launch new products, acquire quality customers, and develop growth strategies that led to accelerated growth of originations, while prudently managing credit risk and accurately forecasting credit performance. We’re glad that they’ll be able to work side by side for a time to ensure a smooth transition.”
“Lending Club truly has the potential to transform the traditional banking system,” said Bhandari. “I’m thrilled to join the team and look forward to helping the company continue to execute on its mission to make credit more affordable and investing more rewarding by growing its business on multiple fronts.”
Bhandari holds a B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Delhi and an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad.
“It’s been an honor and a pleasure to have been part of the team over the last four years and I am very proud of what we have accomplished,” said Chaomei Chen. “I wish continued success for Sandeep and the team.”
 
 
 










		Sponsored Links by DQ Promote			

You may also like...Lending Club Announces New Partnership With Citibank For Community LendingLending Club & US Women’s Chamber of Commerce Form Partnership to Aid Women-Owned BusinessesLending Club Adds Another Partnership with SCORE as it Pushes Further into Business LoansBuilding Business: Lending Club Grows SME Finance Vertical with New Line of Credit ProductLending Club Announces New Partnership with Home Improvement Marketplace HomeAdvisor200 Community Banks Partner Up with Lending Club in P2P PushYirendai Appoints Chaomei Chen, Former Chief Risk Officer of LendingClub, As Member of Yirendai Advisory CommitteeLending Club & Union Bank Create Strategic AllianceLending Club Raises Interest Rates by 0.25% Matching FedLending Club Launches AA Super Prime Loans: Offers Expanded Options and Lower RatesLending Club Reacts to Concerns Over Madden vs. Midland DecisionLending Club IPO Priced at $15 Share as Early Investors Book Huge GainsLending Club Settles with Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Borrower Confusion Associated with Springstone FinancialGrowing Up: Lending Club Has Been Tested, Survived & is Getting BiggerWATCH: Lending Club CEO Renaud Laplanche Testifies Before House Committee On Small Business
 Tweet11 Share Share2 +12 Reddit Pin EmailShares 15






Pingback: Former Capital One Credit Officer Sandeep Bhandari Joins Lending Club as Chief Credit Officer | MovEnergy()








 





Subscribe to our weekly email

Email Address 





 






 




Sponsored Links by DQ Promote 

. 



. 
. 




 











Bhandari Sandeep 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


































 


