































Sanjay Bhatia | GENBAND





































We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website and to ensure we show advertising that is relevant to you. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of such cookies. You can change this and find out more by following: Cookie Policy


CONTINUE




  
 










 





Sanjay Bhatia /  Contact Us








Company

About Us
Board of Directors
Careers
Contact Us
Customers
Glossary
How to Buy
Investors
Management Team
Perspectives17
Resource Library
Thought Leaders David Walsh
Daryl Raiford
John McCready
Patrick Joggerst
Paul Pluschkell
Robin Wright
Jon Jorgl
Sacha Gera
Bita Milanian
Sanjay Bhatia
Roy Timor-Rousso




 


Sanjay Bhatia













 



VP, Solutions Marketing & Strategy




Serving as Vice President of Solutions Marketing and Strategy for GENBAND, Sanjay Bhatia oversees the company’s product marketing organization and alignment of GENBAND’s go-to-market strategy across different market segments including NFV, Cloud, Enterprise Unified Communications, MSO and Wireless. Bhatia is an accomplished telecommunications professional with over 28 years of wide-ranging global experience. Bhatia has held a variety of senior leadership roles in Product Marketing, Product Line Management, and Research & Development for leading technology companies. He possesses a strong track record of successfully introducing new technologies via innovative product and solutions launches. Bhatia is an accomplished speaker who has presented at several global events. Prior to joining GENBAND, Bhatia served in senior business unit and marketing roles at Tekelec and various leadership positions at Nortel Networks. Bhatia holds bachelors and masters degrees in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Tech University.




Key Articles & Media: 




05/03/2016




Se inició la conferencia Perspectives16 en Orlando, Estados Unidos




Prensario Internacional







04/22/2016




Modernizing telecoms with all-IP networks




Prensario Internacional







02/19/2016




GENBAND and HPE: Working Together to Bring the True Benefits of NFV to Life




GENBAND







2016




Telco Mission Critical: Enabling Advanced Media Processing in the NFV Cloud




Intel







12/12/2014




My Take on the Carrier Network Virtualization Conference and a Great Week for the NFV Movement







01/2015




Now a common understanding of the NFV goals







07/2015




Increasing Service Agility with NFV - Intel Chip Chat: Network Insights episode 16







08/20/2015




Signaling the NFV Cloud Evolution







Video Clips: 









RTC Needs NFV






 










Contact Us Name *
Please enter your first name Name *
Please enter your last name E-Mail *
Please enter your E-mail Region *
Please select your regionREGIONNorth AmericaCentral America / Latin AmericaEurope / Middle East / AfricaAsia / Pacific Job *
Please enter Job Your Message *
Please enter your MessageSEND EMAIL
Thank You!We will be in touch shortly.










Contact UsSupport 




















Interview: Sanjay Bhatia on the Importance of Carrier-Grade VNFs 
















































































 


 


 


















Open Menu





 






The Importance of Carrier-grade VNFs
SDxCentralFebruary 13, 20179:18 am PTServing as Vice President of Solutions Marketing and Strategy for GENBAND, Sanjay Bhatia oversees the company’s product marketing organization and alignment of GENBAND’s go-to-market strategy across different market segments including NFV, Cloud, Enterprise Unified Communications, MSO, and Wireless. Bhatia is an accomplished telecommunications professional with over 28 years of wide-ranging global experience. Bhatia has held a variety of senior leadership roles in Product Marketing, Product Line Management, and Research & Development for leading technology companies. He possesses a strong track record of successfully introducing new technologies via innovative product and solutions launches. Bhatia is an accomplished speaker who has presented at several global events. Prior to joining GENBAND, Bhatia served in senior business unit and marketing roles at Tekelec and various leadership positions at Nortel Networks. Bhatia holds bachelors and masters degrees in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Tech University.
Check out the HPE & Intel Open NFV Ecosystem webinar featuring GENBAND where Sanjay Bhatia demonstrates some of GENBAND’s high performance virtualized network functions (VNFs) such as Session Border Controller and Advanced Media Software (AMS) utilized for multiple applications such as VoLTE MRF, VoLTE Interconnects, vIMS, IP eXchange (IPX) and SIP Trunking.

GENBAND primarily focuses on VNF offerings for Voice over LTE (VoLTE), SBC, Analytics and other real time communications solutions. For carriers to succeed with network functions virtualization (NFV), these VNFs need to be hosted on carrier-grade NFVI and appropriately orchestrated with a strong MANO offering. What’s your recommendation to carriers on this?
Bhatia: Yes, GENBAND provides high performance VNF offerings to global service providers for NFV-based deployments for multiple applications and services. These GENBAND VNFs include a distributed Advanced Control Software (ACS) VNF for Session Border Controllers, an Advanced Media Software (AMS) VNF for VoLTE,  fixed network media interworking and transcoding, a Media Control VNF for IMS MRF and MGCF applications and an Intelligent Messaging VNF, to name a few. GENBAND also offers a VNF Manager, a key component of the ETSI MANO architecture for lifecycle management, automation and elasticity of GENBAND and third party VNFs.
Our VNF portfolio is hosted on carrier-grade NFVI and orchestrated in the telco cloud with our ecosystem partner offerings. GENBAND works with a broad ecosystem of partners for carrier-grade NFVI and orchestration. Some of our key ecosystem partners for NFVI include HPE with HPE Helion Carrier Grade, Wind River Titanium, and Intel for their technology and architecture.
GENBAND has teamed with Intel and HPE to offer differentiated NFV. Can you tell us more about this partnership and the nature of differentiation?
Bhatia: GENBAND is a key member of the HPE OpenNFV ecosystem as well as the Intel Network Builders ecosystem. As part of these two important ecosystems, we work very closely with these two vendors and the broader ecosystems to create high performance and carrier-class NFV solutions for service providers so that they can provide innovative new services such as  VoLTE and Internet of Things (IoT), quickly and efficiently to their end customers, ensuring great end-user experiences. Our Kandy Cloud Communications platform enables real time communications capabilities for IoT applications.
We work with Intel to provide high performance VNFs.  An example of this collaboration with Intel is our work together on our Advanced Media Software (AMS) VNF which is utilized for media interworking and transcoding in VoLTE and other networks. The AMS VNF is fully software based and implemented 100 percent on Intel architecture. We work closely with Intel to characterize and optimize the AMS VNF’s performance for the telco cloud. GENBAND has great media processing expertise and working with market leaders like Intel allows us to jointly bring to market best-in-class solutions for our service provider customers.
VoLTE and IoT require carrier-scale NFV-based real-time communications services. How is GENBAND making this possible?
Bhatia: NFV-based services such as VoLTE and IoT have to address scale, and this is really non-negotiable. Carriers are not strangers to providing high scale and high reliability services to customers on their networks. Hence NFV-based services have to provide carrier class and at carrier scale. GENBAND is making this possible by enabling carrier class capabilities for solutions at all layers of NFV architecture. This means that the NFVI has to be carrier class, and our ecosystem partners like HPE certainly provide that capability. It also means that the VNFs have to be carrier class and our full VNF portfolio architectures support full redundancy with high reliability. GENBAND is known for our large scale deployments in major Tier 1 service providers – so we really understand carrier class well. For example, GENBAND already has multiple deployments in large VoLTE networks, all exceeding 50 million subscribers.
We hear vendors using the words “cloud-native” quite often. Can you explain to us what a cloud native VNF is? And why should service providers care about that?
Bhatia: Virtualization of telecommunication network functions is not a new phenomenon and has been done for a long time. Traditionally a monolithic non-modular approach has been used where an entire software application for the network function runs in its own virtual machine (VM) on a shared off the shelf platform. While this approach does enable service providers to transition from proprietary platform to an off the shelf platform and optimize their compute resources of a single server node, it falls short on many grounds when compared to NFV cloud-based deployment. Dynamic on-demand scalability, fully automated deployments, multi-VNF service chaining, multi-cloud geo-redundancy, self-healing under failures, and multi-tenancy across a pool of data center resources are some of the key benefits of the cloud-based approach that brings service agility and tremendous Capex and Opex savings, upwards of 50 percent, to service providers. For VNFs to provide these benefits, it has to be built for the cloud environment with open application program interfaces (APIs) and modular approach. Hence the term “cloud-native”.
A growing number of organizations such as Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) and service providers including AT&T, Vodafone, Deutsche Telecom, and Tele2 are supporting the cloud-native implementations.  GENBAND has fully embraced a cloud-native NFV approach for all its VNF implementations such as Session Border Controller, IMS Media Resource Function, Intelligent Messaging, and others.
Micro-services architecture have been touted as an advancement in the building of cloud applications. What role does the architecture play for NFV, and how is GENBAND using this architecture in its products?
Bhatia: Micro-services architecture is fundamental to a cloud-native VNF implementation. The concept has been around for a while in enterprise IT applications but is new to the telecom industry. In a micro-services architecture you basically break apart a software application into smaller self-contained modules that runs as individual virtual instances anywhere in the cloud and interworks with each other and with the rest of the application ecosystem via APIs. It will fundamentally shift how a telecom software application are built. A VNF built with micro-services architecture generally constitute of several virtual instances (or VMs) – each playing a dedicated role such as persistent database, cache, application processing, security, and many others; and capable of scaling independently as needed. It brings major improvements in VNFs performance, scalability, resource efficiency, and resiliency – all critical factors to maintain a carrier grade service that NFV infrastructure claims.
GENBAND is using a micro-services approach at multiple levels. For instance we have fully distributed the two main functions of SBC – signaling and media into its own respective VNFs, a unique solution in the market. We also share (another key principal of micro-services architecture) the same media function across multiple signaling applications, another unique capability. We further apply the micro-services architecture within each VNF to achieve horizontal elastic scalability; on-demand, software-based transcoding; N:M redundancy; and independent scalability of functional capabilities such as call processing, routing, security, and device registrations.
Why should service providers have geo-distributed Virtual Network Functions? And is this difficult to deploy and manage?
Bhatia: Geo-distribution and flexible network deployment topologies of VNFs are critical for NFV cloud deployments to provide the best user experience in terms of reliability, reduced latency, and superior quality for voice services. Geo-distributing VNFs between the mobile core, edge, and customer premises, enables service providers to provide high reliability and optimized deployments. For example, distributing media processing to the edge of the networks reduces latency and provides a better end-user experience.  Furthermore, GENBAND enables geo-distribution of VNF components within and between data centers, which further enhances resilience and redundancy.
What can we expect from GENBAND at MWC this year?
Bhatia: We are excited to showcase our ecosystem NFV solutions to the mobile community attending MWC. GENBAND will be showcasing our high performance VNF and VNF Management solutions for VoLTE Transcoding, Interconnect, and Roaming at our booth in Hall 2, Booth 2I31. We will also be showcasing our Predictive Analytics VNF solution, which was a finalist in last year’s Intel and Verizon Innovation Challenge. We are going to be showcasing these solutions on our ecosystem partner NFVI environments. One of the featured demonstrations includes a multi-cloud VoLTE solution that will highlight GENBAND’s multiple VNFs, simultaneously deployed and elastically scaled with the GENBAND VNF Manager on the HPE Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade environment to instantly turn up services on multiple, geo-distributed cloud environments. This demonstration will also be showcased in the HPE OpenNFV Partner Showcase in Hall 3 Stand 3E11. We encourage your readers to stop by to see these and other exciting demonstrations we will be featuring during the show.

 
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 
 



Win a $300 Amazon Gift Card
Take the 2017 Edge Computing and MEC Report Survey to enter for a chance to win one of two $300 Amazon Gift Cards. It will take you only a few minutes to complete our short survey


New Report: 2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration
2017 Container and Cloud Orchestration Report is available for free download. This Free Report focuses on containers, cloud management, DevOps, orchestration, and automation solutions including key requirements to look for, and a sampling of vendor solutions available today.


Join SDxCentral™ to receive exclusive access.Sign Up Now!
Free Report: 2017 NFV Report Series Pt 3: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)
2017 NFV Report Series Part III: Powering NFV – Virtual Network Functions (VNFs)  is available for free download. This FREE Report focuses on how the NFV infrastructure will enable virtual network functions to be deployed, orchestrated, and managed in the cloud.


 



Our Latest News In Your Mailbox!
To join our weekly or daily mailing list, and ensure that you are first to know about the latest in SDN and NFV sign up for the SDxCentral site and join our community!


 
 


About SDxCentral
About Us
Editorial Team
Editorial Calendar
Advertise on SDxCentral
Careers at SDxCentral
Support
Contact Us

Engage With us



 
 




















 















Sanjay Bhatia




























































































CLOSE



Articles

AI
Big Data
Blockchain
Cloud
Comms


WATCH

#CloudTalks
2017 Videos
Cloud Expo 2017
disruptive pitch
Event Videos


Fintech
Video Events
#Disruptive
LEARN
LIVE
 
 





English

ESPAÑA


ABOUT

Contact
Newsletter
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions


News
#CloudTalks
GDPR


 









 









Articles




 

Machine Learning – Let’s talk AI – SAP’s Sven Denecken 




 

IoT Solutions and a Smarter Grid can Help Cut Power Outages 




 

Predictive Analytics – Let’s talk AI – Logical Glue’s Robert De Caux 




 

A Guide to Blockchain and How it Works 




 

Picture Perfect: 5 Tips to Protect Cloud Video 

AllAIBig DataBlockchainCloudComms 


WATCH




 

Machine Learning – Let’s talk AI – SAP’s Sven Denecken 




 

Predictive Analytics – Let’s talk AI – Logical Glue’s Robert De Caux 




 

AI and Financial Services – Let’s talk AI – FICO’s Derek Dempsey 




 

Natural Language Processing and Big Data Analytics – Let’s talk AI –  SafeToNet’s Richard Pursey 




 

Comms Business Live Episode 4: Who’s Eating Your Lunch? 

All#CloudTalks2017 VideosCloud Expo 2017disruptive pitchEvent Videos 


Fintech
Video Events




 

Matthew Finnie from Interoute LIVE from Cloud Expo ’17 




 

Ian Pattison from IBM LIVE from Cloud Expo ’17 




 

Michael Winterson from Equinix LIVE from Cloud Expo ’17 




 

Glenn Fitzgerald from Fujitsu LIVE from Cloud Expo ’17 




 

Michele Borovac from Velostrata LIVE from Cloud Expo ’17 

 


#Disruptive
LEARN
LIVE






















 











Sanjay Bhatia

21 Nov, 2016 




Sanjay Bhatia, Vice President, Solutions Marketing & Strategy at GENBAND
Serving as Vice President of Solutions Marketing and Strategy for GENBAND, Sanjay Bhatia oversees the company’s product marketing organization and alignment of GENBAND’s go-to-market strategy across different market segments including NFV, Cloud, Enterprise Unified Communications, MSO and Wireless. Bhatia is an accomplished telecommunications professional with over 28 years of wide-ranging global experience.
Bhatia has held a variety of senior leadership roles in Product Marketing, Product Line Management, and Research & Development for leading technology companies. He possesses a strong track record of successfully introducing new technologies via innovative product and solutions launches. Bhatia is an accomplished speaker who has presented at several global events.
Prior to joining GENBAND, Bhatia served in senior business unit and marketing roles at Tekelec and various leadership positions at Nortel Networks. Bhatia holds bachelors and masters degrees in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Tech University.


 
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

PatSnap launches cloud platform to accelerate drug research 

 



 

Machine Learning – Let’s talk AI – SAP’s Sven Denecken 

 



 

IoT Solutions and a Smarter Grid can Help Cut Power Outages 

  




 
Sponsors 


 



 



 


Latest Articles



 
Machine Learning – Let’s talk AI – SAP’s Sven Denecken

26 Jul, 2017 
 
 



 
IoT Solutions and a Smarter Grid can Help Cut Power Outages

26 Jul, 2017 
 
 



 
Predictive Analytics – Let’s talk AI – Logical Glue’s Robert De...

25 Jul, 2017 
 
 



 
A Guide to Blockchain and How it Works

25 Jul, 2017 
 
 



 
Picture Perfect: 5 Tips to Protect Cloud Video

24 Jul, 2017 
 
   

 

 




Extolling the virtues and value of Cloud Computing to businesses. Contact us: info@comparethecloud.net 

Random Articles




Artificial Intelligence Could Be Set to Make Security Smarter 
21 Jul, 2016 

 
 




IBM SoftLayer and the importance of an MSP channel to leverage... 
7 Jan, 2016 

 
 




5 more reasons why businesses should adopt the cloud 
13 Aug, 2015 

 
   

Popular Videos




Building a Cloud – #CloudTalks with Agenor’s Jason Forsyth 
3 Mar, 2017 

 
 




Brad Ross speaks to CTC for #CloudTalks 
15 Jan, 2016 

 
 




Predictive Analytics – Let’s talk AI – Logical Glue’s Robert De... 
25 Jul, 2017 

 
   







                    © 2017 COMPARE THE CLOUD LTD. All rights reserved.                



Disruptive Tech TV
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
 























































TIA Connectivity Jam -Sanjay Bhatia































































 Sanjay BhatiaServing as Vice President of Solutions Marketing and Strategy for GENBAND, Sanjay Bhatia oversees the company’s product marketing organization and alignmnent of GENBAND’s go-to-market strategy across different market segments including NFV, Cloud, Enterprise Unified Communications, MSO and Wireless.  Bhatia is an accomplished telecommunications professional with over 28 years of wide-ranging global experience.Bhatia has held a variety of senior leadership roles in Product Marketing, Product Line Management, and Research & Development for leading technology companies. He possesses a strong track record of successfully introducing new technologies via innovative product and solutions launches.  Bhatia is an accomplished speaker who has presented at several global events.Prior to joining GENBAND, Bhatia served in senior business unit and marketing roles at Tekelec and various leadership positions at Nortel Networks. Bhatia holds bachelors and masters degrees in Electrical Engineering from Virginia Tech University.




Join TIA, IDC and your peers in defining how connectivity gets built right the first time.













SANJAY BHATIA - IRVINE, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



IRVINE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            SANJAY BHATIA
                                    



 





















S 


SANJAY BHATIA
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



25 PAPERBARK IRVINE, CA 92620
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $96,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts SANJAY BHATIA







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Sanjay Bhatia was founded in 2007. Sanjay Bhatia specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Sanjay Bhatia has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $96,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://health.usnews.com/doctors/sanjay-bhatia-402127" on this server.
Reference #18.660b180.1501116800.68b41f


