


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Information Management Software | Plytix


































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started































Your product content hub








Manage, optimize, and distribute your product content from one cloud platform to get to market faster
 


































X






















Features




Pricing




Testimonials
































Launch products faster
Eliminate the time consuming tasks that holds you back. Launch products 3x faster by enriching, optimizing, and distributing product content from one location.


















Cross-channel coherence
Over half of all shoppers research products on multiple channels before making a purchase. With consistent, quality product information potential customers will become loyal customers.


















Turn spreadsheets into workspace
The Plytix PIM takes all the data you have buried in spreadsheets with smart import mapping. Get a workspace that lets you add text, media, and define custom attributes error-free.






















Digital Asset Management
Make sure all your product and brand assets are organized and easily accessible by your whole team. Link images, videos, PDFs, and other files to products without needing duplicate content. 


















Digital product catalogs
Create interactive download centers for your catalogs. Share them via public link or embed them directly onto your website. Catalogs are enhanced with email notifications so that you know where all your content goes.


















Be the master of your content
Take control of your product content and see the difference in your bottom line. Rich, consistent content plus the efficiency provided by a PIM can boost sales by 35%. 


























Get the full feature & pricing list
































Experience the difference
Other PIM systems are complicated and expensive. Plytix offers affordable, ready-to-use product information management software that is simple enough for entire teams to use and powerful enough to support limitless growth.  
 




































I finally have ONE place for all of my data that's always updated and available to me no matter where I am.
Mai Johansson | Mai Copenhagen



































Growth



Estimate price per month


Number of products


No credit card required


Pay as you grow
All features included

Unlimited users
Unlimited variations
XML Template Builder
Digital asset management
Onboarding assistance available




Type number of products here!







Enterprise



CustomIdeal for +10,000 products

 


Need something different?
Let’s talk

All features included
Fixed price per month
Dedicated account manager
Integration support
Free onboarding






































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close


































































Bienville Capital Management - Home



















Creativity Starts With Viewing The World Differently.







New York City
July 26





















Bienville Capital Management - Team



















Team





Ralph Reynolds  ›   Chairman & Co-Founder
              



Cullen Thompson  ›   President/CIO & Co-Founder 
              



Billy Stimpson  ›   CEO & Co-Founder
              





Don Stoltz  ›   Partner, COO & Head of Trading 
              



Mark Bower  ›   Partner & Head of Emerging Markets
              



Jack Meyercord  ›   Portfolio Manager, Head of Impact Investing
              





Blake Bennett  ›   Partner & Portfolio Manager
              



Brian Yuen  ›   Analyst
              



Brandon Pilot  ›   Analyst
              





Alan Speer  ›   Chief Financial Officer
              



Nick Paccone  ›   Controller
              



Daniela Ciocca  ›   Director of Operations
              





Charlie Grace  ›   Analyst
              



Tyler Smith  ›   Analyst
              



John  Bottcher  ›   Analyst
              





Justin Ryan  ›   Analyst
              



Emily Bargabos  ›   Operations Analyst
              



Alison Robertson  ›   Executive Assistant
              

























Bienville Capital Management - Approach


















How doyou view theworld?



While others may be confused, you exhibit clarity.While others are constrained, you are flexible.While others chase fads, you discover trends.While others see adversity, you uncover opportunity.

        We are an investment management and advisory firm working with select clients who subscribe to our unique approach.
      
Simply, our team is dedicated to uncovering ideas through creativity—in both thinking and implementation. Our process and investment themes are supported by an intense global search for idiosyncratic opportunities.
We view the world differently, and this makes all the difference.
To contact us for information on our advisory services, Bienville Argentina Opportunities Fund 2.0 LP, Bienville Brazil Opportunities Fund LP, Bienville Capital Partners LP, Bienville Ventures LP or the Gulf Coast Opportunities Fund LP, please click here.

        Bienville CapitalNew York City
      




















Bienville Capital Management - Themes



















Themes

	           Intense global macro research serves as the backbone of our investment process, leading to the development of fundamental themes that drive capital allocation across the firm.


	       Our themes, often initially contrarian, have proven to precede 
	        conventional wisdom.

Here are some recent investment themes










              Argentina's Recovery
            







              Brazil's Stabilization
            







              China’s Slowdown
            







              Disruptive Technologies
            







              Emerging Markets
            







              Global Divergences 
            







              Healthcare
            







              Japan’s Reflation
            







              U.S. Housing
            
























Bienville Capital Management - Team



















Team





Ralph Reynolds  ›   Chairman & Co-Founder
              



Cullen Thompson  ›   President/CIO & Co-Founder 
              



Billy Stimpson  ›   CEO & Co-Founder
              





Don Stoltz  ›   Partner, COO & Head of Trading 
              



Mark Bower  ›   Partner & Head of Emerging Markets
              



Jack Meyercord  ›   Portfolio Manager, Head of Impact Investing
              





Blake Bennett  ›   Partner & Portfolio Manager
              



Brian Yuen  ›   Analyst
              



Brandon Pilot  ›   Analyst
              





Alan Speer  ›   Chief Financial Officer
              



Nick Paccone  ›   Controller
              



Daniela Ciocca  ›   Director of Operations
              





Charlie Grace  ›   Analyst
              



Tyler Smith  ›   Analyst
              



John  Bottcher  ›   Analyst
              





Justin Ryan  ›   Analyst
              



Emily Bargabos  ›   Operations Analyst
              



Alison Robertson  ›   Executive Assistant
              

























Bienville Capital Management - 



















Sorry!
Looks like something went wrong. Please try going to our homepage.




















Bienville Capital Management - Team - Mark Bower




















 Back To Team
    


MarkBower
Partner & Head of Emerging Markets

	      Mark joined Bienville in 2013 and is a Partner of the firm. He serves as Head of Emerging Markets focused on macro research, idea generation and direct investment opportunities across global asset classes. Mark closely monitors political and regulatory changes across the global economy, evaluating their impacts on financial markets with an emphasis on emerging and frontier markets. He has particular expertise in Latin America, Europe and the Middle East, as well as financials.


	      Prior to Bienville, Mark worked at Argonaut Capital, a macro hedge fund run by former principals of Tiger Management, where he focused on global equity markets and macro-level research on economies and financial systems. Mark’s career began at Prince Street Capital Management, an emerging market hedge fund, where his research responsibilities included Africa, Latin America and China.


	      Mark is a member of the Film Society of Lincoln Center. He speaks Spanish, Italian and Portuguese and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in economics and philosophy with a minor in history from Emory University. A native of Baltimore, MD, Mark resides in Brooklyn, NY.





















Bienville Capital Management - Team - Charlie Grace




















 Back To Team
    


CharlieGrace
Analyst

	      Charlie joined Bienville in 2012. His responsibilities include managing and cultivating Bienville’s client relationships and assisting the investment team with client portfolio strategy and implementation.


	      Charlie graduated with a bachelor’s degree in economics from Vanderbilt University, where he was captain of the men’s golf team and awarded the Benson Memorial Golf Scholarship for his work in the classroom and on the golf course. A native of Windermere, FL, he resides in New York, NY.















Bienville Capital Management, LLC                                                                                        - New York                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



New York



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            Bienville Capital Management, LLC
                                    



 





















B 


Bienville Capital Management, LLC                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



32 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS NEW YORK, NY 10013
Get Directions



(212) 226-7348
www.bienvillecapital.com                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $939,852.00
 Employee Count 9
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts Ralph F Reynolds                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Bienville Capital Management, Llc                                                                                        has been providing Investors, Nec from New York. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿
































Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Illinois Tool Works Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Whitman Howard Reiterates Buy Rating for Greencore Group plc (LON:GNC)
Breedon Group PLC’s (LON:BREE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt
Wizz Air Holdings PLC (LON:WIZZ) PT Raised to GBX 2,950 at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Castleton Technology PLC (LON:CTP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap
Carnival plc (CCL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC
Diageo plc (LON:DGE) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley
Emis Group Plc (LON:EMIS) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd
Bilby PLC (BILB) PT Raised to GBX 95
Morgan Stanley Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for BP plc (LON:BP)
Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC’s (LON:MONY) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt
Tui AG (TUI) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC
Deutsche Bank AG Trims Dixons Carphone PLC (DC) Target Price to GBX 400
Whitman Howard Reaffirms Buy Rating for Carr's Group PLC (CARR)
Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Charles Stanley Group plc (LON:CAY)
Novae Group Plc (NVA) Earns “Add” Rating from Peel Hunt
Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Huntsworth plc (HNT)
ITV plc (ITV) Earns “Buy” Rating from Liberum Capital
Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Price Target Raised to GBX 420
Accesso Technology Group PLC (ACSO) Earns “Add” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd
Morgan Stanley Reiterates “GBX 250” Price Target for Barclays PLC (BARC)




 


Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC

					Posted by Kim Johansen on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Bienville Capital Management LLC cut its stake in  Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 4,429 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 15 shares during the period. Bienville Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Illinois Tool Works were worth $588,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the fourth quarter valued at about $491,423,000.  Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 149.6% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 2,469,399 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $302,447,000 after buying an additional 1,479,979 shares during the period.  HPM Partners LLC purchased a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter valued at about $95,987,000.  Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the fourth quarter valued at about $61,759,000.  Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 3.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,905,002 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,179,646,000 after buying an additional 308,538 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  75.47% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Illinois Tool Works Inc. alerts:



Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) opened at 147.68 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $51.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.81 and a beta of 1.12. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $145.36 and its 200-day moving average is $135.44. Illinois Tool Works Inc. has a 52-week low of $111.50 and a 52-week high of $150.29. 




Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.45 by $0.09. The business had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.40 billion. Illinois Tool Works had a net margin of 15.24% and a return on equity of 45.02%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.29 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Illinois Tool Works Inc. will post $6.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a dividend of $0.65 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.76%. Illinois Tool Works’s payout ratio is 43.70%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC” was originally  reported by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/bienville-capital-management-llc-has-588000-position-in-illinois-tool-works-inc-nyseitw-updated-updated.html. 
ITW has been the subject of several analyst reports. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $131.00 to $155.00 in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $135.00 to $140.00 in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $135.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $125.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $160.00 price target (up previously from $140.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $148.69.
In other Illinois Tool Works news, CEO Ernest Scott Santi sold 101,297 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.03, for a total value of $13,982,024.91. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 191,142 shares in the company, valued at $26,383,330.26. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider John R. Hartnett sold 11,750 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total transaction of $1,703,280.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 23,839 shares in the company, valued at $3,455,701.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 220,850 shares of company stock worth $30,945,971 over the last 90 days. Insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
Illinois Tool Works Company Profile
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































﻿
































Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Illinois Tool Works Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Whitman Howard Reiterates Buy Rating for Greencore Group plc (LON:GNC)
Breedon Group PLC’s (LON:BREE) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt
Wizz Air Holdings PLC (LON:WIZZ) PT Raised to GBX 2,950 at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Castleton Technology PLC (LON:CTP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap
Carnival plc (CCL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Barclays PLC
Diageo plc (LON:DGE) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley
Emis Group Plc (LON:EMIS) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd
Bilby PLC (BILB) PT Raised to GBX 95
Morgan Stanley Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for BP plc (LON:BP)
Moneysupermarket.Com Group PLC’s (LON:MONY) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt
Tui AG (TUI) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC
Deutsche Bank AG Trims Dixons Carphone PLC (DC) Target Price to GBX 400
Whitman Howard Reaffirms Buy Rating for Carr's Group PLC (CARR)
Peel Hunt Reiterates Buy Rating for Charles Stanley Group plc (LON:CAY)
Novae Group Plc (NVA) Earns “Add” Rating from Peel Hunt
Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Huntsworth plc (HNT)
ITV plc (ITV) Earns “Buy” Rating from Liberum Capital
Ashmore Group plc (ASHM) Price Target Raised to GBX 420
Accesso Technology Group PLC (ACSO) Earns “Add” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd
Morgan Stanley Reiterates “GBX 250” Price Target for Barclays PLC (BARC)




 


Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC

					Posted by Kim Johansen on Jul 20th, 2017 // No Comments 




Bienville Capital Management LLC cut its stake in  Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 4,429 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 15 shares during the period. Bienville Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Illinois Tool Works were worth $588,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the fourth quarter valued at about $491,423,000.  Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 149.6% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 2,469,399 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $302,447,000 after buying an additional 1,479,979 shares during the period.  HPM Partners LLC purchased a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter valued at about $95,987,000.  Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the fourth quarter valued at about $61,759,000.  Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 3.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 8,905,002 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,179,646,000 after buying an additional 308,538 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  75.47% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Illinois Tool Works Inc. alerts:



Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) opened at 147.68 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $51.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.81 and a beta of 1.12. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $145.36 and its 200-day moving average is $135.44. Illinois Tool Works Inc. has a 52-week low of $111.50 and a 52-week high of $150.29. 




Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.54 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.45 by $0.09. The business had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.40 billion. Illinois Tool Works had a net margin of 15.24% and a return on equity of 45.02%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.29 earnings per share.  Equities research analysts predict that  Illinois Tool Works Inc. will post $6.38 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a dividend of $0.65 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.76%. Illinois Tool Works’s payout ratio is 43.70%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Position Cut by Bienville Capital Management LLC” was originally  reported by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/20/bienville-capital-management-llc-has-588000-position-in-illinois-tool-works-inc-nyseitw-updated-updated.html. 
ITW has been the subject of several analyst reports. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $131.00 to $155.00 in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $135.00 to $140.00 in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $135.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $125.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $160.00 price target (up previously from $140.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research note on Saturday, April 29th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $148.69.
In other Illinois Tool Works news, CEO Ernest Scott Santi sold 101,297 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.03, for a total value of $13,982,024.91. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 191,142 shares in the company, valued at $26,383,330.26. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider John R. Hartnett sold 11,750 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $144.96, for a total transaction of $1,703,280.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 23,839 shares in the company, valued at $3,455,701.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 220,850 shares of company stock worth $30,945,971 over the last 90 days. Insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
Illinois Tool Works Company Profile
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website

































































Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) Position Maintained by Bienville Capital Management LLC




























ibusinesslines.com July 27, 2017

































Main


Finance


Culture&Arts


Industry


Sci-tech


Sport


Global News


Health Care


U.S.












TOP


New Study Shows Undetectable Viral Load Is Effective In Stopping Transmission
Study finds more poison center calls tied to dietary supplements
Study claims alcohol consumption after studying improves memory
Cop embarrasses Delhi Police: Caught masturbating in front of female colleague
Two women killed during shooting in rural NZ




 

 


Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) Position Maintained by Bienville Capital Management LLC






14 July 2017, 08:29 | Melissa Porter




World Asset Management Inc now owns 63,392 shares of the industrial products company's stock worth $5,880,000 after buying an additional 5,512 shares during the last quarter. (NASDAQ:EA). Principal holds 0.05% or 491,554 shares. Delaware Enhanced Gbl Div & now has $180.85 million valuation. Caterpillar Inc. P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 0 and Forward P/E ratio of 20.64. About 155 shares traded. PhotoMedex Inc (OTCMKTS:PHMD) has risen 2.22% since July 12, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 29.75% the S&P500.American Investment Services Inc. holds 8.34% of its portfolio in Caterpillar Inc. for 215,735 shares.Granat increased its stake in Gentherm Inc (THRM) by 58.73% based on its latest 2016Q4 regulatory filing with the SEC.In case of Revenue Estimates, 13 analysts have provided their consensus Average Revenue Estimates for Caterpillar Inc.as 10.85 Billion. (CAT)'s stock rose 3.62%. The company reported the earnings of $1.28/Share in the last quarter where the estimated EPS by analysts was $0.62/share. The stock declined 0.43% or $0.19 reaching $44.14 on the news. Another trade for 22,451 shares valued at $1.47 million was sold by RICHMOND TIMOTHY J. Comparatively, CAT posted earnings of $0.83 per share in the same quarter, a year earlier. It has outperformed by 30.83% the S&P500.Since February 14, 2017, it had 1 buy, and 1 sale for $280,924 activity. On Tuesday, February 14 the insider DICKINSON DANIEL M sold $380,244. About 1 shares traded.Caterpillar Inc. (Caterpillar), launched on March 12, 1986, is a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives.

Missouri Jail Escapee With Ties To Tulsa Recaptured West Of Branson

Ratings analysis reveals 35% of Caterpillar Inc.'s analysts are positive.Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) will release second-quarter 2017 financial results at 6:30 a.m. CDT on Tuesday, July 25. Citigroup maintained Caterpillar Inc.Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) now has a Return on Assets (ROA) value of -0.2 Percent. The company was maintained on Monday, September 28 by Deutsche Bank. (NASDAQ:EA) rating on Monday, January 18. The firm earned "Buy" rating on Tuesday, October 11 by Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs maintained it with "Neutral" rating and $67 target in Monday, December 7 report. Cadence Capital Management increased its position in stocks of Caterpillar by 11.8% in the Q4. The company was initiated on Friday, September 25 by Barclays Capital. Jefferies reissued a hold recommendation and gave a $85.00 target price on stock of Caterpillar in a study report published on Fri, Mar 3rd. Deutsche Bank had a markedly different take on 23/06/2017, proposing that CAT is now considered Hold versus prior Buy rating.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.84 in 2016 Q4. Its up 0.04, from 0.81 in 2016Q3. 104 funds opened positions while 291 raised stakes. The investment managers in our partner's database reported: 410.43 million shares, up from 397.80 million shares in 2016Q3.Pennsylvania Trust Co bolstered its holdings by buying 48,816 shares an increase of 319.3% as of 06/30/2017. LINZNER JOEL sold 4,000 shares worth $357,221. Teachers Retirement Sys Of The State Of Kentucky stated it has 0.32% in Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT). Supplemental Annuity Collective Tru Of Nj has invested 0.44% in Caterpillar Inc. Tcw Gru Inc stated it has 50,515 shares or 0.03% of all its holdings. "(NYSE:CAT) Position Maintained by Bienville Capital Management LLC" was reported by Sports Perspectives and is the property of of Sports Perspectives. Electronic Arts Inc now has $33.49B valuation. Apriem invested 0.01% in Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT). Olstein Capital Management Lp holds 0.56% of its portfolio in Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT). Clinton Grp holds 10,663 shares. (NASDAQ:SFLY). California State Teachers Retirement accumulated 71,262 shares. (NYSE:CAT). Moreover, Alps Advisors has 0.27% invested in Caterpillar Inc. Counsel holds 0.67% or 14,773 shares in its portfolio. (NYSE:CAT) for 199 shares. It also upped Canadian National Railway Co. Pennsylvania Trust Co now owns 64,103 shares worth $6,889,000. The industrial products company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.66. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. increased its position in shares of Caterpillar by 0.5% in the first quarter.Glg Llc decreased Time Warner Inc (NYSE:TWX) stake by 40,368 shares to 43,711 valued at $4.22M in 2016Q4. It also reduced Morgan Stanley Em Mkts Dm De (EDD) stake by 751,592 shares and now owns 1.10 million shares. Celgene Corp (NASDAQ:CELG) was reduced too. Culbertson A N And Communications Inc has 1.83% invested in AbbVie Inc (NYSE:ABBV) for 85,988 shares. Its mean Altman Z-Score: 1.77 during the last 7 years, while average Beneish M-Score: -2.98 during the last 7 years. It also reduced Gilead Sciences Inc (NASDAQ:GILD) stake by 9,321 shares and now owns 25,653 shares. Franklin Resource reported 1.48M shares stake. Skba Management Limited Co invested in 0.9% or 82,200 shares. 27,320 are owned by Lpl Financial Ltd Liability Co. Stratos Wealth Ltd has 65,089 shares for 0.25% of their portfolio. Elk Creek Prtn holds 0.86% of its portfolio in Shutterfly, Inc. 543,473 are held by Wells Fargo Com Mn. Nomura Hldg Incorporated owns 0.02% invested in Caterpillar Inc. Div. & Inc. Fund (NYSE:DEX).








Other News

Lumentum Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:LITE) Shares Bought by Principal Financial Group Inc

Market Traders Recap -: Nokia Corporation (NOK)

Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Downgraded by Vetr Inc

Noble Energy Inc. (NYSE:NBL) Position Increased by Utah Retirement Systems

'Stranger Things' actress who played Barb gets unexpected Emmy nomination

Here is What Institutional Investors Think About Tractor Supply Co (NASDAQ:TSCO)

Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Shares Sold by Arrow Financial Corp

Starbucks is offering free tea on Friday, no strings attached

Procter & Gamble Company (The) (NYSE:PG) Reviewed By Analysts

'Justice League:' Batman Leads Wonder Woman and The Flash in New Pic

6 reported killed in crash on I-65 North in Kentucky

Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn to meet European Union  negotiator Michel Barnier

Samsung's 408-Inch 4K Movie Theater Display Looks Stunning

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Analysts Remain Upbeat Despite -0.29% Loss

CBL & Associates Properties (NYSE:CBL) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows












 

Trending Now




Former Cowboys QB Tony Romo finally says he is done with football

With Brady also planning to play deep into his fifth decade, Romo believes both star signal-callers are built for the task. I usually come here trying to find my game, but I feel like I at least have a chance to hit it somewhat solid this week.

Diehard Bargain Hunter: CSX Corporation (CSX), CA, Inc. (CA)

Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of CSX Corporation during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $306,397,000. On average, equities analysts anticipate that CSX Corporation will post $2.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.

Hearing in Charlie Gard case set to resume

Petitions have circulated to offer support and others have arrived at Charlie's bedside to pray. The hospital says Charlie should be allowed to die with dignity.

Man Suspected in Death of Dallas Woman Arrested in Mexico

Shortly after he was interviewed by investigators, Valdez, a United States citizen, fled the country to Mexico. Her remains were found in March 2016 in a wooded area of southeast Dallas County along Dowdy Ferry Road.

Amarnath terror attack 'most unfortunate': Shah Rukh Khan

Shah Rukh Khan received a traditional Jodhpuri welcome from the tourist guides with a Rajasthani pagdi as he landed in Jodhpur. Shah Rukh is busy promoting Jab Harry Met Sejal , and took a small detour to Rajasthan to accept the honorary membership.

Today's Top Companies to look at: Banco Bradesco SA (NYSE:BBD)

The bank reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS ) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.03. The ability for Banco Bradesco S.A., to deal with debt, means it current ratio is *TBA, and quick ratio is *TBA.

Pelosi suggests Trump surrogates violated law

It also targets properties owned by Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner. "I think the facts will be self-evident", she said.  She continued, "It's not just about what happened in the past, it's to prevent it from happening again".






Dont Miss





Trading Spotlight on Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PEI) Shares






Walker praises Guardiola after sealing £50m City move






Boulder weather: Highs in the 80s and showers over the weekend






Leaders gather for EU-Ukraine summit






United States  industrial production misses forecasts in June






United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:X), Tahoe Resources Inc (NYSE:TAHO)






Trump to rendezvous with French President Macron in Paris for Bastille Day






Zlatan Ibrahimovic in talks over Los Angeles Galaxy switch






Milan to face Romania's Craiova on European return






Valero Energy Partners (NYSE:VLP) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows






Narcos season 3 teaser






Alicia Vikander Talks Tomb Raider Reboot's Extensive Stunts






'Jersey Shore' Reunion Will Be Pilot for New E! Series






FMC Corporation (NYSE:FMC) Reviewed By Analysts






More solar powered coaches to be inducted in railway's fleet: Suresh Prabhu























 







Contact Us













© ibusinesslines.com | All Rights Reserved.



 
﻿






























Bienville Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) - Stock Observer













































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Mondelez International Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Mondelez International Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @StormInvestor







Recent Posts

Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Increases Stake in Kelly Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:KELYA)
BGC Partners, Inc. (BGCP) Shares Sold by SG Americas Securities LLC
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Shares Sold by Palladium Partners LLC
Caterpillar, Inc. (CAT) Shares Sold by Keybank National Association OH
Globus Medical, Inc. (NYSE:GMED) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC
Citigroup Inc. (C) Position Boosted by Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd
Bienville Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)
Benchmark Capital Advisors Continues to Hold Stake in FedEx Corporation (FDX)
ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:MYCC) Stake Lowered by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
People’s United Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBCT) Stake Lowered by Ameriprise Financial Inc.
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Stake in PAREXEL International Corporation (NASDAQ:PRXL)
Karp Capital Management Corp Acquires Shares of 4,356 Prothena Corporation PLC (NASDAQ:PRTA)
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Acquires 21,212 Shares of Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (NYSE:DO)
Anthony Ronald Gridley Sells 2,400 Shares of Evertz Technologies Limited (ET) Stock
Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC) Upgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub
BidaskClub Lowers bluebird bio, Inc. (BLUE) to Buy
bluebird bio, Inc. (BLUE) Insider Sells $739,511.52 in Stock
International Tower Hill Mines Ltd (THM) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine
United Microelectronics Corporation (UMC) Cut to “Sell” at Deutsche Bank AG
Thermon Group Holdings, Inc. (THR) Upgraded to “Hold” at ValuEngine



 


Bienville Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)

					Posted by Stanley Muller on Jul 26th, 2017 // No Comments 



Bienville Capital Management LLC raised its position in  Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) by 23.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 10,446 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the period. Bienville Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Mondelez International were worth $452,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Mondelez International during the fourth quarter worth about $306,000.  Diligent Investors LLC acquired a new position in shares of  Mondelez International during the fourth quarter worth about $1,740,000.  Pacad Investment Ltd. increased its position in shares of  Mondelez International by 271.4% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 35,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,591,000 after buying an additional 26,234 shares during the last quarter.  Cim Investment Mangement Inc. increased its position in shares of  Mondelez International by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Cim Investment Mangement Inc. now owns 17,264 shares of the company’s stock worth $765,000 after buying an additional 207 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, First Allied Advisory Services Inc. increased its position in shares of  Mondelez International by 26.8% in the fourth quarter. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. now owns 40,451 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,793,000 after buying an additional 8,545 shares during the last quarter. 76.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Mondelez International Inc. alerts:



Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) traded up 1.12% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $44.24. 7,325,838 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $67.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 39.96 and a beta of 1.20. Mondelez International, Inc. has a one year low of $40.50 and a one year high of $47.23. The company’s 50 day moving average is $44.48 and its 200-day moving average is $44.57. 




Mondelez International (NASDAQ:MDLZ) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.53 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.03. Mondelez International had a net margin of 6.70% and a return on equity of 11.58%. The company had revenue of $6.41 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.37 billion.  On average, equities research analysts forecast that  Mondelez International, Inc. will post $2.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, July 13th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 30th were paid a $0.19 dividend. The ex-dividend date  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.72%. Mondelez International’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 68.47%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Bienville Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ)” was  reported by Stock Observer and is the sole property of of Stock Observer. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.thestockobserver.com/2017/07/26/bienville-capital-management-llc-has-452000-stake-in-mondelez-international-inc-mdlz-updated-updated.html. 
A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on MDLZ shares. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  set a $53.00 price target on Mondelez International and gave the stock a “conviction-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG raised Mondelez International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $49.00 to $51.00 in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Mondelez International from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. TheStreet raised Mondelez International from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  reissued a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price objective on shares of Mondelez International in a report on Tuesday, June 13th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned  a hold rating, eight have issued  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Mondelez International currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $49.92.
In other Mondelez International news, EVP Robin S. Hargrove sold 6,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.87, for a total transaction of $269,220.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 14,663 shares in the company, valued at approximately $657,928.81. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Trian Fund Management, L.P. sold 1,731,410 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.71, for a total transaction of $77,411,341.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 3.60% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. 
Mondelez International Company Profile
Mondelez International, Inc is a snack company. The Company manufactures and markets snack food and beverage products for consumers. It operates through four segments: Latin America, Asia, Middle East, and Africa (AMEA), Europe and North America. As of December 31, 2016, its brands spanned five product categories: Biscuits (including cookies, crackers and salted snacks); Chocolate; Gum and candy; Beverages (including coffee and powdered beverages), and Cheese and grocery.







Receive News & Ratings for Mondelez International Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mondelez International Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Increases Stake in Kelly Services, Inc. 





BGC Partners, Inc.  Shares Sold by SG Americas Securities LLC





NextEra Energy, Inc.  Shares Sold by Palladium Partners LLC





Bienville Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in Mondelez International, Inc. 





Citigroup Inc.  Position Boosted by Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd





Globus Medical, Inc.  Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 














































 






Bienville Capital Management - Investment Advisor - New York, New York







 








 






  yeaaxubvavcvdccbyqaevuxyef






					Financial Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Investment Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Investment Advisors
OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








					Bienville Capital Management, LLC				


OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsMoreClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








Bienville Capital Management, LLC



Overview




Firm Registration




Assets and Accounts




Client Types




Activities and Fees




Employees




Disclosures




Contact




References










 See all Investment Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Bienville Capital Management New York, New York

 






total assets under management$947M United States dollarstotal number of employees16total number of accounts291average account balance$3,254,718 United States dollars 

 

Claim This Listing 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewBienville Capital Management, LLC is a registered investment advisory firm located in New York, New York. The firm manages 291 accounts totaling an estimated $947,122,910 USD in assets under management. Its operations include 16 employees and is categorized as providing investment advisory services to 100 clients. Many more details can be found below. You can also click here to see a list of all 2,942 investment advisors located in New York, New York.
Firm data current as of May 15, 2017

 





Advertisement


ShareFirm RegistrationRegistration Details

Firm CRD #:149320Primary Business Name:Bienville Capital Management, LLC


Organization Type:Limited Liability Company


Regulator:SEC
Looking for a specific type of Investment Advisor? Check out the Investment Advisors homepage where you can apply custom filters to search through our database of 38,476 Registered Investment Advisors. For example, click the button below to view all advisors in New York, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Investment Advisors  in New York  >>State Registrations MapDates and StatusMoreState Registrations Map



Dates and Status

State RegulatorRegistration DateStatusIDUnique IdAlabamaJanuary 26, 2009Notice FiledCaliforniaMarch 28, 2014Notice FiledConnecticutMarch 30, 2017Notice FiledFloridaMay 9, 2016Notice FiledNew YorkJanuary 26, 2009Notice Filed

 





Advertisement


ShareAssets and AccountsCurrent Assets & AccountsAssets under management (AUM) is the primary metric used to compare one investment advisory firm to another. With an impressive $947,122,910 USD in AUM, Bienville Capital Management is still considered a medium size firm, with assets below the esteemed one billion level. Click here to view a list of other similar-sized firms with AUM above $500 Million.discretionary assets under management$810,412,081 United States dollarsnon-discretionary assets under management$136,710,829 United States dollarstotal assets under management$947M United States dollarsdiscretionary accounts229non-discretionary accounts62total number of accounts291Visit the Investment Advisors homepage to sort and filter firms based on assets under management >>Historical Assets & Accounts

Historical data is made available by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and is posted monthly on the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) section of the SEC's website. The following graphs illustrate the 89 months of historical data available for this firm.

Total AUMBreakdownMoreTotal AUM

SEC Report DateTotal Assets Under Management (AUM)IDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$947M United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$947M United States dollarsJuly 1, 2016$797M United States dollarsApril 1, 2016$797M United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$797M United States dollarsJune 1, 2016$797M United States dollarsAugust 1, 2016$797M United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2016$797M United States dollarsOctober 3, 2016$797M United States dollarsNovember 1, 2016$797M United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$797M United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$797M United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$797M United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$797M United States dollarsJanuary 2, 2015$511M United States dollars

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AUMNon-discretionary AUMIDFirm CRD #May 1, 2017$810M United States dollars$137M United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$810M United States dollars$137M United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsApril 1, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsJune 1, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsJuly 1, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsAugust 1, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsNovember 1, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsOctober 3, 2016$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$619M United States dollars$178M United States dollarsMarch 1, 2016$307M United States dollars$121M United States dollars

AccountsBreakdownMoreAccounts

SEC Report DateTotal Number of AccountsIDFirm CRD #March 2, 2015398February 2, 2015398January 2, 2015398December 1, 2014398November 3, 2014398October 1, 2014398September 2, 2014398August 1, 2014398July 1, 2014398June 2, 2014398May 1, 2014398April 1, 2014398May 1, 2017291April 3, 2017291May 2, 2016286

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AccountsNon-discretionary AccountsIDFirm CRD #April 1, 201437622May 1, 201437622March 2, 201537622February 2, 201537622January 2, 201537622December 1, 201437622November 3, 201437622October 1, 201437622September 2, 201437622August 1, 201437622July 1, 201437622June 2, 201437622May 1, 201722962April 3, 201722962September 3, 20132270

 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareClient TypesTypes of Clients Served



IndividualsHigh Net Worth IndividualsPooled Investment VehiclesCharitiesFirm CRD #IDIA Firm Name5.5 percent87.5 percent5.5 percent5.5 percent149320







Assets Attributed to Each Client Type

IndividualsHigh Net Worth IndividualsPooled Investment VehiclesCharitiesCompany NameIDIA Firm Name13 percent38 percent38 percent13 percentBienville Capital Management


The SEC Form ADV organizes client types into 13 categories. Bienville Capital Management reports working with 4 of these 13 client types. The firm reports serving a total of 100 clients and does not have any financial planning clients.If you're looking for a particular type of Advisor, you can click the button below and use the filters to select a list a Investment Advisors based on types of clients served.Select Investment Advisors by  types of clients  >> 





Advertisement


ShareActivities and FeesAreas of BusinessAdvisory Activities and Services:Individuals or Small BusinessesPortfolio Management for Businesses or Institutional ClientsSecurity PortfoliosOtherOther Advisory Services: Yes(Consulting)CompensationAdvisory Fees:Percentage of assetsFixed feesPerformance-based feesOther Fee Types: NoClick here to select Investment Advisors based on types of fees charged >> 

 







ShareEmployeesBy Categorytotal number of employees16investment adviser representatives6licensed insurance agents0broker-dealer registered reps0Representatives at Bienville Capital Management

NameYears LicensedFinancial Exams PassedTotal DisclosuresIDJohn Meyercord22 yearsSeries 63 (NASAA), Series 65 - (NASAA)0William Stimpson17 yearsSeries 63 (NASAA), Series 65 - (NASAA)0Michael Thompson15 yearsSeries 63 (NASAA)0Justin Ryan1 yearSeries 65 - (NASAA)0Brandon Pilot1 yearSeries 65 - (NASAA)0Charles Grace1 yearSeries 65 - (NASAA)0


The largest firm in our database has 39,343 employees. Other firms report having no employees at all. On the Investment Advisors homepage you can sort and filter firms by number of employees, or select other advanced criteria.Select Investment Advisors by  number of employees  >> 





Advertisement


ShareDisclosuresPublic Disclosure Statements as Reported on Form ADVThe SEC keeps track of disclosures for the 24 categories listed below. With zero reported disclosures, Bienville Capital Management has a perfect record. On the research topic home page you can view a pre-sorted list of all investment advisory firms with zero disclosures.Regulatory Criminal False Statements or Omissions to SEC or CFTCNoneFelony ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC ViolationsNoneFelony ConvictionsNoneBusiness Suspensions, Restrictions, or RevocationsNoneMisdemeanor ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC Entered an Order Against AdvisorNoneMisdemeanor ConvictionsNoneCivil Money Penalty or Cease and Desist OrdersNone  False Statements or Omissions to Other RegulatorNoneCivil Violations of Regulations or StatutesNoneEnjoinments with Domestic or Foreign CourtsNoneRestrictions or Denials of BusinessNoneViolations of Investment-Related StatutesNoneRegulator Entered Orders Against AdvisorNoneCivil Action Dismissed by a Settlement AgreementNoneDenials or Suspensions of RegistrationNoneSubject to Any Civil ProceedingNoneFalse Statements or Omissions to Self-Reg. OrgNone  Violation of Regulatory RulesNoneOther Associated with Any Business SuspensionsNoneAny Professional Authorization RevokedNoneMembership Suspensions or ExpulsionsNoneSubject to Any Regulatory ProceedingNone


View a complete list of all Investment Advisory Firms in our database >>yeaaxubvavcvdccbyqaevuxyef ShareContact InfoPrincipal Office

Main Office Phone
(212) 226-7348


Main Office Fax
917-210-4299


Main Office Address
521 5th Avenue35th FloorNew York,  New York 10175United States


Location
Tribeca


Website
bienvillecapital.com 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Investment Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 40,118 Registered Investment Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all Advisors in New York, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Investment Advisors  in New York  >>  


×






References




Sources: SEC and FINRA. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 










Bienville Capital Management Company Profile | Matchdeck






























Products


Corporate Search


Company Monitor


Trade Connect




Solutions


Specialist Company Research


Data Enrichment & maintenance


Monitoring


Trade Matching


Identity and Trust


Relationship Mapping




Use Cases


Due Dilligence


Market Places


Recruitment


Information Services


Government Trade




Our Technology


Data Architecture


AI Web Extraction Engine


Technology Stack


Orchestrate


Knowledge Graph


Compute


Micro-services


Web Services


Engineering






Company


About Us


Key Assets


Why Linked Data


Leadership


Contact us


Give us feedback


Submit a website




Get API access




Directories


Sectors


Regions


Business Opportunities


Trending




Search / Browse



Corporate Search




Browse Companies




Browse Projects




All projects




Projects by Region




Projects by Sector











Sign up / Login








Menu


×
Close





Menu


×
Close








Link copied to clipboard!

×












Find another company:































Bienville Capital Management






Also known as:


Bienville Capital Management, LLC






Location


521 5TH AVENUE
35TH FLOOR
New York, NY 10175




Site checked


20 days ago




Last website update detected


2 months ago
























Description


Recent changes


Contact info


Additional info


Employees


Linked Domains









Short description




An investment management and advisory firm headquartered in New York focused on innovative opportunities.














Contact Info





Access Bienville Capital Management's contact information


Contact Information Summary



Website


www.bienvillecapital.com




Emails


1




Telephone numbers


1










LOCATIONS







Primary Contact





521 5TH AVENUE
35TH FLOOR
New York, NY 10175



info@bienvillecapital.com









Want access to Bienville Capital Management’s other addresses, including old address information?

Sign-up now, for free, and access the following information:




Additional addresses


1





Former addresses


1













EMPLOYEES AT Bienville Capital Management





Get instant access to Bienville Capital Management’s employee data with biographies and contact information

Employee Data Summary



Senior Employees


5




Other Employees


10




Employee Biographies


13




Former employees


7











Additional info







ID:


9804048/60




Matchdeck number:


6739645




Primary location:


521 5TH AVENUE
35TH FLOOR
New York, NY 10175 




Also known as:


Bienville Capital Management, LLC




Domain / Website Status


OK




Category


Company












Linked Domains





2
Linked domains










Changes to Bienville Capital Management





Show me changes in the last

1M | 3M | 6M | 9M | 12M
|
All



134 changes since 16 Apr, 2013





Changes



Get instant access to Bienville Capital Management change data, covering everything from employee changes to web page changes.








Integer


Pellentesque


Aenean


Lorem ipsum


Aenean


Lorem ipsum.





Integer posuere erat a ante venenatis dapibus posuere velit aliquet.


Pellentesque ornare sem lacinia quam venenatis vestibulum.


Aenean eu leo quam.


Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet.


Aenean eu.


Lorem ipsum.




Magna Sollicitudin


Consectetur Sit Magna


Aenean eu leo quam.


Adipiscing Porta


Condimentum Ullamcorper.


Nibh Ligula.




Magna Sollicitudin


Consectetur leo quam.


Aenean eu  Sit Magna


Adipiscing Porta


Condimentum


Nibh Ligula  Ullamcorper.




Magna Sollicitudin


Consectetur Sit Magna


Aenean eu leo quam.


Adipiscing Porta


Condimentum Ullamcorper.


Nibh Ligula.













Want us to email you when anything at Bienville Capital Management changes?
Get alerts when we detect key change events including changes to employees, contact information, partners and much more.
Get an alert when Bienville Capital Management changes

Want to find another company?
Search our database of 16M companies worldwide
Find another company













﻿
































Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Illinois Tool Works Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Illinois Tool Works Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

NCS Multistage Holdings’ (NCSM) Buy Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank Of Canada
Qualys, Inc. (NASDAQ:QLYS) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Morgan Stanley
Premier Foods Plc (LON:PFD) Upgraded by Shore Capital to Hold
Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets
Digital Turbine, Inc. (NASDAQ:APPS) Receives $1.54 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages
First Solar, Inc. (NASDAQ:FSLR) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts
Lipocine Inc (NASDAQ:LPCN) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.33 Per Share
Head-To-Head Analysis: Analogic Corporation (ALOG) & EndoChoice Holdings (GI)
National General Holdings Corp (NGHC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research
Q3 2017 Earnings Forecast for Comerica Incorporated Issued By SunTrust Banks (NYSE:CMA)
James J. Filler Acquires 226 Shares of Century Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:CNBKA) Stock
United Utilities Group PLC (UU) Insider Steven L. Mogford Acquires 20 Shares
Court Place Advisors LLC Has $343,000 Position in Crown Castle International Corporation (CCI)
Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Sells 4,897 Shares of HollyFrontier Corporation (HFC)
Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Has $133,000 Stake in VALE S.A. (VALE)
Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Purchases 1,561 Shares of Brunswick Corporation (BC)
Cornerstone Financial Partners LLC Purchases 888 Shares of Skechers U.S.A., Inc. (NYSE:SKX)
American International Group, Inc. (NYSE:AIG) Stake Lowered by Vicus Capital
Sabal Trust CO Takes Position in American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL)
Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) Shares Sold by Parthenon LLC




 


Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 23rd, 2017 // No Comments 




BMO Capital Markets reiterated their buy rating on shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (NYSE:ITW)  in a report published on Thursday. They currently have a $160.00 price objective on the industrial products company’s stock.
A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) upgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a sell rating to a buy rating and increased their price target for the company from $131.00 to $155.00 in a research report on Thursday, June 1st. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of Illinois Tool Works from a buy rating to a hold rating and increased their price target for the company from $135.00 to $140.00 in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Credit Suisse Group  set a $135.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Deutsche Bank AG  reiterated a buy rating and issued a $160.00 price target (up from $140.00) on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Saturday, April 29th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada  reiterated a hold rating and issued a $125.00 price target on shares of Illinois Tool Works in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. Illinois Tool Works currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $148.69.


 Get Illinois Tool Works Inc. alerts:



Illinois Tool Works (NYSE ITW) traded up 0.12% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $147.29. 1,642,737 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $50.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.74 and a beta of 1.12. Illinois Tool Works has a one year low of $111.50 and a one year high of $150.29. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $145.53 and a 200 day moving average price of $135.52. 




Illinois Tool Works (NYSE:ITW) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The industrial products company reported $1.54 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.45 by $0.09. The business had revenue of $3.47 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.40 billion. Illinois Tool Works had a net margin of 15.24% and a return on equity of 45.02%. Illinois Tool Works’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.29 EPS.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Illinois Tool Works will post $6.38 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally  reported by Markets Daily and is the sole property of of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/23/illinois-tool-works-inc-nyseitw-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-bmo-capital-markets.html. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, July 12th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 30th were issued a dividend of $0.65 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 28th. This represents a $2.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.77%. Illinois Tool Works’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 43.70%. 
In other news, CEO Ernest Scott Santi sold 101,297 shares of Illinois Tool Works stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $138.03, for a total value of $13,982,024.91. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 191,142 shares in the company, valued at $26,383,330.26. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Michael R. Zimmerman sold 5,000 shares of Illinois Tool Works stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $140.00, for a total transaction of $700,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 7,626 shares in the company, valued at $1,067,640. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 220,850 shares of company stock worth $30,945,971 over the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own  0.90% of the company’s stock. 
Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FCM Investments TX acquired a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter worth about $106,000.  MCF Advisors LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 32.0% in the first quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 825 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period.  TrimTabs Asset Management LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 88.3% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 887 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 416 shares during the period.  FNY Partners Fund LP acquired a new stake in  Illinois Tool Works during the first quarter worth about $132,000.  Finally, Hudock Capital Group LLC increased its stake in  Illinois Tool Works by 0.6% in the first quarter. Hudock Capital Group LLC now owns 1,054 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $139,000 after buying an additional 6 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  75.47% of the company’s stock. 
Illinois Tool Works Company Profile
Illinois Tool Works Inc is a manufacturer of industrial products and equipment. The Company operates through seven segments. The Automotive OEM segment produces components and fasteners for automotive-related applications. The Food Equipment segment offers commercial food equipment. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces test and measurement, and electronic manufacturing and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) solutions.







Receive News & Ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Illinois Tool Works Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website




























































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Information Management Software | Plytix


































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started































Your product content hub








Manage, optimize, and distribute your product content from one cloud platform to get to market faster
 


































X






















Features




Pricing




Testimonials
































Launch products faster
Eliminate the time consuming tasks that holds you back. Launch products 3x faster by enriching, optimizing, and distributing product content from one location.


















Cross-channel coherence
Over half of all shoppers research products on multiple channels before making a purchase. With consistent, quality product information potential customers will become loyal customers.


















Turn spreadsheets into workspace
The Plytix PIM takes all the data you have buried in spreadsheets with smart import mapping. Get a workspace that lets you add text, media, and define custom attributes error-free.






















Digital Asset Management
Make sure all your product and brand assets are organized and easily accessible by your whole team. Link images, videos, PDFs, and other files to products without needing duplicate content. 


















Digital product catalogs
Create interactive download centers for your catalogs. Share them via public link or embed them directly onto your website. Catalogs are enhanced with email notifications so that you know where all your content goes.


















Be the master of your content
Take control of your product content and see the difference in your bottom line. Rich, consistent content plus the efficiency provided by a PIM can boost sales by 35%. 


























Get the full feature & pricing list
































Experience the difference
Other PIM systems are complicated and expensive. Plytix offers affordable, ready-to-use product information management software that is simple enough for entire teams to use and powerful enough to support limitless growth.  
 




































I finally have ONE place for all of my data that's always updated and available to me no matter where I am.
Mai Johansson | Mai Copenhagen



































Growth



Estimate price per month


Number of products


No credit card required


Pay as you grow
All features included

Unlimited users
Unlimited variations
XML Template Builder
Digital asset management
Onboarding assistance available




Type number of products here!







Enterprise



CustomIdeal for +10,000 products

 


Need something different?
Let’s talk

All features included
Fixed price per month
Dedicated account manager
Integration support
Free onboarding






































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close


























































