





Sherri Billings – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending April 29, 2016
Posted on May 2, 2016 Written by Samuel Dergel Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Yum! Brands, Inc.
Hilton Worldwide
Anaplan


Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation
Groupon 
Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc.


Benefitfocus, Inc.
Grange Insurance 
Social Reality, Inc.


ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Penn Community Bank
Brixmor Property Group Inc.


Bear State Financial, Inc. 
Unum Group
Tangoe, Inc.


Cadence Design Systems, Inc.
Bask Technology Inc.
SUPERVALU INC.


Safeware
Icertis
Seychelle Water Filtration Products


Lee Industries, Inc.
DDR Corp.
Excel Trust 


AMREP Corporation
Brightcove Inc.
MSCI Inc.


Watt Companies
Vantiv, Inc.
Frequency Electronics, Inc.


First Midwest Bancorp, Inc.
ikeGPS
EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


MOD Pizza
Omnitracs, LLC
Wilhelmina International, Inc.


Manhattan Associates, Inc.

 



Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
NEW: CFO Search Report available monthly to CFOs only. Read more here.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search). Samuel can be reached by email at samuel@dergelcfo.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Yum! Brands, Inc. [LOUISVILLE, Ky] (NYSE: YUM) announced the promotion of David Gibbs to President and Chief Financial Officer. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer of the global Pizza Hut Division. He served as CFO of Pizza Hut U.S. from 2005 to 2010 before transitioning to a global role as President and CFO of Yum! Restaurants International. Gibbs also served as President of Pizza Hut U.S., prior to assuming the role of division CEO.
Hilton Worldwide [MCLEAN, Va.] (NYSE: HLT) announced the appointment of Sean M. Dell’Orto as chief financial officer of the planned real estate investment trust (REIT) that is expected to form following its separation from Hilton Worldwide later this year. Dell’Orto will continue to serve as senior vice president and treasurer for Hilton Worldwide. Previously, Dell’Orto was senior vice president and chief financial officer of Barceló Crestline Corporation, and was vice president and treasurer at Highland Hospitality Corporation.
Anaplan [SAN FRANCISCO] announced it has appointed David F. Conte to its board of directors. He is currently Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Senior Vice President at Splunk Inc. Previously, he served as CFO at IronKey, Inc. Prior to that, he served as CFO at software company Opsware.
Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation [CARNEGIE, Pa.] (NYSE: AP) announced the appointment of Michael G. McAuley as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and Treasurer. He most recently served as Senior Vice President and CFO at RTI International Metals (RTI). Before joining RTI, Mr. McAuley held positions of increasing responsibility at Goodrich Corporation, and Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.
Groupon [CHICAGO] (NASDAQ: GRPN) announced that it has named Mike Randolfi as its Chief Financial Officer. Randolfi most recently served as CFO of Orbitz Worldwide. Prior to Orbitz, Randolfi held a number of senior finance roles at Delta Air Lines, ultimately serving as Senior Vice President and Controller.
Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc. [NEW YORK] (NASDAQ: SGYP) announced that Gary L. Sender has resigned as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Bernard F. Denoyer, who has served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Secretary at Synergy since 2008, will assume responsibilities as Principal Financial Officer.
Benefitfocus, Inc. [CHARLESTON, S.C.] (NASDAQ: BNFT) announced that Dennis B. Story will join the company as chief financial officer. Story is currently executive vice president and chief financial officer of Manhattan Associates, Inc. and has been with Manhattan Associates since March of 2006. He was previously senior vice president of finance for Certegy until its merger with Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. Prior to Certegy, Story held the CFO role at NewRoads, Inc., and also previously served as a senior vice president with Equifax. Story began his career at Coopers & Lybrand.
Grange Insurance [COLUMBUS, Ohio] announced that Terri Dalenta has joined the company as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. She most recently served as SVP of Property Product Management for Allstate Insurance in Chicago. Prior to Allstate, Dalenta served as EVP and Chief Risk Officer for Aviva North America and then served in the company’s London headquarters as Risk Framework Director. She also previously served as Chief Risk Officer and Corporate Chief Actuary for Safeco Insurance. Terri started her career in the late 1980s with Aetna Life and Casualty. She’s also held senior positions with Deloitte Consulting, LLP and Travelers Insurance.
Social Reality, Inc. [LOS ANGELES] (OTCQB: SCRI) announced the appointment of Rahul Thumati as its Chief Financial Officer. He joins the company from Liberman Broadcasting. There he served as Corporate Controller and VP of Finance from August 2014 until joining Social Reality in March 2016. Prior to working at Liberman Broadcasting, Mr. Thumati held a variety of executive finance positions including his post as Corporate Controller of Evergreen Studios. Previous to that, he also served as Corporate Controller for Forward Industries. Mr. Thumati was employed by The Walt Disney Company, from November 2008 until September 2011, serving as Senior Manager- Corporate Accounting and Manager- Transaction Support from November 2008 until November 2009.  Prior to that he was employed by Deloitte & Touche, serving as Senior Consultant – Regulatory and Capital Markets Consulting.
ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. [BAUDETTE, Minn.] (NASDAQ: ANIP) announced the appointment of Stephen P. Carey to the position of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Steve has held various financial and accounting positions with Schering Plough Corporation and most recently, Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., where he was the Senior Vice President, Controller and Principal Accounting Officer. Steve began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Penn Community Bank [DOYLESTOWN, PA] announced that it has hired Stephanie A. Austin as its chief financial officer. Austin previously served as chief financial officer and treasurer for Continental Bank Holdings, Inc. for nine years. Prior to that, Austin served as the controller at Harleysville National Bank. She previously had served as the controller for Progress Financial Group.
Brixmor Property Group Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: BRX) announced that it named Angela Aman as Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Aman will succeed Barry Lefkowitz. Mr. Lefkowitz has held the position on an interim basis since February 2016. Ms. Aman currently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Starwood Retail Partners. Previously, she served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Retail Properties of America, Inc. She previously served as a Portfolio Manager with RREEF and started her career in the real estate practice in the investment banking group at Deutsche Bank.
Bear State Financial, Inc. [LITTLE ROCK, Ark.] (NASDAQ: BSF) announced that Chief Accounting Officer Sherri Billings was named Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. Mrs. Billings has been with the Bank since 1979. She has served as an Executive Vice President since 2002 and became Chief Accounting Officer in 2014. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and First Federal Bank from 2002 until 2014, as Senior Vice President for First Federal Bank from 1993 to 2002, and as Treasurer for First Federal Bank from 1986 to 1993.
Unum Group [CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.] (NYSE: UNM) announced that Josh Nelson will be joining the company as chief financial officer of its Colonial Life business. Nelson joins Unum Group from MetLife, where he most recently served as vice president and chief financial officer. He previously held leadership roles at The Hartford and AIG.
Tangoe, Inc. [ORANGE, Conn.] (NASDAQ: TNGO) announced that Jay Zager will assume responsibility as the company’s interim Chief Financial Officer, after former CFO Gary Martino resigned. Mr. Zager most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Axcelis Technologies (ACLS), from which he retired in 2013. Prior to this role, Mr. Zager served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at 3Com Corporation.
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. [SAN JOSE, Calif.] (NASDAQ: CDNS) announced that Geoff Ribar, senior vice president and chief financial officer, who joined the company in 2010, has decided to retire.
Bask Technology Inc. [LEHI, Utah] announced that Phil Fraher has been hired as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining Bask, he served as CEO, COO and CFO for Houston-based FuelQuest, President and CEO of Visual Numerics, Inc., COO and CFO of Brightmail, Inc. and held other financial management positions at Cahners Business Information Electronic Media Division, Pilot Software, and Dun & Bradstreet. In addition, Fraher has been a key advisor to several emerging startup organizations and previously served as an Executive in Residence at the Houston Technology Center.
SUPERVALU INC. [EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn.] (NYSE:SVU) announced that Mary Winston has been appointed to SUPERVALU’s Board of Directors. Ms. Winston joins the Board having most recently served from 2012 through August 2015 as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Family Dollar Stores, Inc. Before joining Family Dollar, from 2008 to 2012, Ms. Winston served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Giant Eagle, Inc. Ms. Winston currently serves on the boards of directors for Dover Corporation and Domtar Corporation, and from 2008 through February 2016 was a director for Plexus Corporation.
Safeware [DUBLIN, OHIO] welcomes Michael Newcomb as its new Chief Financial Officer. Newcomb joins Safeware companies like Cardinal Health, Express-Med and IGB.
Icertis [BELLEVUE, Wash.] announced the addition of Jeff Epstein, Operating Partner at Bessemer Venture Partners (BVP), to its Advisory Board. Epstein, the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Oracle.
Seychelle Water Filtration Products [SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO, Calif.] (OTCQB: SYEV) announced that James Place will become President and remains CFO.
Lee Industries, Inc. [PHILIPSBURG, Pa.] announced the appointment of Joshua T. Montler as president and chief financial officer and chief operating officer. Joshua Montler has served as vice president of finance and operations for the company since 2008 and will succeed his father,Robert W. Montler, as president. Robert Montler will remain chairman of the board and chief executive officer. Prior to joining Lee Industries, he was a senior cost accountant for First Quality corporation in Great Neck, N.Y. Previously, he was a cost accountant with Denver, Colo.-based Gates Corporation. He earlier served as an accountant for Young, Oaks, Brown & Company.
DDR Corp. [BEACHWOOD, Ohio] (NYSE: DDR) announced that Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Luke J. Petherbridge will step down from his role. David J. Oakes will also serve as chief financial officer and treasurer on an interim basis until a successor is appointed.
Excel Trust [SAN DIEGO & NEW YORK] announced its appointment of Luke J. Petherbridge as Chief Executive Officer and President. Mr. Petherbridge is an experienced retail real estate executive and currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of DDR Corp.
AMREP Corporation [PRINCETON, N.J.] (NYSE: AXR) announced that Pete Pizza will retire as Chief Financial Officer of AMREP. Clifford Martin, currently AMREP’s Treasurer and Director of Accounting, will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer.
Brightcove Inc. [BOSTON] (NASDAQ: BCOV) announced that Gary Haroian has been named Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Haroian’s has served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for several public software companies, including serving as the chief financial officer of Bowstreet and Concord Communications and as chief executive officer of Stratus Computer. In addition, he currently serves on the board of directors of Aspen Technologies and EnerNOC, and has previously served on the boards of directors of A123 Systems, Network Engines, Unica Corporation, Phase Forward, Authorize.Net Holdings and Embarcadero Technologies.
MSCI Inc. [NEW YORK] (NYSE: MSCI) announced that Kathleen Winters will join the firm as Chief Financial Officer. She will succeed Bob Qutub, who is retiring from the firm. Ms. Winters joins MSCI from Honeywell International, where she most recently served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Winters began her career at PricewaterhouseCoopers, where she held various positions from 1989 to 2001.
Watt Companies [LOS ANGELES] announced that Brian Burdzinski has been promoted from Vice President to Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Watt, Brian led finance operations at John Laing Homes and Western Pacific Housing.
Vantiv, Inc. [CINCINNATI] (NYSE: VNTV) announced that Stephanie Ferris has been promoted to chief financial officer. Ferris joined Vantiv in 2009 as senior vice president. In 2013 she was tapped to be general manager of the company’s merchant bank business. Before Vantiv’s spin-off from Fifth Third Bank in 2009, Ferris spent 8 years serving the bank in various leadership positions, including as chief financial officer of Fifth Third Processing Solutions. Prior to Fifth Third, Ferris worked in public accounting at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Frequency Electronics, Inc. [MITCHEL FIELD, N.Y.] (NASDAQ:FEIM) announced that Alan Miller will step down as Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer.
First Midwest Bancorp, Inc. [ITASCA, IL.] (NASDAQ: FMBI) announced that Paul F. Clemens, Chief Financial Officer of the Company and its subsidiary, First Midwest Bank has advised the Company that he will be retiring.
ikeGPS [BROOMFIELD, CO.] announced the appointment of Dennis Bencala as its chief financial officer. Bencala has served as CFO and vice president of finance at NASDAQ-listed Ikanos Communication Inc., CFO and corporate controller of NASDAQ-listed SiRF Technology Holdings Inc., CFO at venture capital-backed Renewable Energy Test Center Inc., and corporate controller of venture capital-backed and Hong Kong-listed ScanVision Inc.
EyeGate Pharmaceuticals, Inc. [WALTHAM, Mass.] (NASDAQ: EYEG) announced the appointment of Ryan R. Brenneman as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining EyeGate, Mr. Brenneman served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer at CYS Investments, Inc. Previously, he was Managing Director and Chief Accounting Officer at First Marblehead Corporation. He spent over four years at Freddie Mac, where he served as Controller – Multifamily Accounting and Controller – Investments and Capital Markets Accounting. He has also held senior-level finance positions at organizations including Booz Allen Hamilton, Protiviti, Inc., InterSystems Corporation and NerveWire, Inc. and has served as an Independent CFO Consultant to several companies in the Boston area.
MOD Pizza [SEATTLE, WA.] announced the appointment of Bob Barton to the role of Chief Financial Officer. Barton was CFO and VP of Operations for nine years at drugstore.com, and President, COO and CFO of OnlineShoes.com.
Omnitracs, LLC [DALLAS] announced the appointment of Sarah Hagan as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Omnitracs, Hagan spent 11 years at Sabre Corporation. She also served as vice president of finance for a $700M division that develops software solutions for the airline industry.  Earlier in her career, she was an auditor with public accounting firm RCO.
Wilhelmina International, Inc. [NEW YORK] announced that James McCarthy has been named the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, McCarthy has served as Controller of Orchard Media, Inc. (August 2009 to April 2016). Earlier in his career, he worked at Ernst & Young, LLP in New York.
Manhattan Associates, Inc. [ATLANTA] (NASDAQ: MANH) announced that the Company’s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer, Dennis B. Story, notified the Company he will be leaving to pursue personal and other business interests. the Company intends that Linda C. Pinne, Senior Vice President, Global Corporate Controller, and Chief Accounting Officer, will serve as Manhattan’s interim CFO until Mr. Story’s successor is in place.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending July 4, 2014
Posted on July 7, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Twitter, Inc.
Autodesk, Inc. 
Salesforce.com 


Cooper Tire & Rubber Company 
American Express Global Business Travel 
Bank of Bird-in-Hand 


Silicor Materials, Inc.
Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. 
j2 Global, Inc. 


Elkay Manufacturing 
Grandparents.com, Inc. 
Gilt


GlobalLogic 
Nanomix Inc.
The First Marblehead Corporation 


Signet Jewelers Limited 
Cellular Dynamics International, Inc.
Bear State Financial, Inc.


Foundation Healthcare, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Twitter, Inc. announced that Mike Gupta, Chief Financial Officer, will be assuming the role of Senior Vice President, Strategic Investments within the next 30 days. Twitter’s board of directors has appointed Anthony Noto as its Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) to replace Mr. Gupta effective as of a date within the next 30 days. Mr. Noto served as a Managing Director in the Technology, Media and Telecom Investment Banking Group at Goldman, Sachs & Co. from October 2010 to June 2014. Mr. Noto served as Co-Head of Goldman Sachs’ Technology, Media and Telecom Investment Banking group from September 2011 to May 2014. From February 2008 to September 2010, Mr. Noto served as the CFO of the National Football League. From May 1999 to January 2008, Mr. Noto served in various roles at Goldman Sachs, including as the Internet and Media Equity Research Analyst and the head of the Communication, Media and Entertainment Equity Research Team.
Autodesk, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADSK) announced the resignation of Mark Hawkins, the company’s executive vice president and chief financial officer. After more than five years at Autodesk, Hawkins is leaving the design and engineering software leader at the end of July to become chief financial officer at salesforce.com.
Salesforce.com (NYSE: CRM) announced that Mark Hawkins will join the company as Chief Financial Officer, effective August 1, 2014. Hawkins joins salesforce.com from Autodesk, Inc., where he served as CFO and executive vice president since 2009. He has more than 30 years of experience with leading companies including Autodesk, Logitech, Dell, and Hewlett-Packard. Current salesforce.com CFO Graham Smith, whose planned retirement was announced earlier this year, will remain employed full-time by the company as an advisor until March 31, 2015, to ensure a seamless transition. Smith has been salesforce.com’s CFO since 2008. Prior to joining Autodesk, Hawkins was CFO and senior vice president of finance & IT at Logitech International SA. From 2000 and 2006, Hawkins held various finance roles at Dell Inc., where he served as vice president of finance for the company’s multibillion-dollar Worldwide Procurement and Logistics organization, and vice president of finance for Dell’s U.S. Home Segment. Prior to Dell, Hawkins spent nearly 19 years at HP where he held a variety of finance and business management roles. Hawkins serves on the Board of Directors of Plex Systems. He was previously a member of the Board of Directors of BMC Software from 2010 until BMC was taken private in 2013. 
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE: CTB) announced that Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Brad Hughes has been appointed President—International Operations. In the near-term, Hughes will continue to serve as CFO in addition to his new position while Cooper conducts an executive search for his successor in the CFO role. Hughes joined Cooper in 2009 as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Formerly a 23-year employee of Ford Motor Company in Dearborn, Mich., Hughes previously worked as Global Product Development Controller for Ford in Dearborn; as Finance Director for Ford’s South America Operations in Sao Paulo, Brazil; as Director of European Business Strategy and Implementation in Cologne, Germany; as European Manufacturing Controller, also in Cologne; and in other corporate finance and treasury positions. Prior to joining Ford, Hughes worked for Fruehauf Finance Corp.
American Express Global Business Travel has named Norma Corio as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Ms. Corio served as Co-President and a Managing Director of Miller Buckfire. Prior to joining Miller Buckfire, Ms. Corio spent 30 years working at JPMorgan Chase & Co., most recently serving as Head of the Special Investments Group. In August 2008, Ms. Corio was appointed Treasurer of JPMorgan Chase. Previously, she was Head of Restructuring in the firm’s Investment Banking division. Ms. Corio also held positions in corporate finance and lending, investor relations, and credit and risk management.
Bank of Bird-in-Hand announced that Lori A. Maley was appointed Interim President and Chief Executive Officer. In addition, she will continue to serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Silicor Materials, Inc. has appointed Craig Wellen as its new Chief Financial Officer. Wellen previously served as CFO of smart grid solutions provider BPL Global, Ltd. Prior to BPL Global, Wellen served as an energy-focused investment banker including as one of the founding partners of Greentech Capital Advisors, as well as a senior investment banker at Citigroup and Societe Generale.
Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: TTS) announced the appointment of Kirk Geadelmann as its new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Geadelmann will transition into the role on August 12, 2014, succeeding CFO Timothy C. Clayton, who has resigned his position to accept an executive position with another company. Mr. Clayton will remain with the Company until mid-August to ensure a smooth transition of responsibilities. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Geadelmann worked for 14 years at Best Buy, Inc., most recently serving as the corporate and international controller. Prior to Best Buy, he held roles with BMC Manufacturing, Arthur Andersen, Allianz Insurance and Coopers & Lybrand, where he earned his CPA certification.
j2 Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: JCOM) announced that j2 Global’s current President and former CFO, R. Scott Turicchi, will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer effective with Kathleen Griggs’ departure from her position as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of j2 Global on August 8, 2014, for personal reasons. 
Elkay Manufacturing announced that John M. Pendergast will be joining the company as Chief Financial Officer, effective July 14, 2014. Prior to joining Elkay, John was with Broan-NuTone Group, where he has served as Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2001. Prior to Broan-NuTone Group, he served as Chief Financial Officer for eBizMix, a division of Hallmark Cards, eFunds /Deluxe Data, a division of Deluxe Checks and Amity Leather Products.
Grandparents.com, Inc. (OTC: GPCM) announced that Joseph Bernstein, Co-CEO, CFO, Treasurer and Director, has retired from the Company. The company has hired Riaz Latifullah as its new Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Latifullah joins Grandparents.com from AARP. He most recently served as Director of Brand Operations at AARP and previously served as Vice President, Financial Management & Operations for AARP Services (AARP’s for-profit subsidiary). Prior to joining AARP, Mr. Latifullah was General Manager of TV on the Web, an Internet video company; a government relations representative for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy Alumni Foundation; and an Investment Banking Associate at Ryan, Lee & Co.
Gilt announced the appointment of Adrianne Shapira to the company’s Board of Directors. Ms. Shapira has served as the Chief Financial Officer of David Yurman since 2012. Prior to joining David Yurman, Ms. Shapira had a 13-year tenure at Goldman Sachs, where she was Managing Director in Global Investment Research covering the Broadlines Retail sector.
GlobalLogic announced that Anna Brunelle has joined the company as CFO. Ms. Brunelle will be based at GlobalLogic headquarters in San Jose. Ms. Brunelle spent eight years at TiVo, the last five as CFO. Prior to that, Ms. Brunelle worked at BroadVision as VP of Finance and also completed two successful IPOs with Roxio and Sunrise Telecom.
Nanomix Inc. announced the appointment of Brian Jung as Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Jung’s 20 years of financial and healthcare experience includes roles as Chief Business Development Officer at Alameda Hospital and Chief Financial Officer at Cal eConnect as well as management level financial positions with Kaiser Permanente, Blue Shield of California, United Behavioral Health, and McKesson HBOC.
The First Marblehead Corporation (NYSE: FMD) announced that Alan Breitman will be joining the Company’s leadership team as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Managing Director, effective August 4, 2014. Mr. Breitman will be joining the Company from Corporate Fuel Advisors, LLC, where he has served as a Managing Director since 2006. Previously, he held various executive positions, including Chief Financial Officer at the privately held Metro Lights Advertising, LLC from 2001 to 2006 and Chief Financial Officer at the privately held TechSpace, Inc. from 2000 to 2001. Earlier, he served as Vice President Finance and Accounting and Treasurer at the publicly traded Registrer.com, Inc.
Signet Jewelers Limited (NYSE: SIG) announced that Ronald Ristau resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer, effective July 31, 2014, and Michele Santana, currently Signet’s Senior Vice President and Controller, has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer Designate. Ms. Santana will succeed Mr. Ristau as Chief Financial Officer of Signet following his departure. Ms. Santana joined Signet in 2010 and has served as Senior Vice President and Controller since that time. Prior to joining Signet, Ms. Santana held key leadership positions at KPMG LLP.
Cellular Dynamics International, Inc. announced that David S. Snyder gave notice of his resignation as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective July 10, 2014. The Company has accepted Mr. Snyder’s resignation and appointed Timothy D. Daley as Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company (“CFO”). Mr. Daley has been a consultant to the Company since 2009, providing assistance to the Company with its preparation for its initial public offering in July, 2013 and with its financial reporting as a public company. Since 2004, he has provided part-time and interim CFO/Controller and SEC reporting services to several organizations through his firm Timothy Daley CPA LLC of which he is the sole principal. From 1998 to 2004 he held various finance positions, including Treasurer and Controller, at Sonic Foundry, Inc.
Bear State Financial, Inc. appointed Sherri R. Billings, formerly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, to serve as Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company. Ms. Billings will continue to serve as the principal accounting officer of the Company. The Company appointed Matt Machen as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Machen will serve as the Company’s principal financial officer. Mr. Machen joined the Company’s banking subsidiary, First Federal Bank, in 2011 as a Senior Vice President and has served as a Regional President of First Federal Bank since 2012. Prior to joining First Federal Bank, Mr. Machen worked for First Security Bank from 2005 to 2011 primarily serving as a Vice President.
Foundation Healthcare, Inc. (OTC: FDNH) announced the appointment of Hubert King to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Mr. King, previously served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SoutheastHEALTH. Mr. King’s career includes other positions as Chief Financial Officer of hospitals and healthcare systems as well as public company experience as Vice President of a publically traded hospital services company with over $125 million in revenues.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,384 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:



Best Sherry in Billings, Montana with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeBillings, MTSherryBillings, MT SherryAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection1. City Vineyard1640 Grand AveBillings, MT 59102(406) 867-1491Beer & AleCheeseGourmet ShopsWineWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection2. Yellowstone Cellars & Winery1335 Holiday CirBillings, MT 59101(406) 281-8400WineriesLiquor StoresPlaces Of InterestWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your fun collection!Error when adding to fun collectionThis business was removed from the fun collection3. Bottles & Shots Liquor Store(1)247 Main StBillings, MT 59105(406) 272-5003BarsWineBar & GrillsWebsiteRacism is definitely felt here...I was the only person followed and watched for no reason then treated funny in the casino as well. Money wasn't gre…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection4. 24th St. State Liquor Store100 24th St W Ste 2Billings, MT 59102(406) 272-4970Liquor StoresBeveragesWineDirectionsFrom Business: 24th St. State Liquor Store is a full-service liquor store in Billings, MT. We are conveniently located on the west end of Billings at 24th Street West and Centra…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection5. Buffalo Jump Winery & Sip and Paint1911 King Ave W Ste 11Billings, MT 59102(406) 606-0245WineriesWineWebsiteFrom Business: Expect a great experience that gives you the opportunity to take part in an artist led paint session (complete with optional wines and wine cocktails)also a varie…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection6. Simply Wine1027 Shiloh Crossing Blvd Ste 8Billings, MT 59102(406) 651-5985WineKitchen AccessoriesWine BarsWebsiteFrom Business: Simply Wine is staffed with friendly, helpful people that are happy to assist you with picking out your very first bottle, a gift, or locating your favorite wine.…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection7. Lucky's Market1603 Grand AveBillings, MT 59102(406) 256-7311Grocery StoresFarmers MarketWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection8. Mt State Liquor Store 41019 1st Ave NBillings, MT 59101(406) 259-2265WineLiquor StoresBarsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection9. State Liquor Store1420 Grand AveBillings, MT 59102(406) 252-6489BeveragesWineLiquor StoresAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. Kanuit Sherry A2108 Broadwater Ave Ste 200Billings, MT 59102(406) 652-2161Accountants-Certified PublicBookkeepingAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collectionPREFERRED11. Sendliquor.comServing the Billings Area.Liquor StoresGift ShopsGift BasketsWineWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: We Welcome: Corporate Accounts, International Orders and Custom Needs. All gifts are delivered in a gift presentation with a personalized message card and can be …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collectionPREFERRED12. Texas Liquor ShopServing the Billings Area.(888) 625-5369Liquor StoresWineGift BasketsWineriesWebsiteMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection13. Sue Sherrie's TreasuresBBB Rating: A+105 W Main StLaurel, MT 59044(406) 633-4387AntiquesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your shopping collection!Error when adding to shopping collectionThis business was removed from the shopping collection14. Statewide Liquors215 E Main StLaurel, MT 59044(406) 628-6777Liquor StoresWineWebsiteSponsored LinksShowing1-14
of 14resultsMap ViewSponsoredSendliquor.comServing the Billings area.Save $15 on your next Bottle or Basket Delivery!  "The Right Gift, Nicely Delivered",WebsiteShop OnlineMore InfoTexas Liquor ShopServing the Billings area.(888) 625-5369Contact Us for InformationWebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


SHERRI BILLINGS - STONEWALL, LA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



LA



STONEWALL



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            SHERRI BILLINGS
                                    



 





















S 


SHERRI BILLINGS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



132 NEIL WAY STONEWALL, LA 71078
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts SHERRI BILLINGS






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




   Sheri Billings | Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Sherri L Billings - West Grove, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Sherri L Billings in West Grove, PA


Sherri L Billings

                                                                                       Intelius found that Sherri L Billings  is  a female between 40 and 50 years old from West Grove, PA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Sherri Lyn Bissonnette


Get Report Now

Age

Sherri L Billings is in her 40s

Sherri Has Lived In

West Grove, PA
Flagstaff, AZ
Phoenix, AZ

Sherri's Relatives

Steven Billings
Howard Billings
Patricia Billings
Madison Billings







Sherri L Billings



Zodiac SignAries



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Sherri? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Sherri, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Sherri L Billings
Get a Criminal Check on Sherri L Billings
Get a Public Record Report on Sherri L Billings
Get a People Search Report on Sherri L Billings


Sherri L Billings's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Sherri L Billings has lived as well as Sherri L Billings's phone numbers and email addresses.




Sherri L Billings Has Lived in 2 States
Pennsylvania Address for Sherri L Billings


426 D******** L* 

West Grove, PA


Has Lived In

West Grove, PA
Flagstaff, AZ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Sherri L Billings

() ***-**** - West Grove, PA 
(623) ***-**** - Glen Dale, AZ 
() ***-**** - West Grove, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Sherri L Billings



Get Email Report




Sherri L Billings's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Sherri L Billings


Sherri L Billings's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Sherri L Billings's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Sherri Billings
Username Matches

                  SherriBillings
                  BillingsSherri
                  Sherri.Billings
                  Billings.Sherri
                  Sherri_Billings
                  Billings_Sherri
                  Sherri-Billings
                  Billings-Sherri
                  SBillings
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Billings







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



Bear State Financial, Inc. Announces Promotions within its Executive Management Team | Business Wire


























































Bear State Financial, Inc. Announces Promotions within its Executive 
      Management Team












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Matt Machen has been promoted to President of Bear State Bank (Photo: Business Wire)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Matt Machen has been promoted to President of Bear State Bank (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail












Sherri Billings is being promoted to Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bear State Financial and Bear State Bank (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














April 26, 2016 04:30 PM Eastern Daylight Time



LITTLE ROCK, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bear State Financial, Inc. (the “Company”) (NASDAQ: BSF), the holding 
      company for Bear State Bank (the “Bank”), is proud to announce that on 
      April 20, 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved two 
      executive promotions. Current Senior Executive Vice President and Chief 
      Financial Officer James M. (Matt) Machen was named President of the Bank 
      and current Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Sherri 
      Billings was named Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial 
      Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company and the Bank. Mark 
      McFatridge remains President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
      and Chief Executive Officer of the Bank.
    


      Mr. Machen has been with the Company and the Bank since 2011 in a number 
      of leadership roles, including most recently serving as the Company’s 
      Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2014. 
      Before being named the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, he served as a 
      Regional President for First Federal Bank. Mr. Machen holds a Finance 
      degree from the University of Arkansas and is a board member of the 
      Dean’s Alumni Advisory Council at the University of Arkansas’s Walton 
      College of Business.
    

      “Matt combines a deep understanding of the banking industry’s financial, 
      lending and business environment with the rare ability to lead and 
      inspire those around him,” said Mr. McFatridge. “Matt’s leadership has 
      been vital to numerous strategic initiatives thus far in the Bear State 
      story and will play an increasingly important role in the Bank’s future.”
    

      Mrs. Billings has been with the Bank since 1979 and has held various 
      senior positions with the Company and the Bank. She has served as an 
      Executive Vice President since 2002 and became Chief Accounting Officer 
      in 2014. She previously served as Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
      and First Federal Bank from 2002 until 2014, as Senior Vice President 
      for First Federal Bank from 1993 to 2002, and as Treasurer for First 
      Federal Bank from 1986 to 1993. Mrs. Billings is a licensed Certified 
      Public Accountant, a member of the American Institute of Certified 
      Public Accountants and the Arkansas Society of Certified Public 
      Accountants, and has attained the designation of Chartered Global 
      Management Accountant.
    

      “Long term growth plans are only as good as the people behind the 
      numbers. Sherri has been an integral force as part of the Company’s 
      transformation and advancement over the past 30 years,” stated 
      McFatridge. “Sherri has demonstrated a high level of competency and 
      passion for the Bank. She has consistently delivered in each of the 
      roles she has held and has done so in a way that has balanced concern 
      for our customers, team members, shareholders and the communities in 
      which we serve.”
    

      “This announcement highlights one of Bear State’s strongest attributes – 
      the depth of our leadership team – which allows us to promote from 
      within,” summarized McFatridge. “Both Matt and Sherri have played 
      pivotal roles in the successful transformation of the legacy First 
      Federal Bank into Bear State Bank as we know it today. Since May 2011, 
      the Company has seen a return to profitability and completed two 
      acquisitions with Matt and Sherri overseeing crucial projects every step 
      of the way. These promotions are a direct reflection of the expertise 
      and leadership shaping the future for Bear State.”
    

About Bear State Financial, Inc.


      Bear State Financial, Inc. is the parent company for Bear State Bank. 
      Bear State Financial, Inc. common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global 
      Market under the symbol BSF. For more information on Bear State 
      Financial, Inc. please visit www.bearstatefinancial.com. 
      Its principal subsidiary, Bear State Bank, is a community oriented 
      financial institution providing a broad line of financial products to 
      individuals and business customers. Bear State Bank operates 55 branches 
      and three loan production offices throughout Arkansas, Southwest 
      Missouri and Southeast Oklahoma.
    


Contacts

      Bear State Financial, Inc.Shelly Loftin, 501-975-6033Chief 
      Marketing Officer
    



















#Hashtags

#bearstateofmind
#bearstate
#gobears



$Cashtags

$BSF



Social Media Profiles

https://www.facebook.com/bearstatebank





Contacts

      Bear State Financial, Inc.Shelly Loftin, 501-975-6033Chief 
      Marketing Officer
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Sherri Kay Billings - Kailua, HI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Sherri Kay Billings in Kailua, HI


Sherri Kay Billings

                                                                                       Intelius found that Sherri Kay Billings  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Kailua, HI.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Sherri K Timmons


Get Report Now

Age

Sherri Kay Billings is in her 50s

Sherri Has Lived In

Kailua, HI
Chandler, AZ
Mesa, AZ

Sherri's Relatives

David Billings
Nicole Billings
Kori Billings







Sherri Kay Billings



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Sherri? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Sherri, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Sherri Kay Billings
Get a Criminal Check on Sherri Kay Billings
Get a Public Record Report on Sherri Kay Billings
Get a People Search Report on Sherri Kay Billings


Sherri Kay Billings's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Sherri Kay Billings has lived as well as Sherri Kay Billings's phone numbers and email addresses.




Sherri Kay Billings Has Lived in 2 States
Hawaii Address for Sherri Kay Billings


440 I****** S* 

Kailua, HI


Has Lived In

Kailua, HI
Chandler, AZ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Sherri Kay Billings

(480) ***-**** - Queen Creek, AZ 
(602) ***-**** - Queen Creek, AZ 
(602) ***-**** - Gilbert, AZ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Sherri Kay Billings

s*************s@***.net
s*************s@***.net


Get Email Report




Sherri Kay Billings's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Sherri Kay Billings


Sherri Kay Billings's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Sherri Kay Billings's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Sherri Billings
Username Matches

                  SherriBillings
                  BillingsSherri
                  Sherri.Billings
                  Billings.Sherri
                  Sherri_Billings
                  Billings_Sherri
                  Sherri-Billings
                  Billings-Sherri
                  SBillings
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Billings







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.







































































 
















HomeWorking with us


                        Working with us
                    



It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work















Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®





Your life priorities

 Your life priorities
                    



What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how














Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work





Research & insights


                        Our insights
                    



A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights

















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth





Find an advisor




Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor

















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search by LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor











Visit our page


















Find an advisor 

                                Contact Us 

Client login 












Merrill Lynch Financial Advisory Team
The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group 
            










Global Wealth Management
BEACON POINTE AT WESTON2400 NORTH COMMERCE PARKWAY
                    Suite 100WESTON, 

                  FL 

                  33326Get directions

Phone:
							(954) 349-9370
Email: 
                Learn more about an advisor’s  background on FINRA’s  BrokerCheck









Professional Staff

Wealth Management Advisor

Senior Vice President-Wealth Management


Senior Vice President


						(954) 349-9370

Wealth Management Advisor

First Vice President-Wealth Management


First Vice President


						(954) 349-9383

Financial Advisor

						(954) 349-6213

Financial Advisor

						(954) 349-9386

Reg Senior Client Associate

						(954) 688-4132







                  Professional Profile
                
The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group     The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group focuses on serving the unique wealth management needs of business owners, entrepreneurs, and high net worth individuals and their families – a dynamic group that often faces complex financial demands as they balance professional and personal commitments and goals. The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group draws on the resources of Bank of America and Merrill Lynch combined with their team’s 90 years of combined experience in the financial services industry to serve the needs of clients.The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group is composed of two Wealth Management Advisors, two Financial Advisors, and their supporting staff, combining their experience and knowledge as a team to provide an in depth and individualized strategy for each client and their financial goals. The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group delivers this disciplined and personal approach to wealth management to assist clients looking to achieve financial stability, independence, and guidance. Taking this intimate knowledge of what clients value most, The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group is able to establish objectives, develop an appropriate strategy, and recommend strategies that draw upon the depth and breadth of their team, Merrill Lynch, and Bank of America. The Billings Licari Wealth Management Group offers clients access to the experience of their Wealth Management team and a Wealth Management Lending Officer from Bank of America, N.A. who can provide strategic and personalized banking guidance focused on your needs.
Sheri BillingsSenior Vice President-Wealth ManagementWealth Management AdvisorPortfolio ManagerSheri has been with Merrill Lynch, in South Florida since 1993. Sheri adheres to a disciplined process developed over 27 years of experience in the financial services industry to thoroughly understand the priorities of high-net-worth individuals and their families, providing them with personalized attention, and consistent, yet customized investment strategies. Before making any financial recommendations, Sheri and her team takes the time to fully understand a client’s entire life to ensure they know what matters most to you.Sheri began working in the financial services industry in 1988, and combines her own personal experience and knowledge with her team, access to the investment resources of Merrill Lynch, and banking convenience from Bank of America to help address the various aspects of clients’ financial lives. Sheri attended Nova Southeastern University School of Business and earned a certificate in financial planning.Sheri is an involved member within her community. She is active with many charities with a personal commitment to support special needs populations. Currently she is involved with the Special Olympics, the Miami Children’s Hospital, Joe DiMaggio Children’s Hospital, and the Cooper City Challengers. Jerry J. Licari, CFP®First Vice President-Wealth ManagementWealth Management AdvisorPortfolio ManagerJerry has been a part of the financial industry for over 29 years and has been with Merrill Lynch since 1991. He uses this experience in the financial services industry to deliver an in depth and personalized investment strategy for each client. Gerald adheres to a holistic approach, combining access to the investment resources of Merrill Lynch and his background working with high-net-worth individuals and families. He focuses on personalized attention to develop short and long-term financial strategies, provide individualized investment guidance, while building, managing, and preserving wealth for current and future generations.Jerry is a Wealth Management Advisor who holds the CFP® certification awarded by the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc. He holds a B.A. in Finance from Florida Atlantic University. Jerry also is a member of the Ambassador Board of Nova Southeastern University.  Michael CavallaroFinancial AdvisorMichael has been with Merrill Lynch in Weston, FL since 2015. He has dedicated himself to thoroughly understanding the priorities of high-net-worth individuals and families, providing them with personalized attention and disciplined, customized investment strategiesHe works with clients to help identify their primary goals —including education funding, tax minimization strategies, retirement assets and services—and then commits himself to crafting strategies designed to help clients pursue desired outcomes, while building, managing and preserving their wealth for current and future generations.  In addition to attention to investing, Michael can offer clients access to the experience of a Wealth Management Lending Officer from Bank of America, N.A., who can provide strategic and personalized banking guidance focused on your needs. He is a graduate of Florida State University and has a B.S. degree in Finance.  Cameron ViscovichFinancial AdvisorCameron joined Merrill Lynch in 2015 and seeks to provide clients and their families, wealth management strategies for their short and long term financial goals. Cameron works primarily with wealthy individuals and families, and understands the unique and specific needs that they may have.Cameron graduated from FIU with a B.A. degree in Asian Studies, with certificates in Latin American and Asian Global Studies, and Chinese Studies. He also received a certificate from Zhejiang University for their Chinese Language Immersion and Culture Program.Carla BashanRegistered Senior Client AssociateCarla has over 30 years of industry experience, all with Merrill Lynch.  Carla focuses on serving the administrative needs and service requests of clients.  Carla’s extensive experience at the Firm allows her to provide world-class service to clients.  She joined Merrill Lynch in 1985 and has been recognized for outstanding service on several occasions.  Carla is a fully Registered Senior Client Associate.  Carla is conversational in three languages. CFP® and CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNERTM Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards, Inc. owns the certification marks CFP® and CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER™ in the U.S.Wealth Management Lending Officers do not offer investment advice, nor make recommendations on investment products. 




Client Commitment
 












Sherryl Billings is registered to do business in : AK, AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, LA, MA, MD, MI, MN, MS, NC, NJ, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VI, WA
Gerald J. Licari , CFP® is registered to do business in : AK, AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, LA, MA, MD, MI, MN, MS, NC, NJ, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VI, WA
Michael Cavallaro is registered to do business in : AK, AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, HI, LA, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OH, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VI
Cameron Viscovich is registered to do business in : AK, AL, AZ, CA, CO, CT, DC, FL, GA, LA, MA, MD, MI, MN, MS, NC, NJ, NY, OH, OR, PA, SC, TN, TX, VA, VI, WA

For questions regarding registration information please contact your Financial Advisor.






















Top







Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders










Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media










GET IN TOUCH:
Contact Us1.866.706.8321 9a.m. - 9p.m. EST (Mon-Fri)
CONNECT WITH US:


Flipboard


LinkedIn


Twitter


Youtube


















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck














Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.











Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.








            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            











EDE8286A (SCB*******802)









   
















