


 BioPower Operation Corporation






BioPower Operation Corporation
















































 

















 























 





























NEXT GENERATIONZERO* EMISSION
WASTE TO GREEN ENERGY
THROUGH GASIFICATION

Gasification vs. Incineration

 Play Video
*Undetectable






BioPower Operations Corporation (Symbol: BOPO)BioPower Operations Corporation (Symbol: BOPO) is a public company focused on utilizing waste conversion technologies to convert wastes into electricity and premium renewable synthetic fuel. All WtE projects are developed through Green3Power (G3P), a 100% owned subsidiary of BioPower.ABOUT USABOUT US
G3P management team has:G3P management team has:Designed 250+ and managed the construction of 100+ 
Designed 250+ and managed the construction of 100+ solid waste management facilities including landfills, leachate and gas treatment systems, compost plants, transfer stations, sorting facilities, incinerators, waste gasification facilities, medical waste treatment facilities, and hazardous waste facilities in the USA, UAE, Kenya, Indonesia, Pakistan, Kosovo, Lebanon, and Turkey.Developed the geosynthetic lining system technology used in landfills worldwide.Developed US and GCC solid and hazardous waste regulations.Published more than 100 research papers on Solid & Hazardous Waste Management.G3P has aligned with Vanderweil Engineers, in business since 1950, to develop its Waste-to-Energy facilities worldwide.Vanderweil’s Power Group are experts at permitting, developing, designing, engineering, and commissioning power generation facilities, with thermal plants up to 540 MW and cogeneration plants to 100 MW.Learn MoreLearn MoreTECHNOLOGYTECHNOLOGY
Green3Power offers thermally efficient,Green3Power offers thermally efficient, and scalable Waste-to-Energy designs 
that convert solid waste into sustainability generated Electricity or Premium 
Liquid Renewable Synthetic Diesel Fuel by using.Gasifiers, Fischer Tropsch Process
Gasifiers, Fischer Tropsch Process and other industry standard processesStandard components used in other industries, not typically used in WtE installations, substantially improve the thermal 
efficiency and economics of the project.Proprietary process flow software optimizes thermal efficiency, minimizes ash, and improves yield of Diesel Fuel 
and/or Electricity.+Municipal Solid Wastes+Used Tires=GasificationClean EnergyLearn MoreLearn MoreCommitted to SustainabilityCommitted to Sustainability
Green3Power’s complete Air Fed Gasification SystemGreen3Power's complete Air Fed Gasification System provides clean, reliable power, and utilizes renewable resources as fuel. It consists of FIVE stages of treatment. These treatment stages are essential to the efficient and clean operation of any gasification system, and are designed to minimize the quantity of ash generated by the system, minimize the quantity of heavy metals and hazardous constituents in the flue gas, improve the energy efficiency, and provide the highest level of performance and protection for human health and the environment available in the market place. 
Learn MoreLearn More



PROJECTSPROJECTS
Project Slider  St. Lucie Countya Fischer Tropsch Reactor and Fuel Production System, and highly effective flue gas treatment system. When in full operation, the projected $228 million budget for the St. Lucie plant including insurance costs will produce approximately 64,000 gal/day of ultra-low sulfur renewable synthetic fuel and 16,000 gal/day of Naptha with projected revenues of more than $83 million annually, varying with the price of fuel. The anticipated internal rate of return on the project investment is approximately twenty percent 20% with an EBIDTA of approximately $56.0 million in Year 1. The plant will create approximately 221 direct new jobs in the St. Lucie area at the facility. Hundreds of jobs will be created during the construction of the facility and hundreds of indirect jobs will be created once the facility is in operation. The power plant will feature an effective flue gas clean up train to ensure that regulated emissions are far below the concentrations allowed under Federal air quality standards. The up-flow fluidized bed gasifiers to be used at the new facility have been in waste to energy service for more than 33 years. The project management team consists of the following team members:Learn MoreMitrovicaWhen in full operation, the new $61.55 million power plant will generate a minimum average of 9.0 MW/day of electrical power to the Grid, while earning revenues of more than $25.1 million annually. The plant will create approximately 366 new jobs in the Mitrovica area. The power plant will feature an effective flue gas clean up train to ensure that regulated emissions are far below the concentrations allowed under Kosovo, EU, and USEPA air quality standards. The rotary kiln fluidized bed gasifiers to be used at the new facility are of the type shown above and have been in waste to energy service for more than 30 years. The project management team consists of the following team members:Learn MoreKenyaGreen3Power International and Togo Technologies are well into process of developing a 144 MW, 4,800 tonnes/day (Tpd) Gasification Facility in Kakamega, Kenya. The Gasification Facility will receive approximately 4,800 Tpd of municipal solid waste, hazardous medical waste, industrial waste as well as approximately 10 tonnes/day of used tires, and generate a nameplate capacity of more than 144 MW, with available power of 120 MW, and a minimum average of 108 MW to the Grid 24 hrs/day, 365 days/yr. The Gasification Facility includes a Sorting Facility to remove recyclables and heavy metals, an in-line jacketed Waste Dryer, a Gasifier, a Cyclone to remove particulate matter from the synthesis gas, a Slagging Unit, a high efficiency, a high temperature and high pressure HRSG Boiler, a four-stage Steam Turbine/Generator, and a highly effective flue gas treatment system.Learn More
ProcessProcess
Waste-to-energyWaste-to-energy (WtE) or energy-from-waste (EfW) is the process of generating energy in the form of electricity and/or heat from the primary treatment of waste.Process Section – left list
WASTE TIPPINGSORTINGRENEWABLE FUELGASIFICATIONSYN GASELECTRICITYRENEWABLE FUELLearn MoreLearn MoreMargin:100pxPHOTOSPHOTOS
Picture Slider 
Margin:50pxVIDEOSVIDEOS
Video Slider 
Margin:30px 



















 














   Process : BioPower Operation Corporation






Process – BioPower Operation Corporation















































 

















 























 





























KEY TO OUR PROCESS IS 
HOW WE HANDLE WASTE &  OUR KNOW HOW   
RE: EACH STEP OF PROCESS








Margin topMini Menu Click to Move To Process Steps










Margin topWASTE TIPPINGWASTE TIPPING
Trucks drive into Green3Power’sTrucks drive into Green3Power's state-of-the-art Sorting Building where the trucks tip the waste onto the floor. Waste is spread on the floor by a front-end loader. Large appliances and propane tanks are removed and properly disposed of.  The waste is then loaded into the sorting line by an overhead crane.
Waste which is accepted includes:Waste which is accepted includes:Accepted waste list
Municipal Solid Waste (MSW)Agricultural WasteConstruction and Demolition Waste (C&D)Food WasteSewage SludgeNon Hazardous Industrial WasteUsed OilPit GreaseCarpetUsed TiresAll waste is tipped and stored in the Sorting/Gasification BuildingsAll waste is tipped and stored in the Sorting/Gasification Buildings, which are maintained at negative pressure.  When doors in the buildings are opened, air moves into the buildings, not out.  Since all waste is tipped and stored in the Sorting and Gasification Buildings, and since no tipping is allowed outside the buildings, all odor causing chemicals are collected and treated, and it is not possible for odor to escape from the buildings.

As a backup measure, Aerosol Curtains are installed around every door in the buildings, and aerosol of odor treating chemicals are sprayed continuously around the doors whenever they are opened.Separator


Mini Menu Click to Move To Process Steps









Margin topSORTINGSORTING
Waste is moved from the tipping floor by front-end loaderWaste is moved from the tipping floor by front-end loader and grapple crane, and placed into a bag opener.  The waste then goes on an inclined conveyor to the picking line.  Personnel are located on both sides of the picking line and remove potentially recyclable materials and unacceptable waste.  The treated waste, from which the inertsThe treated waste, from which the inerts have been removed is called Refuse Derived Fuel (RDF), and then goes through a shredder to decrease particle size and moisture content.

Shredded waste is stored in bins on the floor of the Sorting Building.  A leachate collection system is installed in the floor to collect leachate that drains from the waste.

The floor and walls of the Sorting Building are cleaned on a daily basis to minimize odor generation.  The leachate and cleaning water are collected and treated to boiler feedwater standards in an onsite water treatment system.

The removal of recyclables, inerts, e-waste, and unacceptable waste on the sorting line has several benefits to the facility:List
    1.     The recyclables can be sold in the recycling markets creating a separate revenue stream;    2.     The removal of the inert materials decreases ash generation from approximately 20 percent of the total waste by weight, to less than 5 percent by weight; and    3.    The removal of inert materials from the waste increases the Heating Value of the waste, increasing the thermal efficiency of the system by approximately 35 percent.Elevated Sorting Line with Separated Recyclables and Unacceptable MaterialsThe Sorting Facility technology has been in place since the 1970s, and hundreds of Sorting Facilities, including RDF Facilities have been constructed all over the world.Sorting Line with Reception Bins for Mixed WasteSeparator


Mini Menu Click to Move To Process Steps









DRYINGDRYING
Auger driven jacketed, in-line waste dryers are used to reduce the moisture content of the waste to between 10 and 15 percent by weight. Auger driven jacketed, in-line waste dryers are used to reduce the moisture content of the waste to between 10 and 15 percent by weight. 

This reduction in moisture content increases the heading value of the waste, thus increasing the thermal efficiency of the plant by up to 65 percent.

The water extracted from the waste is piped to the onsite water treatment facility where it is treated to boiler feedwater standards, and used as process and cooling water.  The in-line waste dryer reduces the moister content in 15 to 30 minutes using waste heat from the slagging kiln, so there is no cost for the energy required for drying, no odor, and no additional handling.

Auger driven, jacketed Waste Dryers have been used in industrial applications for more than 100 years.  The inline, auger driven, jacketed Waste Dryers are designed to replace conventional Compost Systems, which require significantly more time and space, and have the potential to generate malodors.  The auger driven, jacketed Waste Dryers dry the waste in approximately 15 to 30 minutes using waste heat from the slagging kiln, and are totally contained, so they generate no mal-odors.Image margin topAuger Fed Jacketed Waste DryersSeparator


Mini Menu Click to Move To Process Steps









GASIFICATIONGASIFICATION
Waste is moved from the tipping floor by front-end loaderGasification technology was originally developed in the early 1800s to produce coal gas, which was originally used for lighting.  The coal gas was later used for industrial energy applications and later for the production of electricity.Waste gasification was developed more than 40 years agoWaste gasification was developed more than 40 years ago, and can be divided into 3 primary categories: (i) pyrolysis, which is a low oxygen system operating at temperatures between approximately 600 and 800 °C; (ii) Conventional Gasification (Air Fed or Oxygen Fed) Systems, which typically operate at temperatures ranging between 800 and 1,400 °C; and (iii) Plasma or Plasma Arc Systems, which operate at 2,000 to 2,800 °C.  

Studies by the US Department of Energy [2002], US Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) [1996], and Alameda Power & Telecom [2004] concluded that conventional (Air Fed or Oxygen Fed) Gasification Systems provided the most cost-effective and clean form of waste to energy systems.  The studies further concluded that pyrolysis systems did not provide high enough temperatures to prevent the formation of VOCs (including Dioxins and Furans), tars, and PAHs, and that Plasma and Plasma Arc systems were not cost effective for MSW.

The Alameda Power & Telecom Study determined that conventional, Air Fed and Oxygen Fed Gasification Systems met the following criteria:Accepted waste list
Provide Local Reliability;Maintain Economic Resource Portfolio;Ensure Stable Electric Cost and Power Supply or Supply of High Quality Synthetic Fuel;Facilitate Economic Development in the Municipality;Maintain Power or Synthetic Fuel Content;Meet Future Supply Needs in a Timely Fashion.The G3P JV provides a complete Air Fed or Oxygen Fed Gasification SystemThe G3P JV provides a complete Air Fed or Oxygen Fed Gasification System that provides clean, reliable renewable electricity or synthetic fuel production, meets the requirements to qualify as green energy, and utilizes renewable resources as fuel.  Waste is transported by auger from the waste drying system to the gasifier.  The gasifier operates at 900 to 1,000°C, which converts approximately 95% of the waste by weight to synthesis gas.  The synthesis gas is composed primarily of CO, H2, N2, H2O, CO2, and traces of other gases.  Due to the high operating temperature of the gasifiers, complex hydrocarbons, including VOCs, Dioxins, and Furans are destroyed.Rotary Kiln Gasifier with Metering Bin and Feed AugerThe gasifier is initially brought to temperature using fuel.The gasifier is initially brought to temperature using fuel.  Once at temperature RDF is injected into the gasifier, the RDF is converted either to synthesis gas or ash.  These reactions are predominantly exothermic, which means that fuel does not need to be added once the gasifiers are at temperature and the RDF is injected.Separator


Mini Menu Click to Move To Process Steps









SYN GASSYN GAS
The SYN-GAS and Flue Gas goes through a very sophisticated cleaning system to remove contaminants.The SYN-GAS and Flue Gas goes through a very sophisticated cleaning system to remove contaminants.  The SYN-GAS treatment system consists of Cyclones, Acid Gas Removal Units, Ammonia Scrubbers, Carbon Absorption Units (fuel production systems only), and Electrostatic Precipitators.Fuel Gas Treatment SystemThe removal efficiencies of the various pieces of synthesis gas and flue gas treatment are as summarized below:The removal efficiencies of the various pieces of synthesis gas and flue gas treatment are as summarized below:Separator


Mini Menu Click to Move To Process Steps









POWER GENERATORPOWER GENERATOR
The purpose of the GasifierThe purpose of the Gasifier is to convert the solids and liquids in the waste into synthesis gas, which can be processed into Diesel Fuel, and which can be used to heat the Heat Recovery Steam Generator (HRSG) Boiler, produce steam, and power a steam generator to produce electricity for the parasitic loads of the system. Hot Syngas (1,000 to 1,400 ºC) produced by the gasifier Hot Syngas (1,000 to 1,400 ºC) produced by the gasifier is directed to a water tube type HRSG Boiler, which is equipped with both economizer and superheater sections. Water in the tubes is converted to steam at a pressure of approximately 6.4 MPa and a temperature of approximately 482 °C. This high-pressure steam is then directed to a steam turbine.

HRSG Steam TurbineThe HRSG Boiler produces approximately 55 tons/hrThe HRSG Boiler produces approximately 55 tons/hr of steam for each 12 MW line.  This steam is then used to produce clean, green, electrical power from a multi-phase steam turbine and economizer.  The electricity produced by the steam turbine is then matched to the Grid requirements, and transmitted via the Grid to the users.  
Steam Turbine, Economizer, and GeneratorSeparator


Mini Menu Click to Move To Process Steps









RENEWABLE FUELRENEWABLE FUEL
As shown in the Process Flow DiagramAs shown in the Process Flow Diagram, synthesis gas from the gasifiers is first piped to the Cyclones, where 70 percent of the particulate matter and heavy metals are removed.  From the Cyclones the synthesis gas is piped to an Acid Gas Removal Unit, Ammonia Scrubber, and Electrostatic Precipitator to pre-treat the synthesis gas, then Ammonia Scrubber, and Electrostatic Precipitator to pre-treat the synthesis gas, then compressed prior to piping to the Fischer Tropsch Reactor, where the synthesis gas is mixed with a catalyst at high temperature.  The Fischer Tropsch Reactor is a fixed bed reactor with multiple, single-pass, tubular converters.  The catalyst runs at constant conditions at any given point in the Reactor.

The conversion of the synthesis gas to aliphatic hydrocarbons over metal catalysts was discovered by Franz Fischer and Hans Tropsch at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Coal Research in Mullheim in 1923 [2,3].  The demonstrated that CO hydrogenation over iron, cobalt, or nickel catalysts at 180 to 250 ºC and atmospheric pressure results in a product mixture of linear hydrocarbons.

An Iron or Cobalt catalyst is used to produce Diesel fuel from the CO and H2 in the synthesis gas.  Fuels produced with the Fischer Tropsch synthesis are of a high quality due to a very low aromaticity and ultra-low sulfur content.  The Diesel fuel is condensed from the synthesis gas in a Condensation Tower, where a Chiller is used to reduce temperatures and condense the synthesis gas to liquid form.  The high quality Diesel Fuel produced by the Fischer Tropsch process has a Cetane value greater than 70, where the minimum specification is a Cetane value for No.2 Diesel Fuel is 40.
Fischer Tropsch Synthetic Fuel Production UnitThe properties of the Premium Renewable Synthetic Diesel FuelThe properties of the Premium Renewable Synthetic Diesel Fuel produced by the Fischer Tropsch system are summarized in the following table
 
































   Kenya : BioPower Operation Corporation






Kenya – BioPower Operation Corporation















































 

















 























 





























BUILDING A 144 MW GASIFICATION 
POWER PLANT TO ELECTRIFY  
MAJOR HOSPITAL AND 
THIS WESTERN KENYA TOWN 







KAKAMEGA, KENYA 144 MW GASIFICATION POWER PLANTKAKAMEGA, KENYA 144 MW GASIFICATION POWER PLANT
Green3Power International and Togo TechnologiesGreen3Power International and Togo Technologies are well into process of developing a 144 MW, 4,800 tonnes/day (Tpd) Gasification Facility in Kakamega, Kenya.  The Gasification Facility will receive approximately 4,800 Tpd of municipal solid waste, hazardous medical waste, industrial waste as well as approximately 10 tonnes/day of used tires, and generate a nameplate capacity of more than 144 MW, with available power of 120 MW, and a minimum average of 108 MW to the Grid 24 hrs/day, 365 days/yr.  The Gasification Facility includes a Sorting Facility to remove recyclables and heavy metals, an in-line jacketed Waste Dryer, a Gasifier, a Cyclone to remove particulate matter from the synthesis gas, a Slagging Unit, a high efficiency, a high temperature and high pressure HRSG Boiler, a four-stage Steam Turbine/Generator, and a highly effective flue gas treatment system.    When in full operation, the new ~ $600 million power plant will deliver an average of 120 MW When in full operation, the new ~ $600 million power plant will deliver an average of 120 MW of electrical energy to the Grid, while earning revenues of more than $260 million annually. The power plant will feature an effective flue gas clean up train to ensure that regulated emissions are far below the concentrations allowed under both Kenyan and U.S. Federal air quality standards.  The fluidized bed gasifiers to be used at the new facility are of the type shown above and have been in waste to energy service for more than 33 years.   

The waste is sorted to remove recyclables such as metal and glass to be sold to recycling companies, as well as unacceptable waste such as e-waste, dirt, and rocks. Acceptable materials are fed through a shredder to reduce the particle size prior to entering the dryers which reduce the water content. From the dryer, waste is fed into the Rotary Kiln GasifiersFrom the dryer, waste is fed into the Rotary Kiln Gasifiers which convert the solid waste into synthesis gas and ash at a temperature of 1,000 deg. C.  The Synthesis gas is combusted in a reducing environment to prevent NO2 formation, and then processed through an HRSG Boiler to produce high temperature and pressure steam.  The Steam is fed to a high efficiency steam turbine to generate clean, green, renewable electric energy.  The flue gas is processed through a Cyclone to remove particulate matter, an Acid Gas Removal Unit to remove HCl, H2S, and HNO3, an Electrostatic Precipitator to remove sub 2.5-micron particulate matter, a Bag House with carbon injection to remove particulate matter, heavy metals, and organics, and is then discharged out the stack at a temperature of 140 deg C, which prevents condensation.  Therefore, there is nothing visibly discharged from the stack.  The constituent concentrations in the stack are more than 1,000 times lower than EU and USEPA Air Quality Standards, some of the most stringent in the world.The project includes the collection of waste.The project includes the collection of waste.  A total of 267 compaction trucks and 10 crane trucks will operate 7 days per week to collect and transport waste to the sorting facility.  The project includes the purchase of 8,638 1.1 liter bins, 1,728 3.0 cu m bins, and 1,152 5.0 cu m bins.  The trucks and supervision vehicles will be fitted with GPS and communication systems to track the progress of the collection vehicles at all times during the collection and transport process.  In addition, 300 mobile street sweepers will be employed to sweep and clean the streets in Kakamega and the surrounding areas. When in full operation the power plant will directly employ approximately 2,350 people and indirectly create another 4,000 jobs. It also plays a crucial role in the USD $2 billion Mwale Medical and Technology City (MMTC) as the main source of power and proper waste disposal.  MMTC is the largest single private developmentMMTC is the largest single private development in Kenya and includes the 144 MW Gasification Power Plant, a 5,000 bed hospital with 8,000 staff treating 12,000 patients per day, two world class shopping malls, a 1,500 room 5-star golf resort, an airstrip, and over 4,000 new homes.As of July 2016, over 90,000 square feet of upscale residential homes and apartments have been constructedAs of July 2016, over 90,000 square feet of upscale residential homes and apartments have been constructed, furnished and occupied.  Hamptons Mall, a multi-billion shilling residential and shopping complex and the first of the 2 shopping malls at MMTC, (see photo below or read more at www.hamptonsmall.com) is complete and fully occupied. A strong international community has made Hamptons Mall its home, including the UK based Barclays Bank, the American restaurant Hamptons Café, known for upscale service, and Mwal-mart, a supermarket stocked full with thousands of American brand-name products. Additionally, the foundations of the 1,500 room 5-star golf resort and 5,000 bed hospital are fully underway; with the construction sites operating into the night with the aid of over 600 hundred solar and grid based lights transforming night into day.The Green3Power Gasification facilityThe Green3Power Gasification facility is an important component of the overall MMTC facility and community, providing much needed waste service, and power.  
































   About Us : BioPower Operation Corporation






About Us – BioPower Operation Corporation















































 

















 























 






























OUR GLOBAL TEAM IS KEY  
DESIGNED 250+  AND CONSTRUCTED 100+ 
SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT FACILITIES







Margin:50pxCompanyCOMPANY
BioPower, through its 100% owned subsidiary Green3PowerBioPower, through its 100% owned subsidiary Green3Power, offers a clean alternative energy solution for solid and hazardous waste conversion, management and remediation; and water and wastewater treatment. We convert waste into electricity and synthetic fuels through an innovative gasifier process that is among the cleanest and most cost effective  WTE technology available. With a staff of highly trained and experienced environmental engineers, scientists, and project managers, Green3Power is focused on customer needs in WTE conversion. We stand ready to partner with municipalities, hospitals, large manufacturing corporations, and other waste generators to develop the best technology solutions for solid, liquid, and gas phase wastes and renewable energy fuels. 

If your company or organization is looking for Solid Waste-to-Energy solutions in the excess of 100 tons/day, we would like to have the opportunity to show you the features and benefits of our custom designed gasifier based systems (contact us). G3P’s management team has provided engineering, procurement, construction (EPC) and/or management services in over 250 waste projects and has experience in planning, permitting, and designing thermal plants producing up to 400MW of electricity. G3P has developed a strategic partnership with Vanderweil Engineers who provide large-scale utility and energy engineering services through its team of highly trained and experienced engineers, focused on thermal and electric utilities.  They have designed more than 500 central energy plants and many miles of distribution systems. They handle projects from planning and permitting through design, construction, startup and commissioning and have experience with thermal plants up to 540 MW and cogeneration up to 50 MW. Vanderweil has been in business since 1950.Margin:50pxLEADERSHIPLEADERSHIP
OUR TEAM IS COMMITTED TO A SUSTAINABLE WORLDOUR TEAM IS COMMITTED TO A SUSTAINABLE WORLDTestimonial Slider Robert Kohn, CEO and Chief Executive Officer, Director and Co-FounderMr. Kohn has been a director and Chief Executive Officer of BioPower Corporation of Florida since September 13, 2010, and has been involved in the formation and development of this business. From July 2009 until September 2010, Mr. Kohn was the Interim Chief Financial Officer of Proteonomix, Inc., a public company involved in stem cell research. From November 2009 to September 2010 Mr. Kohn was a consultant to Clenergen Corporation, a reporting issuer and was also a board member until January 25, 2011. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Kohn was the CEO and CFO of Global Realty Development Corp. and was hired to liquidate multiple Australian real estate development companies, which he accomplished. From 1999 – 2002, Mr. Kohn was the co-founder and CEO of AssetTrade which today is GoIndustry with approximately 1,300 employees in 20 countries. From 1996 to 1999 Mr. Kohn was President of Entrade (“energy trading”), a subsidiary of Exelon Corporation, one of the largest electric utilities in the United States. Mr. Kohn has a B.B.A. in accounting from Temple University and is a C.P.A. and formerly a tax consultant with Deloitte Touché. 
Neil D. Williams, Ph.D., Chairman and President, G3PDr. Williams has been a Director of BOPO since October 24, 2014. Dr. Williams has been the President and CEO of  Green3Power Holdings Company since August 2014. He was the President and CEO of EnviroPower Management since 2010. Dr. Williams was also the Chairman and President of EnviroPower Renewable from 2013 to 2014. He has been the President and CEO of Innviron Corporation since 1998. He is an internationally recognized scientist and environmental engineer. He is one of the original developers of the geosynthetic liners used at landfills and the designer of more than 250 waste management facilities with professional engineering credentials in more than 20 US States. Dr. Williams is one of the developers of the G3P Gasification Technology, and has more than 30 years of environmental management experience. Dr. Williams earned his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley. 
Mr. Garen Demirchian, PE Managing Partner, Vanderweil Power GroupMr. Demirchian is the Managing Partner and Sector Leader for Vanderweil’s Power Group.  He has expertise in renewable power generation, cogeneration, central and district heating, and cooling plants, control and instrumentation systems, campus distribution networks, energy conservation analysis, and thermal storage systems.  His responsibilities have involved the management of engineering, coordination, and execution of all phases of design from concept through construction and startup.  Mr. Demirchian has a BS degree in Mechanical Engineering from Northeastern University, is a PE in more than 15 states, and a member of the International District Energy Association (IDEA).
Mr. Paul Vranesic, PE, P.Eng. Program Manager, Vanderweil EngineersMr. Vranesic is a Senior Program Manager with more than 23 years of experience in program management, construction management, project management, design management, construction claims management and analysis, contract administration, and cost estimation and procurement in the energy, power, and industrial sectors.  Mr. Vranesic has a BS degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Toronto, is a PE and P.Eng., has received numerous professional awards for his work, and has many professional Certifications.
Mr. Joel Oppenheim, Chief Administrative officer, Green3PowerMr. Oppenheim has 30+ years experience in organizational development, human resources management and fiscal and risk management. His responsibilities have included all aspects of human resources, oversight of all financial accounting practices and controls, corporate information technology systems and administration.
Mr. Benjamin Williams, Senior Vice President, Green3PowerMr. Williams provides waste management and WTE project financial control as well as project administration and engineering support, with emphasis on overseas projects.  Mr. Ben Williams has prepared financial models and analysis for more than 40 solid waste and gasification projects around the world, and has negotiated Waste Services Agreements, Power Purchase Agreements, JV Agreements, and other contract documents for more than 40 solid waste and gasification projects.
Tom Roberts, Chief Operating Officer, Green3PowerTom Roberts has operated more than 17 solid waste management facilities, including collection companies, landfills, sorting facilities, compost plants, and thermal treatment facilities.  Mr. Roberts is the past President of the Construction Materials Recycling Association, and has developed the course materials for certification of landfill operators.
Bonnie Nelson, Director and Director of Business Strategy, Co-founder, BioPowerSeptember 13, 2010, and has been involved in the formation and development of this business. Ms. Nelson currently sits on the Board of Directors of Allied Artists and was a Board Advisor to Clenergen Corporation in 2010. From 1990 to present, with a career spanning over 20 years of investment and merchant banking, Ms. Nelson has extensive experience in consulting and corporate finance for public and private companies. Ms. Nelson has been responsible for developing and guiding many corporate turnarounds, joint ventures and strategic alliances. Bonnie Nelson was the prior owner and CEO of the Wall Street brokerage firm, Vanderbilt Securities, Inc. from 1983-1990. At Vanderbilt, she was specifically responsible for taking companies public, OTC trading, mergers and acquisitions, and the development of joint ventures and strategic alliances for her clients. 

Margin:50pxPARTNERSHIPSPARTNERSHIPS
OUR PARTNERS ARE KEY TO OUR SUCCESSOUR PARTNERS ARE KEY TO OUR SUCCESSwww.vanderweil.comWe have strategically aligned with Vanderweil Engineers to develop WTEWe have strategically aligned with Vanderweil Engineers to develop WTE facilities in the United States and internationally. Vanderweil has been in business since 1950 and their Power Engineering groups are experts at developing, designing, engineering and permitting power generation facilities worldwide. 

Vanderweil Engineers is an MEP, technology services, and power engineering firm dedicated to providing value-added services. Vanderweil has designed MEP systems for buildings of all types, cogeneration plants up to 50 MW, chilled water plants to 100,000 tons, hundreds of miles of transmission lines up to 345 kV, and utility grade substations up to 1000 MVA. The firm is an active participant in the AIA 2030 Commitment. 

We work closely and partner with Vanderweill on many projects. Of particular importance are two key Vanderweill partners that we collaborate with: List
Mr. Garen Demirchian, PE   Managing Partner, Vanderweil Power GroupMr. Demirchian is the Managing Partner and Sector Leader for Vanderweil’s Power Group.  He has expertise in renewable 
power generation, cogeneration, central and district heating, and cooling plants, control and instrumentation systems, 
campus distribution networks, energy conservation analysis, and thermal storage systems.  His responsibilities have 
involved the management of engineering, coordination, and execution of all phases of design from concept through
construction and startup. Mr. Demirchian has a BS degree in Mechanical Engineering from Northeastern University, is a 
PE in more than 15 states, and a member of the International District Energy Association (IDEA). Mr. Paul Vranesic PE, P.Eng.  Program Manager, Vanderweil EngineersMr. Vranesic is a Senior Program Manager with more than 23 years of experience in program management, construction 
management, project management, design management, construction claims management and analysis, contract 
administration, and cost estimation and procurement in the energy, power, and industrial sectors.  Mr. Vranesic has a BS 
degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Toronto, is a PE and P.Eng., has received numerous professional awards 
for his work, and has many professional Certifications.  We also have partnership relationships with the following organizations: We also have partnership relationships with the following organizations: www.theravensgroup.comThe Ravens Group, Inc. is a Center for Veterans Enterprise verified The Ravens Group, Inc. is a Center for Veterans Enterprise verified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business. Established in 2001, The Ravens Group’s core competencies include Professional Services, Managed Solutions and Business Process Improvement. The Ravens Group’s mission is to provide world-class solutions and to manage complex programs with a commitment to excellence and superior customer service.HiTemp Technology Corporation designs and manufactures custom high temperatureHiTemp Technology Corporation designs and manufactures custom high temperature gasification, oxidizer systems, catalysts, enclosed flares, rotary kilns and other eco-friendly industrial implementations. HTT has more than 25 years experience with the design, manufacturing and installation of combustion, gasification, heat recovery and process heating systems. www.hitemptech.comwww.apg.comActive Plus Group Ltd. is a trading, project development, and renewable energy company.Active Plus Group Ltd. is a trading, project development, and renewable energy company.  Active Plus Group is currently developing renewable energy projects with Green3Power International Company in Mitrovica, Kosovo, Lahore, Karachi, and Peshawar, Pakistan, Mauritius, and Djerba, Tunisia.  These projects include waste collection and transport, excavation and bailing of waste from existing dumpsites, and design, construction, and operation of Sorting Facilities, Gasification Waste-to-Energy Facilities, Gasification Waste-to-Diesel Fuel Production Facilities, Inert MSW Landfills, Transfer Stations, Water Treatment Plants, and Wastewater Treatment Plants.MARKET & OPPORTUNITYMARKET & OPPORTUNITY
In a world with an ever-growing population whose demand for energy is constantly increasing,In a world with an ever-growing population whose demand for energy is constantly increasing,  doesn’t it makes sense to create that energy from a renewable source such as trash and waste that also grows with the population and is in itself a big burden on the environment? Gasification is a process that does exactly that. Gasification is a clean and efficient process to recover energy from a variety of types of solid waste.  

According to the World Bank, the world currently generates about 4 billion tons of all types of waste per year. The world’s cities alone generate about 1.5 billion tons of solid waste per year.  This volume is expected to increase to 2.4 billion tons by 2025.  In lower income countries, waste generation is expected to double over the next 25 years (World Bank: "What a Waste.” March, 2012).   Currently, three-fourths of this waste is disposed of in landfills, with only one fourth being recycled.  

This municipal solid waste (MSW) includes “ trash”  such as kitchen waste, electronics, light bulbs, plastics, used tires, old paint, and yard waste.  In the U.S., Japan, and Europe, laws and regulations have significantly increased recycling and reuse of materials from MSW. However, despite significant increases in recycling and energy recovery in those areas, only about a fourth of the total MSW is recovered—leaving the remaining three-fourths to be disposed of in landfills or incinerated (burned). But these traditional methods of waste disposal are increasingly becoming less viable. In some countries, where there is limited landfill space, or where new laws and regulations either ban disposal of MSW in landfills or have very high landfill disposal fees, the traditional options of landfilling and incineration are becoming less feasible.  In addition to consuming valuable land, decomposing MSW generates methane, a greenhouse gas, and the leaching wastes may also pose a threat to surface water and groundwater.  Further, some areas have banned incineration of waste because of the negative environmental impacts. 

Landfills, incineration, and biological treatment are the primary means of solid waste management today, but are environmentally undesirable, and are not energy efficient. Gasification, the technology that we coalesced around, is the next generation technology.  This all spells a tremendous opportunity for us at Green3Power.  We expect that our growth rates will exceed the overall industry because of the robustness of our solution.  

According to Grandview Research the Global solid waste to energy market will be worth US $37.6 billion in 2020, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 5.9% from 2014.  

We calculate that the potential market opportunity for the global solid waste to energy market approximates US $189 Billion per year based on 7.4 billion people and a waste generation rate of 1 kilogram per person, a waste conversion rate of 7,000 kwh per ton and an average electricity rate of $0.10 per kwh. 

Regardless of which figure you use, this is a big market and we here at BioPower have a solution that merits your consideration. We believe that our overall growth of the market is a function of:List
Government mandated shift toward replacing old conventional coal based power generation with renewable energy 
power generation.Increasing volumes of domestic and industrial solid waste has prompted governments across the world to promote 
sustainable energy generation from waste.Favorable regulatory policies coupled with government support in the form of tax benefits and financial incentives 
have had a positive impact on the development of the renewable energy market.An increased awareness of Sustainability which has rendered current LandFill and Incineration solutions as undesirable 
and our Zero*-Emission Solution as the most viable that exist. * Our process emissions are undetectable* Our process emissions are undetectable 



















 














   Technology : BioPower Operation Corporation






Technology – BioPower Operation Corporation















































 

















 























 





























G3P'S COMPLETE AIR FED 
GASIFICATION SYSTEM, PROVIDES CLEAN, RELIABLE POWER,
 AND UTILIZES RENEWABLE RESOURCES






GASIFICATIONGASIFICATION
Gasification technology was originally developed in the early 1800sGasification technology was originally developed in the early 1800s to produce coal gas, which was used for lighting.  Waste gasification was developed more than 40 years ago, and can be divided into 3 primary categories: (i) pyrolysis, which is a low oxygen system operating at temperatures between approximately 600 and 800 °C; (ii) Air Fed Gasification Systems, which typically operate at temperatures ranging between 800 °C and 1,800 °C; and (iii) Plasma or Plasma Arc Systems, which operate at 2,000 °C to 2,800 °C.  Studies by the US Department of Energy [2002], US Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) [1996],  and Alameda Power & Telecom [2004] concluded that conventional, or Air Fed, Gasification Systems provided the most cost-effective and clean form of waste to energy systems for MSW. 

G3P’s complete Air Fed Gasification System provides clean, reliable power, utilizes renewable resources as fuel, and consists of five stages of treatment. These treatment stages are essential to the efficient and clean operation of any gasification system, and are designed to minimize the quantity of ash generated by the system, minimize the quantity of heavy metals and hazardous constituents in the flue gas, improve the energy efficiency, and provide the highest level of performance and protection for human health and the environment available in the market place.

The five treatment stages for Production of Premium renewable Synthetic Fuel are summarized as follows: List
Stage 1: Sorting and processing of Waste to make into Refuse Derived Fuel;Stage 2: Gasification of the Refuse Derived Fuel; Stage 3: Staged combustion of the Syngas in a Combustion Tube to reduce the production of NOx and SOx and Production of Electricity for Parasitic Loads; Stage 4: Production of High Quality Premium Renewable Synthetic Fuel through the Fisher-Tropsch Process;Stage 5: Treatment of Flue Gas using an Acid Gas Removal Unit, Ammonia Scrubber, Electrostatic Precipitator, Bag House with Carbon Injection, and StackPower Production FacilityPower Production Facility
On the Power Production Line the Synthesis gas is passed through an HRSGOn the Power Production Line the Synthesis gas is passed through an HRSG Boiler to produce high temperature and pressure steam. The steam is fed to a high efficiency steam turbine to generate clean, green, renewable electric energy. The flue gas is processed through a Cyclone to remove particulate matter, an Acid Gas Removal Unit to remove HCl, H2S, and HNO3, an Electrostatic Precipitator to remove sub 2.5 micron particulate matter, a Bag House with carbon injection to remove 
particulate matter, heavy metals, and organics, and is then discharged out the stack at a temperature of 140 to 200 deg C, which prevents condensation. The Power Production Line produces parasitic loading for the electricity needed for the facility of clean, green, electrical power 24 hours per day, 365 days per year.FUEL FACILITYFUEL FACILITY
Our Oxygen Fed Gasification Diesel Fuel Production Facility converts the Our Oxygen Fed Gasification Diesel Fuel Production Facility converts the waste into synthesis gas consisting primarily of Carbon Monoxide (CO), Hydrogen (H2), Nitrogen (N2), Water (H2O), and Carbon Dioxide (CO2).  This synthesis gas is then converted to Premium Renewable Synthetic Diesel Fuel using the Fischer Tropsch process, which was originally invented in Germany in 1923.  The process has been used in  over 114,000 facilities worldwide as a key component of gas to liquids technology, producing a synthetic lubrication oil and synthetic fuel, typically from coal, natural gas, or biomass. 

The environmental performance of our Oxygen Fed Gasification Diesel Fuel Production Facility is expected to far exceed the environmental performance of the Geo Plasma system.

The Premium Renewable Synthetic Diesel Fuel (the Fuel) produced by the Fischer Tropsch process will have a Cetane rating of 70 to 76, compared to 40 for No. 2 Diesel.  The sulfur content of the Fuel will be essentially zero.  Engines running on the Fuel will reduce emissions by 15 to 35 percent, and improved performance by 2 to 15 percent, depending on the age of the engine.Gasification is Not Incineration Gasification is Not Incineration 
The gasification process represents significant advances over incineration.The gasification process represents significant advances over incineration. In order to understand the advantages of gasification when compared to incineration, it’s important to understand the differences between the two processes. Incineration literally means to render to ash. Incineration uses MSW as a fuel, burning it with high volumes of air to form carbon dioxide and heat. In a waste-to-energy plant that uses incineration, these hot gases are used to make steam, which is then used to generate electricity. 

Gasification converts MSW to a usable synthesis gas, or syngas. It is the production of this syngas that makes gasification so different from incineration. In the gasification process, the MSW is not a fuel, but a feedstock for a hightemperature chemical conversion process. Instead of producing just heat and electricity, as is done in a waste-to-energy plant using incineration, the syngas produced by gasification can be turned into higher value commercial products such as transportation fuels, chemicals, fertilizers, and even substitute natural gas. Incineration cannot achieve this.

One of the concerns with incineration of MSW is the formation and reformation of toxic dioxins and furans, especially from PVC-containing plastics. These toxins end up in exhaust streams by three pathways:List
By decomposition, as smaller parts of larger molecules
By “ re-forming”  when smaller molecules combine together; and/orBy simply passing through the incinerator without changeIncineration does not allow control of these processesIncineration does not allow control of these processes, and all clean-up occurs after combustion. One of the important advantages of gasification is that the syngas can be cleaned of contaminants prior to its use, eliminating many of the types of after-the-fact (post-combustion) emission control systems required in incineration plants. The clean syngas can be used in reciprocating engines or turbines to generate electricity or further processed to produce hydrogen, substitute natural gas, chemicals, fertilizers or transportation fuels.  

The ash produced from gasification is different from what is produced from an incinerator. While incinerator ash is considered safe for use as alternative daily cover on landfills, there are concerns with its use in commercial products.  In high-temperature gasification, the ash actually flows from the gasifier in a molten form, where it is quench-cooled, forming a glassy, non-leachable slag that can be used for making cement, roofing shingles, as an asphalt filler or for sandblasting. Some gasifiers are designed to recover melted metals in a separate stream, further taking advantage of the ability of gasification technology to enhance recycling. 



















 














   News : BioPower Operation Corporation






News – BioPower Operation Corporation















































 

















 























 





























NEWS






New title 
New titleSOCIAL MEDIASOCIAL MEDIA
New title
 



Twitter Widget 




Tweets by @BioPowerCorp



 

LinkedIn Company Profile


New title 
































   Contact Us : BioPower Operation Corporation






Contact Us – BioPower Operation Corporation















































 

















 























 

































margin: 50pxContact UsContact Us CompanyBioPower Operations Corporation Address1000 Corporate Drive, Suite 200Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334 Phone+1 954 202-6660 Fax+1 954 202 6650Contact form











  
  
  
  





 


































   Contact Us : BioPower Operation Corporation






Contact Us – BioPower Operation Corporation















































 

















 























 

































margin: 50pxContact UsContact Us CompanyBioPower Operations Corporation Address1000 Corporate Drive, Suite 200Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334 Phone+1 954 202-6660 Fax+1 954 202 6650Contact form











  
  
  
  





 
































  BOPO:OTC US Stock Quote - BioPower Operations Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  BioPower Operations Corp   BOPO:US   OTC US        0.02USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/17/2017     Volume   40,000    Previous Close   0.02    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.14                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   40,000    Previous Close   0.02    52Wk Range   0.01 - 0.14    YTD Return   -53.00%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.06    Market Cap (m USD)   1.113    Shares Outstanding  (m)   47.362    Price/Sales (TTM)   2.41    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Energy   % Price Change +0.10%     Industry Energy   % Price Change +0.10%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   BioPower Operations Corporation intends to grow biomass crops coupled with processing and/or conversion facilities to produce oils, biofuels, electricity and other biomass products.    Address  1000 Corporate DriveSuite 200Fort Lauderdale, FL 33334United States   Phone  1-954-607-2800   Website   www.biopowercorp.com     Executives Board Members    Robert D Kohn  Chairman/CEO/CFO/Secretary    Bonnie Nelson  Dir:Business Strategy     Show More         



    BOPO Key Statistics - BioPower Operations Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































BioPower Operations Corp.

                  OTC: BOPO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

BioPower Operations Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 17, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


BOPO

/quotes/zigman/21397632/delayed


$
0.02




Change

+0.0035
+17.50%

Volume
Volume 40,000
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/21397632/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.02
		


$
				0.02
			
Change

+0.0035
+17.50%





Day low
Day high
$0.02
$0.02










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.01
        

            $0.14
        

















			Company Description 


			BioPower Operations Corp. is a development stage renewable energy company. It intends to grow biomass crops coupled with processing and conversion facilities to produce oils, biofuels, electricity and other biomass products. The company was founded by Robert D. Kohn and Bonnie Nelson on January 5, 2...
		


                BioPower Operations Corp. is a development stage renewable energy company. It intends to grow biomass crops coupled with processing and conversion facilities to produce oils, biofuels, electricity and other biomass products. The company was founded by Robert D. Kohn and Bonnie Nelson on January 5, 2011 and is headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, FL.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-0.39


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-0.39


Price to Sales Ratio
250.22


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-0.66


Enterprise Value to Sales
2.80


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.05

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
4,170.00


Income Per Employee
-315,909.00


Total Asset Turnover
0.73

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.00


Quick Ratio
0.00


Cash Ratio
0.00



Profitability

Gross Margin
14.41


Operating Margin
-6,699.07


Pretax Margin
-7,576.00


Net Margin
-7,576.00


Return on Assets
-5,517.02

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Assets
1,153.34





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Robert D. Kohn 
66
2011
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, CFO & Secretary



Ms. Bonnie  Nelson 
64
2010
Director & Director-Business Strategy



Dr. Neil  Williams 
63
2014
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/bopo

      MarketWatch News on BOPO
    
No News currently available for BOPO





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/bopo

      Other News on BOPO
    




 10-Q: BIOPOWER OPERATIONS CORP
11:12 a.m. Oct. 21, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K/A: BIOPOWER OPERATIONS CORP
3:39 p.m. Aug. 25, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

BioPower Operations Corp.
1000 Corporate Drive
Suite 200

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334




Phone
1 9542026660


Industry
Alternative Fuel


Sector
Companies on the Energy Service


Fiscal Year-end
11/2016


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$29,189


Net Income
$-2.21M


Employees

        7.00


Annual Report for BOPO











/news/pressrelease/company/us/bopo

      Press Releases on BOPO
    
No News currently available for BOPO







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:33 PM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:46pScaramucci on Washington back stabbers: ‘I’m more of a front-stabbing person’
7:43pFacebook keeps warning about growth, but growth doesn’t stop
6:56pFacebook heads toward $500 billion market cap after earnings
6:46pFoxconn pledges to build $10 billion state-of-the-art electronics plant in Wisconsin
6:14pGraham says Trump is showing weakness in unilateral public spat with Sessions
6:10pFacebook hits 2 billion users, earnings beat boosts stock: Live blog recap
6:04pNew rules for FTSE Russell index provider to exclude Snap, others from benchmarks
5:55pThe Nintendo Switch’s sell-out launch, in many charts
5:51p10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague in meetings
5:51pCommunity Health Systems shares fall after profit warning
5:45pWhat Donald Trump’s battle of wills with Jeff Sessions teaches you about a difficult boss
5:33pStock market ends at record on robust earnings as Fed issues policy update 
5:31pTrump puts his hands together for ‘the late, great Abraham Lincoln’
5:23p2-year Treasury yield falls the most in five weeks after Fed statement
5:20pFor transgender Americans, workplace discrimination isn’t limited to the military
5:09pYour 401(k) match may have some strings attached
5:07pThis is the worst mistake people make at work
5:06pWhy equal-weighted stock-market indexes bounce back faster from bear markets
5:05pNutrisystem shares rally on better-than-expected earnings
5:04pBuffalo Wild Wings drop 9% on 'high' chicken wing costs
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































	BioPower Operations Corp. (BOPO) Stock Message Board - InvestorsHub




























































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed

























































Home
            >
            Boards
            >
            US OTC
            >
            Oil/Gas/Natural Energy Production
            >
            
BioPower Operations Corp. (BOPO)



Add BOPO Price Alert  
              
            Hide Sticky  
            Hide Intro










Moderator:





Search This Board: 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003+






Created: 4/26/2012 12:08:24 PM - 
                Followers:
                6
                - Board type:
                Free
                - Posts Today: 
                    0







http://biopowercorp.com/our-company/  Our Company is a development stage company that intends to grow biomass crops coupled with processing or conversion facilities to produce oils, biofuels, electricity and other biomass products. BioPower has two business drivers. The primary business driver is the need for environmentally friendly, profitable and sustainable products. A second driver is the search for alternatives for the replacement of hydrocarbon based products, which is one of the concerns of governments, scientists and businesses   BioPower Operations Corporation  BioPower Operations Corporation is a development stage company focused on growing biomass coupled with the production and sale of biomass products and byproducts. The senior management team has analyzed numerous biomass technologies and various market niche opportunities resulting in short term plans to produce and sell biomass oils coupled with the execution of two long-term licenses to grow unique trees and bamboo that can be converted into oils, biofuels, animal feed or electricity. Robert Kohn, Chairman and CEO, stated, "We are elated to enter the public marketplace. Our S-1 registration statement was declared effective by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on August 1, 2011. Our experienced team is in place and we have been working diligently on the initiatives outlined in our business plan. We plan to communicate frequently and consistently with the investment community to achieve complete transparency and disclosure as we build our business." BioPower has an experienced management team, led by Robert Kohn, Chairman, CEO, CFO and Co-Founder. Previously, Mr. Kohn was co-founder of three start-up public companies with equity and debt raised exceeding $400 million. He was President of a subsidiary of NYSE, Exelon-"EXC" (www.exeloncorp.com) ranked as one of the largest electric utilities in the U.S., and President and founder of Entrade energy trading. Early in his career, Robert co-founded a waste to energy start-up, ORFA Corp. of America, which traded on National Market NMS NASDAQ. He was also Co-Founder and CEO of AssetTrade (www.Go-Dove.com), a world leader in its market and a public company on the London Exchange. Dale Shepherd, President & COO of BioPower, has served in numerous executive roles, as COO, CFO and Finance Director including eighteen years in the General Electric Company primarily in the Plastics and the Gas Turbine business. Mr. Shepherd also served six years with Kawasaki Steel Corporation building their worldwide plastics interests as the VP of Business Development and was CFO of Rogers Corporation, an AMEX company (now trading on the NYSE). Additionally, Mr. Shepherd was VP Finance of North American Logistics with $500 Million in revenue. Mr. Shepherd acted as interim CFO and Managing Director for a business unit of Vertex Data Sciences Ltd (UK) a BPO company with $800 million in revenue. Dale has a strong background in new business development and M&A work having participated, completed and led acquisitions from $50,000 to $2.3 billion.   About BioPower Operations Corporation BioPower Operations Corporation is a development stage company focused on growing biomass coupled with the production and sale of biomass products and byproducts. Biomass is a broad term that encompasses all plant and animal matter that can be used either as a source of energy or for its chemical components when converted into bio oils, biofuels, green electricity, animal feed and other valuable products. The company's website can be viewed at www.biopowercorp.com Forward-Looking Safe Harbor Statement: This press release contains statements, which may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PSLRA) implemented several significant substantive changes affecting certain cases brought under the federal securities laws, including changes related to pleading, discovery, liability, class representation and awards fees and of 1995. Those statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of BioPower Operations Corporation, and members of its management as well as the assumptions on which such statements are based. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. BioPower Operations Corporation undertakes no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed. Investor Relations Contact:  Constellation Asset Advisors, Inc.  415-524-8500     CEO Robert Kohn Bio from Linkedin  http://www.linkedin.com/in/robertkohn007   BioPower Corporation ("BC") Exclusive License Agreement with Clenergen Corporation - an exclusive license agreement was signed between BioPower Corporation and Clenergen Corporation. BioPower Corporation has the exclusive license for the United States, Central America, Guam, and Mexico to utilize Clenergen's biomass growing technologies. Clenergen Corporation (www.clenergen.com) is a public company which utilizes a tree adaption technology applied to selected tree species, Marjestica, Melia Dubia and Bamboo. This technology increases biomass yields. After three to four years wood chips and wood pellets can be produced from the biomass and can then be converted into clean electricity and biofuels.  Global Energy Crops Corporation ("GECC") Global Energy Crops Corporation ("GECC") is a 100% wholly-owned subsidiary for the future development of global business opportunities. GECC will focus on:  Funding and Project Finance for alternative energy projects. Opportunities with USA AID, OPIC, humanitarian funds and similar organizations for biomass energy crop growing projects in third world countries, for the conversion to electricity and biofuels. Working with municipalities, government agencies and Native American Sovereign Territories in utilizing undervalued, non-food crop land and growing energy crops that can be converted to biofuels and electricity. Establishing joint ventures with both international and smaller technology companies for alternative energy projects. Developing supply chain contracts with buyers of energy crop products including wood pellets, electricity, biofuels and other valuable products. Offering services and training related to providing technology and know-how for biomass projects and alternative energy projects.   Green Oil Plantations Americas, Inc. ("Green Oil") An agreement was signed between Green Oil Plantations Ltd. (www.greenoilplantations.com) and their affiliates and the subsidiary for the exclusive fully paid up license for fifty (50) years to utilize the licensed technologies and turnkey model for growing energy crops in North America, South America, Central America and the Caribbean. Green Oil Plantations Americas, Inc. was formed as the operating company for this exclusive license. We have deferred our plans for the development of our long-term, licensed biomass products until specific funding can be obtained for such projects. If such funding is obtained, we would seek joint ventures with land owners and investors, work with municipalities, federal and state government agencies and Native American Tribes.  










            BOPO
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        







            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















BOPO Detailed Quote









1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y






















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (4)


Hide Intro


View Posters


BOPO Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled









PostSubject< Older


#93
                                 
                            
Anyone?

sch100
07/23/17 06:15:30 PM


#92
                                 
                            
Some interest here?

sch100
06/13/16 10:35:40 AM


#91
                                 
                            
BOPO new website:
wtepower.com

sch100
05/05/16 05:50:43 AM


#90
                                 
                            
10-Q posted today shows terrible BS and IS.

IPO$
04/21/16 10:49:10 AM


#89
                                 
                            
10k out:
 
Present Operations
 
Waste-to-Energy Projects
 
We are

sch100
03/16/16 04:51:32 PM


#88
                                 
                            
BioPower's facility has Environmental benefits....a reduction in Greenhouse

sch100
09/19/15 07:59:04 AM


#87
                                 
                            
The county delivers the solid waste and also

sch100
09/10/15 09:09:15 PM


#86
                                 
                            
Yes sir I'm in ... $20 next year ..

MADDSTACKER
08/20/15 12:50:51 PM


#85
                                 
                            
I like our chances here

sch100
08/20/15 12:50:19 PM


#84
                                 
                            
T.O. D.A. M.O.O.N.

MADDSTACKER
08/19/15 01:05:03 PM


#83
                                 
                            
You're really funny. Lol

IPO$
08/17/15 11:25:07 AM


#82
                                 
                            
Are you basing this on your extensive DD

sch100
08/17/15 11:20:50 AM


#81
                                 
                            
It's Robert Kohn and Green3power is a subsidiary

sch100
08/17/15 11:13:56 AM


#80
                                 
                            
That info and more:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/robertkohn007

sch100
08/17/15 11:12:20 AM


#79
                                 
                            
Green3power is listed on temporary BOPO website

sch100
08/17/15 11:11:39 AM


#78
                                 
                            
I do not see Frank Kohn listed as

IPO$
08/17/15 11:07:29 AM


#77
                                 
                            
It has this on website ...http://www.green3power.com

sch100
08/17/15 11:05:13 AM


#76
                                 
                            
There redoing site ...lmao

MADDSTACKER
08/17/15 11:04:34 AM


#75
                                 
                            
company's web site does NOT work

IPO$
08/17/15 10:53:03 AM


#74
                                 
                            
http://www.otcmarkets.com/edgar/GetFilingHtml?FilingID=7728420

IPO$
08/17/15 10:51:31 AM


#73
                                 
                            
My DD thus far shows "pump and dump"

IPO$
08/17/15 10:47:52 AM


#72
                                 
                            
No offense but are you going to do

MADDSTACKER
08/17/15 10:44:38 AM


#71
                                 
                            
they need $175MM to do this though...pie in

IPO$
08/17/15 10:44:30 AM


#70
                                 
                            
Float	3,789,257	a/o Jan 23, 2015


MADDSTACKER
08/17/15 10:44:24 AM


#69
                                 
                            
...in the float...please specifiy

IPO$
08/17/15 10:42:57 AM


#68
                                 
                            
Where is the company going to get the

IPO$
08/17/15 10:41:53 AM


#67
                                 
                            
Where was this info. obtained and how would

IPO$
08/17/15 10:33:41 AM


#66
                                 
                            
Only 4 million shares "

MADDSTACKER
08/17/15 10:23:42 AM


#65
                                 
                            
any good or bad recommendations on this stock please?

IPO$
08/17/15 10:20:09 AM


#64
                                 
                            
Wow .... Trading this maybe on the Nasdaq

MADDSTACKER
08/15/15 08:58:22 PM


#63
                                 
                            
Robert Kohn was co-founder of three start-up public

sch100
08/15/15 10:27:17 AM


#62
                                 
                            
Don't think many eyes on this right now...would

sch100
08/15/15 08:03:12 AM


#61
                                 
                            
I'm here wonder where everyone is ...

MADDSTACKER
08/14/15 12:10:53 PM


#60
                                 
                            
8k out ....looking like a winner here

sch100
08/14/15 10:17:02 AM


#59
                                 
                            
If they can get this facility up and

sch100
08/12/15 07:42:17 AM


#58
                                 
                            
Good news and people sell .. I live

MADDSTACKER
08/11/15 02:35:45 PM


#57
                                 
                            
From 10Q ...8/7/15
 
On August 4, 2015 the

sch100
08/11/15 07:11:58 AM


#56
                                 
                            
Great news:
http://finance.yahoo.com/news/biopower-operations-corporations-subsi

sch100
06/30/15 08:38:30 PM


#55
                                 
                            
Wow!!! Now that's some news!! $175 million

FlipAtrip
06/30/15 08:39:20 AM


#54
                                 
                            
http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2015/03/21/plastic-trash-ocea

sch100
03/23/15 08:26:31 PM


#53
                                 
                            
Four projects listed on http://www.green3power.com

sch100
03/21/15 08:27:27 AM


#52
                                 
                            
10k ....nothin

sch100
03/13/15 10:25:25 PM


#51
                                 
                            
Anyone...anyone....

sch100
02/02/15 10:41:43 AM


#50
                                 
                            
Anyone hearing anything?

sch100
11/20/14 05:49:10 PM


#49
                                 
                            
Very interesting!!!

sch100
07/08/14 12:27:10 PM


#48
                                 
                            
Robert is alive!

WallStreetReports101
07/08/14 12:18:26 PM


#47
                                 
                            
Pr released today for $BOPO

CourtesyFlush
07/08/14 11:04:07 AM


#46
                                 
                            
This dead???? Anyone?

sch100
05/28/14 07:49:01 AM


#45
                                 
                            
Talked to CEO yesterday...I asked him about reasoning

sch100
05/09/14 07:09:14 PM


#44
                                 
                            
A shareholder letter with some updates would be nice

sch100
02/17/14 08:58:51 AM

PostSubject< Older
















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (4)


Hide Intro


View Posters


BOPO Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        


























 



  BOPOD Stock Quote - BioPower Operations Corp - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  BioPower Operations Corp   BOPOD:US      Ticker Change   BOPOD:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Energy   % Price Change +0.10%     Industry Energy   % Price Change +0.10%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   BioPower Operations Corporation intends to grow biomass crops coupled with processing and/or conversion facilities to produce oils, biofuels, electricity and other biomass products.    Address  1000 Corporate DriveSuite 200Fort Lauderdale, FL 33334United States   Phone  1-954-607-2800   Website   www.biopowercorp.com     Executives Board Members    Robert D Kohn  Chairman/CEO/CFO/Secretary    Bonnie Nelson  Dir:Business Strategy     Show More         







PRODUCTS & SERVICES





























PRODUCTS




SERVICES








BIOSOL SL36







Applications:
 
          Pit Latrines and VIP Latrines
          Waste Water Treatment Works
          Septic Tanks
          Flush-Tech Sanitation System
          Restaurants
          Abattoirs etc.
 
This is the unique organic product BioPower Corporation uses to treat Pit Latrines, Ventilated Improved Pit Latrines, septic tanks, Flush-Tech Systems as well as Waste Water Treatment Works. The bacteria contained in the mixture breaks down organic waste inside the mentioned units, and is proving very effective in the prevention of sludge build-up, as well as the removal of already accumulated material. The product has no added chemicals, being 100% organic & environmentally friendly. Unlike other green solutions it is not an enzyme either, the organisms contained within rather producing the enzymes used to break down waste matter. This creates a thriving, safe mini-ecosystem that continually works even without addition. BioSol SL36 contains fossilized peat and free lignin in a water soluble form.
 
It also contains the following organic elements:
 
          Bacteria that occur naturally in the fossilized peat
          Added bacteria with specific abilities
          Naturally occurring nutrients that is specific to the bacteria
          Biologically treated water
 
After an initial shock dosage of around 250mℓ, the application of 50mℓ Biosol SL36 once a week per pit latrine will dissolve organic waste inside the latrine, eliminate odours and keep it odour free as long as the product is applied. It cleans the fluid left in - for example - the Pit Latrine to such a level that it is safe to use for gardening purposes and does not contaminate ground water.




































BIOCORE SL10 JET MIXER




Applications:
 
          Waste Water Treatment Works
          Biogas Digesters
 
This locally manufactured device optimizes mixing and aeration capabilities in Waste Water Treatment Works by using high velocity air or gas. Aerating and mixing creates a more energy efficient process with huge savings in the use of electricity.
 
Using BioSol SL36 in conjunction with the Jet Mixer will increase the efficiency of digesters in the production of biogas, and reduce the material that needs disposal.













 
There are no moving parts in the Jet Mixer, translating to minimal maintenance and a straight forward operating method, which increases the throughput of waste and increases the capacity of digesters.
 
The BioCore SL10 keeps all of the solids in suspension, bringing the existing bacterial population into contact with the new sludge while softening the smaller pieces. It reduces electrical demand by replacing large numbers of existing motors e.g. at aeration ponds, where it replaces 4 x 15kW motors with 1 x 40kW unit saving 20kW.
 
 









FLUSH-TECH SANITATION SYSTEM



Applications:
 
          Water Recycling
          Waste Treatment
 
The Flush-Tech Sanitation System (FTS) package plant operates in accordance with the activated sludge process with retention (single tank or SBR plant).
 
Following preliminary treatment (for use with our BioSol SL36 product), the wastewater is buffered in the buffer tank and treated in the SBR in batches.
 
The special characteristic of the SBR process lies in the fact that the individual process phases of an activated sludge plant (aerobic, anoxic and anaerobic, mixture as well as sedimentation) run along one-time axis in the same tank. With this, the times of the individual process phases - denitrification (depending on required effluent quality), nitrification, settling phase, clarified water discharge and removal of excess sludge - are matched to the respective degree of loading and thus the meeting of the required discharge limits can be maintained with certainty.
 
The water in the system is used to flush the toilets after passing through a UV unit.
 
The FTS System is especially suited to rural/semi-rural households, schools, clinics and hospitals and can be designed to accommodate between 50 and a 150 houses or 200 to 2000 learners/patients (schools/hospitals).
 
By replacing the pit latrines with an FTS system, the biggest benefits are flushing toilets, skills development and water conservation.
 
















SUSTAINABLE ECO-AGRI VILLAGES




The construction of sustainable Eco-Agri Villages and rural digesters bring together a number of our solutions to create a community that is self-reliant with regards to energy, water and sanitation. The company sees this as an offering that can be tailored in terms of needs and cost, and is ideal for communities located far from essential services.
 
       Eco-Agri Villages are a BioPower key solution to assist in combating poverty in South Africa.
       BioPower will assist in establishing Eco-Agri Villages throughout South Africa.
       Maximizing of biogas production to create alternative energy.
       Practising natural farming processes for sustainability.
       Establishing efficient training programmes for the rural communities.
       Work creation and skills development.
 
​
 
Rural Biogas Digesters for an Eco-Agri Village
 
       Biogas for cooking and lighting (replacement for LPG)
       No fire wood needed - preventing deforestation
       Job creation and skills development
       Produces organic fertilizer for vegetable gardens inside shade net structures (sustainable food)
       Creating a source of sustainable income by selling excess vegetables
       Creating food security and sustainable income. Improving the livelihood of rural communities.
 
Flush-Tech Sanitation System for an Eco-Agri Village
 
       Based on the SBR (Sequence Batch Reactor) principle
       Fully automated and highly economical
       Grey water from the unit will be used for flushing toilets
       Production of recycled water negates the need for a constant supply of fresh water
       System is highly scalable and modular
       Flexible installation at any location e.g. from temporary school/housing to permanent location
       Replacing all chemical, pit latrine, dry toilets etc.


































































RURAL BIO-DIGESTERS



BioPower Corporation installs new biogas digesters that are especially efficient in a rural- or semi-rural setup. These digesters use the manure collected from livestock to generate electricity for the community.
 
Benefits of Rural Bio-Digesters
 
       Generates Biogas for cooking and lighting (replacement for LPG)
       Limits the demand for fire wood - preventing deforestation
       Job creation and skills development
       Producing organic fertilizer for vegetable gardens
       Creating a source of sustainable income by selling excess vegetables
 
The process is really simple:
 
       Collect the manure of 4 cows
       Mix with water
       Add 50 ml of BioSol SL36
       Add to digester
       Produce Biogas for energy










































PIT LATRINE TREATMENT







With more than 6 million pit latrines are being used  all over South Africa, natural water resources are getting seriously strained. Bad smells and diseases like cholera are created by unsanitary pit latrines.
 
50ml BioSol SL36 per pit latrine every week reduces solids and eliminates smells.
 
BioPower Corporation is already offering this service through government programs to certain rural areas. The company can also offer a treatment solution for Pit Latrines on a smaller scale, by involving the whole community. This ensures work creation, work pride as well as the re-investment of capital back into the area.



With the creation of Small, Medium and Micro Enterprises (SMME's) we empower the community to take control of their own sanitation problems. At all times we monitor and assist in this endeavour, and supply the workers with BioSol SL36 and the proper training and skills to apply it efficiently to the Pit Latrines.





WASTE WATER TREATMENT WORKS REHABILITATION AND REFURBISHMENT




The company restores and improves Waste Water Treatment Works (WWTW's) to full operational capacity, and can also convert them to efficient biogas plants to generate electricity.
 
Benefits of Restoration of WWTW's
 
       Improve the Green Drop status of existing WWTW’s
       Job creation, training and skills development of personnel
       Application of new research techniques and products in waste management.
       Increase existing stream capacity through efficient waste water management
       Produce methane gas through the digestion of organic waste as renewable energy to generate electricity
       Produce the raw materials that can be used in our Biocoal Briquetting Plants
       Re-grid excess generated electricity to the national power grid of Eskom
       Ensure stability of WWTW’s through continued management and control  over operational procedures
 
Using our specialized products - BioSol SL36 and the BioCore SL10 Jet Mixer - we optimise the advanced mixing and digesting processes.














































Copyright © 2016 BioPower Corporation (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.


















BioPower Operations Corporation's Subsidiary Green3Power Wins Award to Build a $175 Million Renewable Energy Facility in St. Lucie County, Florida Using the G3P Gasification TechnologyHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitBioPower Operations Corporation's Subsidiary Green3Power Wins Award to Build a $175 Million Renewable Energy Facility in St. Lucie County, Florida Using the G3P Gasification TechnologyMarketwiredJune 30, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareFORT LAUDERDALE, FL--(Marketwired - Jun 30, 2015) - BioPower Operations Corporation (  OTCQB :  BOPO ) ("BioPower" or the "Company") announced today that its wholly-owned subsidiary Green3Power Operations Inc. (G3P) has won the award to build a $175 Million renewable energy facility which will convert waste into ultra-low sulfur synthetic green No. 2 diesel fuel using G3P's exclusively licensed gasification technology and the Fischer-Tropsch process which has been in use for ninety years turning gas into fuel. The facility will be built at the existing St. Lucie County Solid Waste Management Facility and extend the life of the landfill while reducing environmentally harmful greenhouse gas emissions.G3P has finalized negotiations with St. Lucie County on an agreement to develop a renewable energy gasification facility at the County's Glades Road Landfill which will be presented to the County Commissioners on July 21, 2015 for their consideration. G3P has finalized the site plan.Dr. Neil Williams, PhD, P.E., CEO of Green3Power stated, "St. Lucie County has a long history of implementing innovative and cost-effective technologies at the St. Lucie County Solid Waste Management Facility. This facility will enable St. Lucie County to increase their landfill air space over time while reducing harmful greenhouse gas emissions. To that end, and due to the close proximity of the site to the G3P corporate offices, I-95, and the Florida Turnpike, G3P plans to construct our showcase facility at the St. Lucie County site."The facility will reduce the odors from waste collected, which will no longer be placed into the landfill, thus eliminating the disposal of organic waste in the landfill. G3P has been working with its strategic partner, Vanderweil Engineering, a joint venture partner in the facility which will convert approximately 1,000 tons per day of municipal solid waste, construction and demolition debris, used tires and yard waste to synthetic diesel fuel. If additional waste is needed on any given day, the additional waste will be excavated from the County landfill to create more landfill air space, and reduce the amount of greenhouse gas emissions from the landfill.Green3Power Operations USA and Vanderweil will be paid for and provide design, permitting, engineering, procurement and contractor (EPC) services during the next 18 months while the facility is being permitted and built. G3P will also provide operations and maintenance for the facilities for 20 years with a 10 year extension, after the facility is built.Garen Demirchian, P.E., a Partner with Vanderweil Engineering, stated, "The G3P Gasification Facility will be a highly efficient facility that is highly protective of human health and the environment. The St. Lucie Gasification Facility has been designed to a higher standard, that includes exceeding air emissions standards by more than 100 times, recycling water from the processes and extracting water from the wastes in order to prevent the use of drinking water and prevent discharge of wastewater to the sewer, and reuse of the ash and conversion of the ash to concrete block."Robert Kohn, CEO of BioPower, commented, "We believe this will be the first of many waste-to-energy projects that are environmentally sound to be developed by Green3Power. BioPower intends to develop waste to energy projects and waste remediation projects throughout the world. BioPower will focus on the conversion of wastes to electricity and synthetic fuels using Green3Power's exclusive license for gasification technology and the Fischer-Tropsch process."ABOUT GREEN3POWER (G3P) An environmentally sound alternative energy company that designs, procures equipment, constructs, and operates and maintains Gasification Waste-to-Energy plants, which use a unique thermal gasification technology to convert numerous wastes to synthesis gas which can then be converted to electricity or through the use of the Fischer-Tropsch process into synthetic fuels. This is an upgrade to present gasification technology in use around the world for the last 30 years. Wastes that can be converted include: municipal solid waste (trash); tires; construction and demolition debris; medical waste; industrial waste; pharmaceutical waste; biological waste; sewage sludge; APHIS waste and much more. G3P's management team has historically provided design, permitting, engineering and management services in over 250 waste projects. G3P is developing waste-to-energy projects globally and in the United States.Read MoreForward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this press release and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company are forward-looking statements ("forward-looking statements") within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about the timing and likelihood of the EnviroPower acquisition. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof and are based on current expectations as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management. Our actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied in forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, expectations, intentions, projections, developments, future events, performance or products, underlying assumptions and other statements that are not historical in nature, including those that include the words "subject to," "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates," "forecasts," "projects," "aims," "targets," "may," "will," "should," "can," the negatives thereof, variations thereon and similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current views with respect to future events, based on what the Company believes are reasonable assumptions. Whether actual results will conform to expectations and predictions is subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including risks and uncertainties discussed in the reports that the Company has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"); risks related to the proposed transaction, including the ability to consummate the acquisition and the timing of the closing of the acquisition; general economic, market, or business conditions; the Company's ability to retain key personnel; the Company's ability to obtain financing for new projects on commercially reasonable terms; the Company's ability to integrate successfully the new acquisition into its ongoing business; and the ability to achieve the anticipated results of the proposed transaction and other potential acquisitions; the Company's ability to comply with government regulations; changes in laws or regulations or policies of federal and state regulators and agencies; and other circumstances beyond the Company's control. Refer to the section entitled "Risk Factors" set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended November 30, 2014, as well as the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings for a discussion of important risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company's stockholders are urged to consider such risks, uncertainties and factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not, and should not be relied upon as, a guarantee of future performance or results, nor will they necessarily prove to be accurate indications of the times at or by which any such performance or results will be achieved. As a result, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements. The Company is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any such obligation to, update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextPSA: Southwest is having a flash sale with flights starting at $49Hello GigglesEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredBannon convinced Jeff Sessions to endorse Trump, and Sessions worried his career in the Republican Party might end because of itBusiness InsiderPentagon officials are not even trying to sound coordinated with Trump on his military transgender banBusiness InsiderMelania Trump’s Floral Dress Is One of Her Prettiest Style Choices YetUs WeeklyDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsored“Game of Thrones” just teased the first meeting of Dany and Jon, and omfgHello GigglesKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredFacebook shares hit record high as mobile ad sales soarReutersFix My Finances: I borrowed from my 401(k)Yahoo FinanceSenate aims for a 'skinny' Obamacare repeal as other options failThom: Tired of winning yet?Join the Conversation1 / 5536











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















National Pen® Official Site | Promotional Products Since 1966






























 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  
























Quick Shopping Links

Toggle Links



 Quick Shopping Links   National Pen Brand  Buy 1, Get Some Free  Sales & Closeout New Products  Best Selling Products  Rush Service  Full Color Designs 









Submit









Personalized Pens  Retractable Pens Plastic Pens Metal Pens Gel Ink Pens Blue Ink Pens BIC & National Pen  Bags  Tote Bags Coolers  Drinkware  Travel Mugs Water Bottles  Office  Magnets Letter Openers  Auto & Home  Key Chains Flashlights  Stationery  Note Pads Sticky Notes Calendars  Popular Brands  BIC PaperMate Uni-Ball Sharpie KOOZIE 







xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!
































 Popular Searches    Contour Pens Squiggle Pens Colorama Pens Cirrus Pens     DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Superball Pen Flashlight Pens     Custom Selfie Stick Key Chain Flashlight  Stylus Pens BIC Pens     Tech Gadgets Budget Friendly Products Low Minimum Pens All Promotional Products    




National Pen®  - Your #1 source for promotional products and personalized pens
National Pen®  offers high quality personalized products at factory-direct pricing.  In business over 45 years, we manufacture and assemble many of our promotional products in the USA.  Advertise your business by imprinting your company name or logo on personalized pens, key chains, note pads, magnets, calendars, mugs, tote bags & more.  Personalized promotional products are perfect for trade show giveaways, customer appreciation, corporate events, and marketing your brand.




























+Close
Join Our Email List


Join our list to be the first to know about new products, special offers, sales and more!
Plus, get 15% off  your next order.


Email:


First Name:


Last Name:


Cancel


                            You can opt out at anytime. Please refer to our Privacy Policy
 or Contact Us
 for more details












XClose
Survey
























Closeout Promotional Products: Pens, Pencils & More | Pens.com





































 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  





























Closeout




































Narrow Your Search:

Toggle filter



Category



						Writing Closeout (2)
					  





						Auto and Home Closeout (12)
					  





						Office Closeout (11)
					  





						Tech Closeout (5)
					  





						Drinkware Closeout (1)
					  


Product Colors



						Assorted (8)
					  





						Black (13)
					  





						Blue (13)
					  





						Brown (1)
					  





						Burgundy (1)
					  





						Custom (2)
					  





						Gold (1)
					  





						Gray (1)
					  





						Green (7)
					  





						Multi-Color (1)
					  





						Show More...


Price



						$0.39 or Less (2)
					  





						$0.40 - $0.59 (4)
					  





						$0.60 - $0.79 (1)
					  





						$0.80 - $0.99 (3)
					  





						$1.00 - $1.49 (10)
					  





						$1.50 - $1.99 (4)
					  





						$2.00 - $2.99 (2)
					  





						$3.00 - $4.99 (5)
					  


Minimum Quantity



						10 - 49 (5)
					  





						50 - 99 (23)
					  





						100 - 199 (2)
					  





						200 or More (1)
					  





Recently Viewed Products:

Toggle Recently Viewed





You have no recently viewed items










xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!






Closeout Promotional Items


        31 results found











Items per page:


                                      12
24
36
48
All

Sort by:

Default
Best Sellers
Price: Low - High
Price: High - Low
Minimum Quantity
Name: A - Z
Name: Z - A


  Grid
  List




















				Handy Helper Phone Stand





						As low as

		$1.16

						each!


















				Laser Engraved Journal with Strap





						As low as

		$3.19

						each!


















				Executive Notepad with Neon Flags





						As low as

		$1.59

						each!


















				Deluxe Sticky Notebook with Apple Notes





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Window Frame Journal





						As low as

		$1.89

						each!


















				School Pouch





						As low as

		$0.89

						each!


















				Contempo Desk Calculator





						As low as

		$2.29

						each!


















				USB Laptop LED Flex-Light





						As low as

		$1.29

						each!


















				Glitter/Sparkle Pencil





						As low as

		$0.19

						each!


















				Trusty Dual Light with Bottle Opener





						As low as

		$1.49

						each!


















				Patriot Party Light





						As low as

		$0.79

						each!


















				Expedition Key Ring





						As low as

		$1.39

						each!














1
2
3



This closeout sale is a great way to save on some of the hottest promotional items around. From customized key rings that sport your company's logo to colorful pens that your clients can't help but notice, this page contains dependable, high-quality products at a fraction of their regular cost.With your personalized closeout order, you'll receive steeply discounted products without compromising on quality. These savings are sure to magnify your already deep closeout discounts of 50 percent or more. These items aren't just affordable: Designed with the highest quality in mind, they're designed to offer the best value around. Each closeout spiral notebook is held together with the finest plastic rings that can be customized in virtually any color of your choosing.Every sturdy carabiner is tested to ensure that it can hold a solid load. Even the closeout zoom-light key chains that you'll find here are built to emit concentrated, powerful illumination that can help your clients read in the dark or find their way around a closet.Of course, no closeout sale would be complete without a full range of customization options. With over 500 custom colors and the ability to imprint a wide range of images and characters onto each item of your order, your closeout order is sure to help your company stand out from the crowd.These personalized products are great for distributing at big events like trade shows or conventions, and they work well as guerrilla marketing tools as well. You can even use them to turn your next customer appreciation day into an advertising bonanza.Before you place your order, be sure to make it your own. For maximum impact, wrap your items with a printed image or logo that sums up your business. To stay fresh in the minds of prospective clients, imprint your company's slogan or contact information on your closeout products. Once you're ready to purchase, simply choose your desired quantity and await your game-changing shipment.





































Back to School | National Pen




 












  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  



















	    	    
		 
		





Back to School









Fun Supplies 


Everyday Necessities 


Upgraded Basics 




Shop by Category


Pens & Writing


Stationery


Bags


Drinkware


Tech Gadgets


Apparel & Accessories






Top Picks




 






					Deluxe Neon Round Pencil



								As low as 
		$0.16

								each!







 






					The Campus Backpack



								As low as 
		$7.86

								each!







 






					The Star Spiral Notebook



								As low as 
		$1.63

								each!







 






					Clear Solar Calculator



								As low as 
		$2.76

								each!







 






					BIC® 3x3 Die Cut Sticky Notepad-50 Sheet-Octagon



								As low as 
		$0.95

								each!







 






					8" Calculator / Ruler



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					Budget Lunch Bag



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					6 Piece Crayon Set



								As low as 
		$0.44

								each!

































Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products | National Pen
























 














  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  


















 



xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!




  Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products        Shop all Budget Friendly Products                  Shop all Budget Friendly Products         100 for $99 + 50 free   SHOP NOW       contour pens          50 for $64.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens            50 for $49.50   SHOP NOW       Cabaret Stylus Pens          150 for $73.50   SHOP NOW       Executive Cirrus Pens            100 for $59.00   SHOP NOW       DynaGrip Silver Pen          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Crystal Pen            100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Cayes Gel Pen          100 for $65.00   SHOP NOW       Opal Pen            200 for $62.00 + 100 free   SHOP NOW       Superball Pens          50 for $69.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens & Stylus Tips            100 for $68.00   SHOP NOW       Metro Gel Pens          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       TRANSLUCENT SQUIGGLE PENS              Budget promotional products from National Pen are designed to attract the right kind of attention to your business - all at prices that will comfortably fit any budget. Our cheap promotional items include a variety of customizable gifts - including many of our best-selling pens and cheap promotional pen sets. Best of all, we eliminate the guesswork and create pre-selected promotional packages that will help you to spotlight your business or organization, all while keeping more of your marketing budget intact. By offering special, budget promotional pricing on many of our most effective promotional pens, we can simplify the process of ordering custom pens to help you to target more key players in your industry. Our legendary Contour pen is included in our offerings of cheap promotional items. The Contour promotional pen delivers tremendous value with a jumbo-sized barrel, handy pocket clip, smooth-writing ink cartridge, soft rubber gripping surface, and generously-sized imprint field that can hold several lines of personalized text. Shop now and receive factory-direct pricing on these cheap promotional pens. If your tastes run a bit more contemporary, you and your clients will love our Paragon pen, which delivers sleek lines, subtle chrome accents, a polished pocket clip, gleaming low-profile barrel, and plenty of space for your customized message. Looking for combination budget promotional products? Consider the Paragon pen with stylus tip. This handy pen features all of the executive style of our standard Paragon pen but also includes a handy stylus tip that makes interfacing with any touchscreen a simple - and smudge-free, action. Or, our cheap promotional Superball pens will make you feel like you've won the lottery, as significant quantities can be had for pennies on the dollar. Again, these pens, and virtually all of the other pens within our extensive catalog of cheap promotional items, are customizable with your choice of text or graphics. When you are ready to place an order for a batch of budget-friendly products, simply contact us directly or click on the blue customize button on each individual product page. Within minutes you'll create a personalized order at an incredibly low upfront cost. Upon receiving your completed order request, we will get to work immediately and prepare your custom order for shipping in a matter of days. We invite you to customize your order with your choice of imprint - so get creative and include your business contact information, marketing or advertising message, your logo or graphics, or anything else that you feel will add value to your presentation. We will then employ sophisticated engraving or imprinting techniques to bring your creation to life! As always, you'll shop with total confidence at National Pen. We bring decades of experience and leadership to the table, and we offer a 100% quality guarantee, low factory-direct pricing, and an expansive catalog of budget promotional products. Contact us today to get started and we'll help you to assemble a customized order of cheap promotional items that will create added awareness for your brand. We look forward to working with you - after all, your image is our business!     

 












biopower operations corp - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Corp - Search Corp | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Corp



Search multiple engines for corp















Biopower




Biopower (or biopouvoir in French) is a term coined by French scholar, historian, and social theorist Michel Foucault. It relates to the practice of modern nation states and their regulation

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

BIOPOWER OPERATIONS BOPO - aol.com

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/NASDAQOTH/biopower-operations-BOPO


View the basic BOPO stock information on AOL Finance and compare BIOPOWER-OPERATIONS against other companies


Biomass, Biofuel, Biopower, and Bioenergy: Sound So Cool ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/ellen-moyer-phd/biomass-biofuel-biopower-_b...


Biomass, Biofuel, Biopower, and Bioenergy: ... "Biopower" refers to electricity generated from the burning ... Massive logging operations underway in North ...


Biopower - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Biopower


Biopower (or biopouvoir in French) ... (Kantorowicz mentions the term Corporation which would later become known to us as Capitalism, an economic category). ...


Saab launches Pure BioPower Eco Clothing Collection - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/...launches-pure-biopower-eco-clothing-collection


Saab launches Pure BioPower Eco Clothing ... Pure BioPower Eco Clothing Collection by ... Saab is a division of General Motors Corp. Saab ...


List of power stations in Oregon - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_power_stations_in_Oregon


List of power stations in Oregon. ... United States Army Corps of Engineers: 1971: The Dalles Dam: ... Evergreen Biopower LLC: Lyons, Oregon: 10:


Biopower News and Information - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/tag/biopower


Read the latest Biopower news and browse our full collection of Biopower articles, photos, press releases and related videos.


Global Hybrid Cooperation - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Global_Hybrid_Cooperation


Global Hybrid Cooperation ... Saab 9-3 BioPower Hybrid Concept ... Chrysler First Financial Services Corporation; Joint ventures and alliances:


List of power plants in the Philippines - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_power_plants_in_the_Philippines


List of power plants in the Philippines. ... SMC Consolidated Power Corp: 600: ... ^ "First Gen Eyes operations of Bubunawan Hydro by 2021.


Waste Management (corporation) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Waste_Management_(company)


Waste Management owns and operates sixteen waste-to-energy facilities and five independent power-production facilities, which specialize in collecting municipal solid ...


List of power stations in Malaysia - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_power_stations_in_Malaysia


List of power stations in Malaysia. ... Sejingkat Power Corporation Sdn Bhd, ... Kina Biopower Sdn Bhd (planning approved 2007)










Corp - Search Corp | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Corp



Search multiple engines for corp



Searches related tobiopower operations corp



biopower examples


biopower definition



quantum biopower




12345Next

Related Searches



biopower examples


biopower definition


quantum biopower




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










 BioPower Operation Corporation






BioPower Operation Corporation
















































 

















 























 





























NEXT GENERATIONZERO* EMISSION
WASTE TO GREEN ENERGY
THROUGH GASIFICATION

Gasification vs. Incineration

 Play Video
*Undetectable






BioPower Operations Corporation (Symbol: BOPO)BioPower Operations Corporation (Symbol: BOPO) is a public company focused on utilizing waste conversion technologies to convert wastes into electricity and premium renewable synthetic fuel. All WtE projects are developed through Green3Power (G3P), a 100% owned subsidiary of BioPower.ABOUT USABOUT US
G3P management team has:G3P management team has:Designed 250+ and managed the construction of 100+ 
Designed 250+ and managed the construction of 100+ solid waste management facilities including landfills, leachate and gas treatment systems, compost plants, transfer stations, sorting facilities, incinerators, waste gasification facilities, medical waste treatment facilities, and hazardous waste facilities in the USA, UAE, Kenya, Indonesia, Pakistan, Kosovo, Lebanon, and Turkey.Developed the geosynthetic lining system technology used in landfills worldwide.Developed US and GCC solid and hazardous waste regulations.Published more than 100 research papers on Solid & Hazardous Waste Management.G3P has aligned with Vanderweil Engineers, in business since 1950, to develop its Waste-to-Energy facilities worldwide.Vanderweil’s Power Group are experts at permitting, developing, designing, engineering, and commissioning power generation facilities, with thermal plants up to 540 MW and cogeneration plants to 100 MW.Learn MoreLearn MoreTECHNOLOGYTECHNOLOGY
Green3Power offers thermally efficient,Green3Power offers thermally efficient, and scalable Waste-to-Energy designs 
that convert solid waste into sustainability generated Electricity or Premium 
Liquid Renewable Synthetic Diesel Fuel by using.Gasifiers, Fischer Tropsch Process
Gasifiers, Fischer Tropsch Process and other industry standard processesStandard components used in other industries, not typically used in WtE installations, substantially improve the thermal 
efficiency and economics of the project.Proprietary process flow software optimizes thermal efficiency, minimizes ash, and improves yield of Diesel Fuel 
and/or Electricity.+Municipal Solid Wastes+Used Tires=GasificationClean EnergyLearn MoreLearn MoreCommitted to SustainabilityCommitted to Sustainability
Green3Power’s complete Air Fed Gasification SystemGreen3Power's complete Air Fed Gasification System provides clean, reliable power, and utilizes renewable resources as fuel. It consists of FIVE stages of treatment. These treatment stages are essential to the efficient and clean operation of any gasification system, and are designed to minimize the quantity of ash generated by the system, minimize the quantity of heavy metals and hazardous constituents in the flue gas, improve the energy efficiency, and provide the highest level of performance and protection for human health and the environment available in the market place. 
Learn MoreLearn More



PROJECTSPROJECTS
Project Slider  St. Lucie Countya Fischer Tropsch Reactor and Fuel Production System, and highly effective flue gas treatment system. When in full operation, the projected $228 million budget for the St. Lucie plant including insurance costs will produce approximately 64,000 gal/day of ultra-low sulfur renewable synthetic fuel and 16,000 gal/day of Naptha with projected revenues of more than $83 million annually, varying with the price of fuel. The anticipated internal rate of return on the project investment is approximately twenty percent 20% with an EBIDTA of approximately $56.0 million in Year 1. The plant will create approximately 221 direct new jobs in the St. Lucie area at the facility. Hundreds of jobs will be created during the construction of the facility and hundreds of indirect jobs will be created once the facility is in operation. The power plant will feature an effective flue gas clean up train to ensure that regulated emissions are far below the concentrations allowed under Federal air quality standards. The up-flow fluidized bed gasifiers to be used at the new facility have been in waste to energy service for more than 33 years. The project management team consists of the following team members:Learn MoreMitrovicaWhen in full operation, the new $61.55 million power plant will generate a minimum average of 9.0 MW/day of electrical power to the Grid, while earning revenues of more than $25.1 million annually. The plant will create approximately 366 new jobs in the Mitrovica area. The power plant will feature an effective flue gas clean up train to ensure that regulated emissions are far below the concentrations allowed under Kosovo, EU, and USEPA air quality standards. The rotary kiln fluidized bed gasifiers to be used at the new facility are of the type shown above and have been in waste to energy service for more than 30 years. The project management team consists of the following team members:Learn MoreKenyaGreen3Power International and Togo Technologies are well into process of developing a 144 MW, 4,800 tonnes/day (Tpd) Gasification Facility in Kakamega, Kenya. The Gasification Facility will receive approximately 4,800 Tpd of municipal solid waste, hazardous medical waste, industrial waste as well as approximately 10 tonnes/day of used tires, and generate a nameplate capacity of more than 144 MW, with available power of 120 MW, and a minimum average of 108 MW to the Grid 24 hrs/day, 365 days/yr. The Gasification Facility includes a Sorting Facility to remove recyclables and heavy metals, an in-line jacketed Waste Dryer, a Gasifier, a Cyclone to remove particulate matter from the synthesis gas, a Slagging Unit, a high efficiency, a high temperature and high pressure HRSG Boiler, a four-stage Steam Turbine/Generator, and a highly effective flue gas treatment system.Learn More
ProcessProcess
Waste-to-energyWaste-to-energy (WtE) or energy-from-waste (EfW) is the process of generating energy in the form of electricity and/or heat from the primary treatment of waste.Process Section – left list
WASTE TIPPINGSORTINGRENEWABLE FUELGASIFICATIONSYN GASELECTRICITYRENEWABLE FUELLearn MoreLearn MoreMargin:100pxPHOTOSPHOTOS
Picture Slider 
Margin:50pxVIDEOSVIDEOS
Video Slider 
Margin:30px 



















 
























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


