






Blackmore






























































lidar | redefined










Our mission is to ignite the accessibilityof 3-dimensional geospatial data. 









Blackmore's LIDAR Engine enables unsurpassed performance across the broad application space of 3D LIDAR imaging.By translating the advanced toolsets of modern radar into the optical domain, we are driving revolutionary cost and performance gains.The inherent scalability of the Blackmore approach affords us the unique ability to produce quantities in line with the growth of the autonomous driving industry. While Blackmore Inc. has become known as the first LIDAR system to enter the market with the capability of instantaneous measurement of object velocity, the Doppler field is really only the beginning of the story. Blackmore’s approach to FMCW LIDAR measurement also allows forpoint-by-point scene segmentation, single photon sensitivity, and a new paradigm for interference rejection.See the level of scene segmentation possible in this short clip -- pay close attention to the point-by-point Doppler shifts that occur as the various regions of the subject move at different speeds and in different directions.







Want to learn more?

Contact Us
















Automotive — Blackmore
























































LIDAR for Automotive






Our LIDAR Automotive Solutions  Blackmore is applying FMCW LIDAR techniques to automotive applications.This means a unique ability to instantly measure velocity by capturing Doppler data of moving objects.  See this in action below with Doppler shifts instantaneously shaded in blues and reds.  All of this data was collected in a single pass through the scene, with Doppler data processed in real time.The Blackmore LIDAR system uses only a single forward-look sensor with a horizontal field of view of about 40 degrees. Multiplexing of the scanner over the next few months will enable a much wider field of view.The Blackmore LIDAR system collects and processes data in a way that enables it to be viewed as “first person” or from any number of angles or viewpoints.  











The inherent flexibility of the approach leads to critical performance advantages and a clear pathway to mass production.



 Prototype units are expected in mid-2017. 







 




Want to learn more?

Contact Us
















Careers — Blackmore





















































CareersWe're always looking for talent






Blackmore is always seeking talented, driven candidates to boost our team.Please email a resume and cover letter to: hr@blackmoreinc.com The following positions are now open:> Manufacturing Technician > Firmware Engineer> Opto-Mechanical Design Engineer> Embedded Software Engineer> Photonics Engineer> Senior Machinist




Want to learn more?

Contact Us











Blackmore Sensors & Analytics Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























blackmore sensors & analytics inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Health Care Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Health Care Services
Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. was founded in 2015. The company's line of business includes providing commercial physical and biological research and development.




Corporate Information
Address:

3991 Valley Commons Dr
Bozeman, MT 59718
United States


Phone:
1-406-577-2310


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Trenton Berg — Blackmore















































 






Trenton Berg - Senior Software Engineer at Blackmore Inc.B.S. Computer Systems Engineering Montana State University ‘04, M.S. Electrical Engineering, Montana State University ‘09



 Trenton Berg, Senior Software EngineerMr. Trent Berg, Blackmore’s Lead Hardware Engineer, has more than a decade of experience in the fields of LIDAR, remote sensing, laser development, optical engineering, systems engineering, prototype development, laser stabilization, digital signal processing, and software / algorithm development.Mr. Berg has modeled and constructed novel pulsed mid-IR laser systems for remote gas detection. He has used advanced techniques in optical signal processing to process radar signals, which led to successful prototype tests and radar imaging of the International Space Station. More recently, Mr. Berg has pioneered the Photonics Technician program at the Gallatin College at Montana State University, where he serves as the Program Director.Mr. Berg has been instrumental in the development of the optical, electrical and mechanical systems for Blackmore’s 3D imaging systems and he has also been responsible for hardware validation during field tests.  Mr. Berg has given numerous talks and has authored several publications. Throughout his career Mr. Berg has led product development and contract efforts for a diverse set of both commercial and Government sponsored projects including the NSF, DARPA, and the DoD. 




Want to learn more?

Contact Us
















 






Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. | Government Contractor







 








 






  vdsddbecrsvcuexbyxfcst






					Government Contracts				

					Federal Agencies				



				More 





 Search






							Government Contractors							×














 
















Menu


See All Government Contractors
OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








					Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.				


OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesMorePlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.



Overview




Contracts




Categories




Products/Services




Place of Performance




Vendor Details




References










 See all Government Contractors				

 Research Guide				




Share
















Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. Government Contractor in Bozeman, MT

 






dollars obligated (Latest year)$2,285,980 United States dollarslatest fiscal year2016total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$2,285,980 United States dollarsnumber of contracts (Since FY2007)4 

 

See all Contracts for this Company See all Government Contractors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewSummaryBlackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. has worked on four contracts worth $2.29 million USD in obligations from the federal government since FY2007.The sole agency it has contracted with is the Department of Defense.

Principal Agencies
Department of Defense


Principal Category (NAICS)
Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)


Designations
Small Business, For Profit Organization, and Non-Tax Exempt Corporate Entity


Organization Type
Corporate Not Tax Exempt


Website
blackmoreinc.com 
Contact

Phone Number
(406) 577-2310
Location
How does Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. compare to other vendors?A comparison of the amount of contract awards obligated to Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. since FY2007 with other vendors in its location.Awarded far higher than average compared to  126 vendors in Zip Code 59718, MT.Awarded far higher than average compared to  6,333 vendors in Montana.Awarded far higher than average compared to all  494,387 federal vendors.


Comparison

Vendor NameTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)ZipcodeIDIDColorBlackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.$2.29 million USDZip Code 59718, MTZip Code 59718, MT Federal Contractors$21,458 USDMontana Federal Contractors$23,736 USDAll Federal Contractors$36,884 USD




ZipStateMoreZip



See all vendors from Zip Code 59718, MT ›State



See all vendors from Montana ›
 





Advertisement


ShareContractsBy Year

Fiscal YearTotal Dollars ObligatedTotal Base & All Options (Ceiling)ID20162,285,9802,285,980201700

By Date Signed



Contract SearchContracts that Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. signed from FY2007 onwards.Most Recent

ContractContract DescriptionProduct or Service (PSC)Signed DateCompletion DateAgencyDollars ObligatedPercent ObligatedIDVendor NameW9132V16C0004Type: Definitive Contract (2 years)RIF BAA - ADVANCED PRE-SHOT SNIPER DETECTION AND SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM - R&D SERVICES - U439320Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)9/16/169/29/18Department of Defense$2,285,980 USD100% obligatedN0001416C1026Type: Definitive Contract (2 years)ADVANCED 3D LADARDefense - Advanced Development (AD93)3/8/169/13/18Department of Defense$1,000,000 USD93% obligated of $1.07MFA865015C1871Type: Definitive Contract (2 years)TOMOGRAPHIC COHERENT LADAR BASED ATMOSPHERIC TURBULENCE PROFILE CHARACTERIZATION SYSTEMDefense Electronics and Communication Equipment - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AC62)7/23/1510/24/17Department of Defense$746,521 USD100% obligatedW9132V14C0002Type: Definitive Contract (3 years)- SBIR PHASE II, YEAR 2 DUAL-MODE CONTINUOUS-WAVE LADAR AND OPTICAL COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEM.  TO DEVELOP AND DELIVER A FULLY OPERATIONAL DUAL-MODE (LADAR/FSO) PROTOTYPE, INCLUDING MULTIPLE TESTS/DEMONSTRATIONS FOR REALISTIC FIELD SCENARIOS AND REASONABLE DATA TRANSFER RATES. U436420Research and Development - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AZ12)3/25/149/6/17Department of Defense$2,499,960 USD100% obligated

See all contracts for this vendor ›Related VendorsVendors with the same primary NAICS and PSC categorizations.

Title FieldTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)IDVendor NameAptima, Inc. in Woburn, MA Contracts$209 million USDAcuitus Inc. in Sunnyvale, CA Contracts$73.2 million USDInvincea, Inc. in Fairfax, VA Contracts$36.4 million USDGs Engineering, Inc. in Houghton, MI Contracts$45.7 million USDSa Photonics, Inc. in Los Gatos, CA Contracts$63.6 million USDTda Research, Inc. in Wheat Ridge, CO Contracts$65.8 million USDEo Vista, Llc in Acton, MA Contracts$6.61 million USDContinuus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in Woburn, MA Contracts$4.4 million USDParabon Nanolabs, Inc. in Reston, VA Contracts$11 million USDBurleson Research Technologies, Inc. in Morrisville, NC Contracts$8.93 million USD

Help us Improve!




Submit






Submit

 





Advertisement


ShareCategories ProcuredWhen the Federal government intends to acquire goods or services, it identifies the NAICS code that describes the principal purpose of that procurement. NAICS is production oriented (not product oriented) and categorizes businesses with others that have similar methods of production.Since FY2007, Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. has been engaged in procurements with the following NAICS codes:





Category (NAICS)Total Dollars ObligatedIDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)2,285,980

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorBlackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.$2.29 million USDAll Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712) Vendors in Montana$86,995 USDAll Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712) Vendors$98,988 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal NAICS category of Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. is Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2016), Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. was obligated a total of $2.29M, an amount that was far higher than the average vendor from Montana specializing in Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories and far higher than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this NAICS category.
Other Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories Vendors in Montana

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateS2 CorporationBozeman, MT$3.82 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Defense Electronics and Communication Equipment - Advanced Development (AC63)2016Bridger Photonics, Inc.Bozeman, MT$3.75 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Research and Development - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AZ12)2016Adelos, IncPolson, MT$2.45 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Physical Sciences - Engineering Development (AJ14)2016Advr, IncBozeman, MT$2.29 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Aeronautics and Space Technology - Basic Research (AR11)2016Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.Bozeman, MT$2.29 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)2016Resodyn CorporationButte, MT$1.79 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Defense - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AD92)2016National Center For Health Care InformaticsButte, MT$1.44 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Defense - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AD92)2011Shenandoah Solutions, Inc.Red Lodge, MT$1.2 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Defense - Advanced Development (AD93)2016Blaine Wright Inc.Whitefish, MT$498,855 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Defense Missile and Space Systems - Advanced Development (AC23)2011Sustainable Bioproducts LlcBozeman, MT$300,000 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Environmental Sciences - Advanced Development (AJ33)2016Pine Ridge Products LlcBelt, MT$247,433 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Defense Electronics and Communication Equipment - Basic Research (AC61)2012Sunburst Sensors, LlcMissoula, MT$210,049 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Research and Development - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AZ12)2016Rightpsi, Inc.Bozeman, MT$150,000 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Manufacturing Technology - Engineering Development (AE34)2015Veridical Research And DesignBozeman, MT$124,484 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Engineering - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AJ42)2010Global Technology Enterprises, Inc.Bozeman, MT$121,118 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Aeronautics and Space Technology - Basic Research (AR11)2016Proof Research, Inc.Columbia Falls, MT$86,995 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)2016IntellimetMissoula, MT$69,479 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Environmental Sciences - Advanced Development (AJ33)2010Anasphere, IncBelgrade, MT$24,230 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Aeronautics and Space Technology - Basic Research (AR11)2016Peter D BillmanBozeman, MT$13,122 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Professional Services (R499)2016Todd UlizioWhitefish, MT$11,466 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Wildlife Studies (B534)2009Western Alaska Sport Fishing, Inc.Hardin, MT$10,000 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Lease/Rental of Other Residential Buildings (X169)2009Elizabeth Ann BauerFlorence, MT$4,500 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Life Sciences - Basic Research (AJ51)2016Peter LesicavdsddbecrsvcuexbyxfcstMissoula, MT$3,855 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Natural Resources and Conservation Services (F099)2015Joel A SmithRonan, MT$2,986 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Professional Services (R499)2015Alison A ReckBelgrade, MT$2,487 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Wildlife Studies (B534)2014

See all Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712) Vendors in Montana › 

 


InsideGov is a government research site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from government data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareProducts/Services ProcuredProduct Service Codes (PSC) describe products, services, and research and development (R&D) purchased by the federal government. These codes indicate what was bought for each contract action reported in the Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS).Since FY2007, Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. has been engaged in procurements categorized by the following PSCs:





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDResearch and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)2,285,980Research and Development - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AZ12)0Defense - Advanced Development (AD93)0Defense Electronics and Communication Equipment - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AC62)0

DestinationThe dollars obligated to Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. to fulfill procurements by PSC, along with the federal agencies that procured them. Hover over the visualization for more detail.





Product or ServiceTotal Dollars ObligatedIDResearch and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)2,285,980Research and Development - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AZ12)0Defense - Advanced Development (AD93)0Defense Electronics and Communication Equipment - Applied Research/Exploratory Development (AC62)0

Comparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorBlackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.$2.29 million USDAll Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11) Vendors in Montana$86,995 USDAll Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11) Vendors$99,983.50 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal Product or Service Code (PSC) of Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. is Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2016), Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. was obligated a total of $2.29M, an amount that was far higher than the average vendor from Montana specializing in Research and Development - Basic Research and far higher than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this PSC.
Other Research and Development - Basic Research Vendors in Montana

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateBlackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.Bozeman, MT$2.29 million USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)2016Proof Research, Inc.Columbia Falls, MT$86,995 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)2016Cyberneutics IncPolebridge, MT-$539 USDResearch and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Biotechnology) - except nanotechnology research and experimental development laboratories (541712)Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11)2012

See all Research and Development - Basic Research (AZ11) Vendors in Montana › 





Advertisement


SharePlace of Performance
The locations of the principal plant or place of business where Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. in Bozeman, MT has had their items produced, supplied from stock, or services performed since FY2007.


ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



Congressional District



State






ZipcodesZip Code 59715, MT and Zip Code 22315, VACongressional DistrictsMontana's at-large congressional district and Virginia's 8th congressional districtStatesVirginia and Montana
 

 







ShareVendor DetailsVisit the full company profile of Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc.vdsddbecrsvcuexbyxfcst.Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. 

sales volume (Estimated)$258,826 United States dollarsyear founded2015total employees6employees at this location6


Overview Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. is a commercial physical research company in Bozeman. This private company was founded in 2015.Revenue The organization generates $258,826 in estimated sales.Employees Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. employs 6 people. In Bozeman, an average company has between 2 and 27 employees, meaning that Blackmore Sensors And Analytics, Inc. employs a typical amount of people.
 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: USASpending.gov, D&B, Rob J Hyndman, and Localeze. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 












Randy Reibel | Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc | Email CEO @blackmoreinc.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc





blackmoreinc.com





3991 Valley Commons                 
                 
Bozeman, MT 59718
Phone: 406-577-2310
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

20 - 49

Revenue: 

Not Available

Industry:  
                    Consumer Products                
SIC Code:  
                     5199  - Nondurable Goods, Nec
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All AudioVideo
CDN
CMS










Vimeo
n 2004, Vimeo was founded by a group of filmmakers who wanted to share their creative work and personal moments from their lives. As time went on, likeminded people discovered Vimeo and helped build a supportive community of individuals with a wide range of passions. Today, millions of people from all around the world enjoy Vimeo, and we






Vimeo CDN
In 2004, Vimeo was founded by a group of filmmakers who wanted to share their creative work and personal moments from their lives. 






Squarespace
Squarespace



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            December 13, 2016 - Funding/Financing
Amount$3.5 Million (USD)RoundALead InvestorNext Frontier CapitalSpending OnMiniaturize its FMCW lidar engine/deliver affordable/high-performance lidar sensors to the automotive and surveillance marketsLead InvestorMillennium Technology Value Partners
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Randy Reibel                                    

Title: CEO








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                1                                

                                    of 10 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc, is in the Consumer products industry. Their main office can be found in Bozeman, MT, and they can be contacted through Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc email using the domain @blackmoreinc.com format, some important contact information like linkedin data, phone numbers, contacts for cfos, etc of which can be found on their Lead411 profile.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@blackmoreinc.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Randy Reibel
Randy Reibel is Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc's CEO. Their CEO is Randy Reibel. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Consumer products industry. If you're checking for Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @blackmoreinc.com email format and possibly Randy Reibel's email. Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc is based in Bozeman, MT. You can also get Randy Reibel's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Consumer products category.  Some possible email formats for Randy Reibel are RReibel@blackmoreinc.com, Randy.Reibel@blackmoreinc.com, Randy@blackmoreinc.com, and Randy_Reibel@blackmoreinc.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@blackmoreinc.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Ambassador Carpet Cleaning
Lead411 offers quality contact information on a variety of companies including that of Ambassador Carpet Cleaning's CEO . The company profile also contains facebook info, linkedin accounts, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and Ambassador Carpet Cleaning email addresses with the domain format of @ambassadorcarpetcleaningmt.com. Ambassador Carpet Cleaning, is in the Consumer products field.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ambassadorcarpetcleaningmt.com addresses.
Beartooth Radio, INC
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Beartooth Radio, Inc, a Consumer products company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Beartooth Radio, Inc's CEO , and other Beartooth Radio, Inc email format addresses within the @beartooth.com domain. Beartooth Radio, Inc is based in Bozeman, MT.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@beartooth.com addresses.
Big Sky RV
Big Sky RV, is a company that works within the Consumer products. This Bozeman, MT-based business. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Big Sky RV email format addresses with the @bigskyrv.com domain as well as quality contact info regarding Big Sky RV's CEO . They have their head office in Bozeman, MT.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@bigskyrv.com addresses.




Company Directory > Blackmore Sensors and Analytics Inc










































Blackmore Sensors Analytics, Inc Jobs, Employment in Bozeman, MT | Indeed.com




Skip to Job Postings, SearchClose






Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job







Upload your resume


Sign in







:







What
Where





Advanced Job Search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip



















Blackmore Sensors Analytics, Inc jobs in Bozeman, MT


Filter results by:
Sort by: relevance -
date

Distance:

Exact location only
within 5 miles
within 10 miles
within 15 miles
within 25 miles
within 50 miles
within 100 miles





Salary Estimate




$20,000+ (170)

$25,000+ (133)

$30,000+ (95)

$35,000+ (77)

$60,000+ (37)






Job Type




Full-time (210)

Part-time (27)

Commission (8)

Contract (2)






Location




Bozeman, MT (193)

Livingston, MT (21)

Belgrade, MT (18)

Gallatin Gateway, MT (1)
Blackmore Sensors Analytics, Inc jobs nationwide






Company




Lowe's Inc. (15)

Arby's | Carisch Inc. (12)

Town & Country Foods Inc. (11)

Macy's (9)

Taco Bell | CLC Restaurants Inc. (9)

Merry Maids | Janitor Inc. (MT) (9)

Easter Seals-Goodwill Northern Rocky Mountain, Inc (9)

PrintingForLess.com Inc (8)

Zoot Enterprises, Inc. (6)

Workiva Inc. (6)

Healthcare Services Group (6)

Republic Services (6)

Xcentric (5)

Noodles & Company | Apple Core Enterprises Inc. (5)

Harbor Freight Tools USA, Inc. (4)

more »




Experience Level




Entry Level (184)

Mid Level (26)

Senior Level (4)










Jobs 1 to 10 of 233

 Upload your resume - Let employers find you








Telecommunications and Network Analyst




Montana State University

 - 

78 reviews
 - Bozeman, MT 59717

$17.88 - $33.00 an hour


Copyright ©2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. Telecommunications and Network Analyst....



Sponsored - 18 hours ago   -  save job








Sterilization Technician



Xtant Medical, Inc.

 - Bozeman, MT


Summary:  Xtant Medical is seeking a qualified individual to join our team. Prior biomedical experience is not required. *Job Responsibilities and Duties: 



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








Project Manager / Electrical Construction




Encore Electric, Inc.

 - 

19 reviews
 - Bozeman, MT


ENCORE ELECTRIC IS A GREAT PLACE TO WORK & HAS A 4+ RATING ON GLASSDOOR & INDEED! We focus on delivering a wide array of electrical construction projects and



Sponsored - save job









Entry-Level Environmental Scientist




Woodard & Curran


 - 

23 reviews
 - Bozeman, MT





At Woodard & Curran, there’s nothing we love more than a tough engineering challenge. We handle a wide range of water and environmental issues—solving complex


26 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Woodard & Curran jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Entry Level Scientist salaries in Bozeman, MTLearn more about working at Woodard & CurranWoodard & Curran questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How do you feel about the future of Woodard & Curran?How would you describe the pace of work at Woodard & Curran?Related forums: Woodard & Curran - Bozeman, Montana










Content Moderator



Kudos & Co


 - Bozeman, MT 59715



$15 - $19 an hour


Kudos & Co, Inc - develops a safe photo-sharing app for kids is currently recruiting for Content Moderators. This is an ideal opportunity for parents/caregivers...


 Easily apply


5 hours ago   -  save job - more...

View all Kudos & Co jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsRelated forums: Bozeman, Montana - Kudos










Sterilization Technician



Xtant Medical, Inc.


 - Bozeman, MT





Summary:  Xtant Medical is seeking a qualified individual to join our team. Prior biomedical experience is not required. *Job Responsibilities and Duties: 


 Easily apply


9 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Xtant Medical, Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Sterile Processing Technician salaries in Bozeman, MTRelated forums: Bozeman, Montana










Systems Analyst



Zoot Enterprises, Inc.


 - Bozeman, MT 59718





Overview: Zoot provides comprehensive, robust, and flexible credit decisioning, loan origination, and credit risk management solutions to fit our clients’


 Easily apply


5 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Zoot Enterprises, Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Systems Analyst salaries in Bozeman, MTRelated forums: Bozeman, Montana - Systems Analyst










Customer Service Rep




Glacier Bancorp, Inc.


 - 

2 reviews
 - Bozeman, MT
 +1 location




Big Sky Western Bank Customer Service Representative Location: 106 E Babcock, Bozeman, MT. Hours: Full-Time / 40 hrs per week Hours will vary Monday –


7 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Glacier Bancorp, Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Customer Service Representative salaries in Bozeman, MTLearn more about working at Glacier Bancorp, Inc.Related forums: Customer Service Representative - Bozeman, Montana










Customer Service Representative



Bozeman Independent Agency, Inc.


 - Bozeman, MT





full time and/or part time position Answer phones, assist agents in writing and servicing policies. Strong background in customer service preferred - no


 Easily apply


6 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Bozeman Independent Agency, Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Customer Service Representative salaries in Bozeman, MTRelated forums: Customer Service Representative - Bozeman, Montana










Youth Case Manager



AWARE Inc.


 - Bozeman, MT



$13.75 an hour


_It is the policy of AWARE, Inc. It is also the policy of AWARE, Inc. Individuals who are interested in the position, and believe they meet specific job...


 Easily apply


11 hours ago   -  save job - more...

View all AWARE Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Case Manager salaries in Bozeman, MTLearn more about working at Aware Inc.Related forums: Bozeman, Montana










Influencer Marketing Manager



Zoot Enterprises, Inc.


 - Bozeman, MT 59718





Overview: As the Influencer Marketing Manager, your primary responsibilities will be to develop creative, aggressive and strategic global influencer campaigns


 Easily apply


6 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Zoot Enterprises, Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Marketing Manager salaries in Bozeman, MTRelated forums: Bozeman, Montana










Production Team Members




Gibson Brands Inc.


 - 

4 reviews
 - Bozeman, MT





Gibson Brands, Inc. Production Team Members. We are seeking career-oriented individuals who desire to become a part of a world-class manufacturing team....


13 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Gibson Brands Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Production Associate salaries in Bozeman, MTLearn more about working at Gibson Brands Inc.Related forums: Bozeman, Montana










Overnight Freight and Stocking Crew




Lowe's Inc.


 - 

19,142 reviews
 - Bozeman, MT





Position is Full time with Benefits Overnight freight and stocking crew . Hours approximately 9p-6a Sun-Thursday. Responsible for distributing and stocking


Lowe's - 5 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Lowe's Inc. jobs in Bozeman, MT - Bozeman jobsSalary Search: Replenishment Associate salaries in Bozeman, MTLearn more about working at Lowe's Inc.Lowe's Inc. questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How are the working hours?Why did you leave your job at Lowe's?Related forums: Bozeman, Montana - Lowe's












Youth Therapist - Bozeman, MT



Youth Dynamics

 - Bozeman, MT 59715


*Are you looking to be part of a driven and dynamic team, helping youth and their families in your local community?! Do you have the skills necessary to meet



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








Processing Technician



Xtant Medical, Inc.

 - Bozeman, MT


Summary: Xtant Medical is seeking a qualified individual to join our Processing team! Prior biomedical experience is a positive, but not required. *Why



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








            Never miss a job. Get new jobs emailed to you daily.






Be the first to see new Blackmore Sensors Analytics, Inc jobs in Bozeman, MT














My email: 




Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me



You can cancel email alerts at any time.






Results Page:  1  2  3  4  5   Next »


Related Forums:
Customer Service Representative
 - Systems Analyst

- Bozeman, Montana



Salaries in Bozeman, MT:
Customer Service Representative salary
 - Systems Analyst salary

 




Be the first to see new Blackmore Sensors Analytics, Inc jobs in Bozeman, MT














My email: 


Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me





You can cancel email alerts at any time.





Company with Blackmore Sensors Analytics, Inc jobs








Encore Electric, Inc.

Encore provides design/build and design/assist services including extensive pre-construction cost analysis and constructability reviews.







Jobs (2)
Reviews (19) 

Photos (5)
Salaries (95)













Indeed helps people get jobs: Over 10 million stories sharedJobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - Work at Indeed - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms



























Blackmore Sensors and Analytics, Inc. | SBIR.gov



















Skip to main content






HomeCompany Details 
Blackmore Sensors and Analytics, Inc.










Printer-friendly version









Address

            3991 Valley Commons DrBozeman, MT, 59718-6651 http://blackmoreinc.com 




Information



DUNS:
080158881


# of Employees:
6







Ownership Information



Hubzone Owned:
N


Socially and Economically Disadvantaged:
N


Woman Owned:
N









Award Charts

                          Company currently does not have any award associated.
                      




Award Listing

            Company currently does not have any award associated.          


















Agency Micro-sites

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 







An Official Website of the United States Government















Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 







































































MontanaWorks Login



Search Jobs



Senior Machinist






Senior Machinist






BLACKMORE SENSORS AND ANALYTICS INC

Job Details:Job #:10292746Location:3991 VALLEY COMMONS DRIVE BOZEMAN, MT 59718Open Date:06/22/2017Close Date:07/24/2017Duration:Over 150 DaysOpenings:1Hours:Full-timeBenefits:An excellent benefits package is included with employment.

Job Description:Description: Blackmore Sensors and Analytics, Inc. seeks a Senior Machinist to contribute to their product manufacturing efforts. Blackmore develops lidar engines, sensors, and analytics for both defense and commercial markets.

Your primary responsibilities would include: Fabricating prototype and production parts using CNC and manually-operated tools, validating quality and correctness of fabricated parts, maintaining and upgrading the companys machine shop capabilities, working with the engineering team to optimize the manufacturability of designs, and mentoring junior machinists.

Please note that these are required:
Associates Degree
5+ years of professional experience as a machinist
Proficiency programming and operating CNC mills and lathes
Working knowledge of manually-operated machine-shop tools

It would be really cool if you had some of these: 
Experience with Tormach PCNC Milling Machines 
Experience with modeling and cam in Autodesk Fusion 360
Experience pertaining to 4th and 5th axis machining strategies
Experience in rapid prototyping

Here are some additional details:
This is a full-time job. Pay will be hourly and Based on Experience. Occasional travel may be necessary.  
Pay is commensurate with your education, experience, and skills. We offer excellent benefits.
Blackmore is an Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, familial status, or national origin. Must meet eligibility requirements to work in the United States.

About Blackmore Sensors and Analytics, Inc.: Blackmore is a leader in developing compact and robust frequency-modulated continuous wave (FMCW) lidar imaging and its supporting analytic tools software. Blackmores core technology brings the advanced toolsets of modern radar into the optical domain enabling a new era of unprecedented lidar systems performance. Blackmores technology is ideal for a variety of intense, mission critical, automotive, military and industrial environments, where common traditional EO/IR sensors and direct detect 3D imagers are limited by cost and performance specifications. Blackmore is located in Bozeman, Montana.

							












How to Apply
You must be logged in to view informationon how to apply.

Occupational Wage Information
For more information visit lmi.mt.gov.






Montana Department of Labor & Industry





Session ExpiredYour session has expired.
								Back










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Analytics : Social Innovation : Hitachi




















Skip to main content




Search

U.S.A.

Hitachi GroupProducts & Services
Hitachi GroupCorporate Information









Sitemap
Contact Information


About Social Innovation

Solutions

Case Studies
Events





Site Top
Solutions
Analytics




Analytics "THE FUTURE IS OPEN TO SUGGESTIONS" 





Analytics

				Use analytics to lead your successful digital transformation.
            





					Data analytics extracts insights  from large amounts of data and turns it into value.
					We at Hitachi can help you move through the digital  transformation of your business.
				





                        Digital transformation is essential for companies to continually enhance their corporate value. This shift combines analysis and simulation, reflecting real world scenarios in a digital context. The process dramatically accelerates the actualization of business ideas and is the foundation of continuous improvement.
                    

                        Data analytics create new value by extracting insights  from large amounts of data. Repeating these analytics in short cycles allows you to further accelerate the speed of your improvements and gain new abilities, ultimately leading to significant innovations.
                    

                        At Hitachi, we support digital transformation through long-term co-creation with our clients. It’s part of our commitment to you to solve your business problems and create new value.
                    





                    Our analytics are already accelerating the digital transformation of clients in many business fields.
                

                	Engineering work and expertise can now be automated and passed on to others through digitization and data analytics.
				





                        Engineering expertise plays a vital role in optimizing manufacturing work and formulating production plans. But because it is highly specialized, this knowledge has always been difficult to define and apply to wider, more efficient uses. Now, through the continuous analysis made possible by Hitachi analytics, your company is able to automate and digitize this expertise to use it in more areas of your business. For example, we helped a manufacturing company digitally reproduce 86%  of the work involved in formulating production plans that was previously done by proficient  engineers. As a result, they were able to raise quality and shorten development cycles in more areas of their business.   It’s just one of the many challenges Hitachi has taken on as we continue to find new opportunities in automation.
                    





                	Facilities and equipment serve as the foundation of many industries. You can implement effective prevention and maintenance measures by discovering early signs of failure through an analysis of operational data.
				





                        All businesses rely on the efficiency of their facilities and equipment. In order to operate at the highest efficiency, organizations must minimize the downtime caused by malfunctions and other factors. With analytics, we’re able to proactively predict failures by collecting and analyzing the data from these operational technologies. By implementing prevention and maintenance measures before mishaps occur, we can help make the best operational use of facilities, equipment and even whole businesses.
                    





					Damages from increasing numbers of security breaches can be minimized by time series analysis of a wide variety of data.
                





                        According to the report, Global State of Information Security , worldwide security incidents increased 38% in 2015 compared to the previous year. These breaches result in an astounding economic loss of hundreds of billion dollars per year. To help protect you from these catastrophic damages, our first step is to determine the causes of security threats. We do this with time series analysis through a comprehensive process that merges a variety of data from many different sources of information.
                    





                   Hitachi’s analytics are supported by diverse technologies and physical support
                

					Our Data Analytics Meister Service helps customers create innovation through a group of experts who possess both business knowledge and data analysis intelligence.
                

                    Big data is big business. Hitachi helps you use big data to grow in the new digital economy by starting with a deeper understanding of advanced analysis products and information and communications technology (ICT) products. But we don’t stop there. In addition to this innovative analytics approach, Hitachi also provides consulting through our Data Analytics Meister Service.
					Our Data Analytics Meister—a specialist in big data utilization—gives you a full walkthrough of the analytics process from start to finish. 
					This comprehensive service advances through four phases:
				

                   (1) Design a vision and set a goal.
				   (2) Formulate a utilization scenario, in which a scenario for realizing the vision is developed—clarifying the value that will be created.
				   (3) Verify the practical use in which the data analysis method is established and its efficacy is verified.
				   (4) Implement the system, to apply the final execution. Our team works closely with you to help you through every stage of the analytics process.




					Pentaho is an analytics solution that integrates operational data and big data, enabling you to analyze your business from all angles.
                

					Pentaho analytics integrates a wide variety of data—from internal and external data to the vast amount of data collected through the internet of things (IoT)—and makes it available on demand for analysis. This solution aggregates all of the data into a “data lake,” and quickly provides a simple-format summary. It also offers a 360 degree analysis that helps users in different parts of your organization to quickly make the best possible decisions from accurate information.
				




					“Hitachi AI Technology” investigates large volumes of data to uncover effective hypotheses.
                

					Through years of research, Hitachi has developed an artificial intelligence technology that is creating real value for our customers. By conducting analysis beyond the limits of human capabilities, Hitachi AI Technology helps you uncover hypotheses and unimaginable solutions.
				







Learn more about Hitachi Solutions






SECURITY








ANALYTICS








AI








ROBOTICS






Water


Energy


Manufacturing


Life & Economy


R&D


Transportation


Urban Development







Page top









 Disclaimer and copyrights 

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

© Hitachi, Ltd. 1994, 2017. All rights reserved.



















