


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Municipal Bonds - Products | BlackRock US
























 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 
























 


Municipal Bonds: Three reasons to consider investing










Why municipals?

Income: Municipal bonds continue to represent an attractive source of income, despite much-talked-about tax reform and its potential implications.
Quality and diversification: With an average rating of AA, the muni market remains of high quality and the asset class has a negative correlation to equities, making them effective portfolio diversifiers.
Value:The "price gap" between Election Day and today is where opportunity may reside.

SEE WHY MUNIS MAKE SENSE






 







“

Municipal bonds help you keep more of what you earn given their tax-exempt nature.
”


 Peter Hayes, Head of BlackRock's Municipal Bonds Group




Peter Hayes








Why BlackRock for municipals?
The fixed income quality you expect at a low cost

Established Quality and Performance: 7 of our municipal bond funds delivered 1st quartile Morningstar performance over 10 years.†
Competitive Value: 7 of our municipal bond funds are priced in the least expensive quartile.‡ 
The BlackRock Advantage: As one of the largest and most experienced municipal bond managers, our insight, access and technology has helped investors pursue their goals.

SEE THE NUMBERS






 


Consider these Muni opportunities





MANLX

National Municipal Fund
A national municipal strategy with a history of attractive tax-advantaged income and strong results, investing in high quality bonds.
  Learn more about MANLX

 Learn more about MANLX

 


MAMTX

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund
An adaptable strategy that seeks to provide tax-advantaged income in diverse environments.
  Learn more about MAMTX

 Learn more about MAMTX

 







Consider these Muni opportunities


MANLX

National Municipal Fund


MAMTX

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund















National Municipal Fund

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund




 Highlights 
Investor guide




Quarterly commentary
Monthly commentary










 

Other BlackRock municipal bond solutions


 iShares National Muni Bond ETF

iShares National Muni Bond ETF

 

 BlackRock Managed Accounts

BlackRock Managed Accounts

 
















 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.







†As of 3/31/2017. Source: Morningstar. All data is based on the institutional share class of the funds. BlackRock manages a total of 8 open-end municipal mutual funds. Rankings are based on the total return excluding sales charge. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
 
To obtain more information on the funds including the other Morningstar time period rankings, please visit: California Municipal Opportunities Fund, High Yield Municipal Fund, National Municipal Fund, New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund, Short-Term Municipal Fund, Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund, New York Municipal Opportunities Fund, Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund.
 
‡ As of 03/31/17. Source: Morningstar. Analysis based only on institutional shares of BlackRock active fixed income funds vs. institutional shares of active fixed income funds within their respective Morningstar categories. Expenses are based on the funds’ most recent prospectus net expense ratios, excluding investment dividend expense, interest expense, and certain other fund expenses. Morningstar category net expense ratio also excludes these expenses. Includes active open-end tax-free fixed income mutual funds only, and excludes index funds. 7 out of 8 of BlackRock's active tax-free fixed income funds are in the lowest fee quartile. Based on 8 BlackRock tax-free funds. Institutional shares may not be available to all retail investors. Performance for different share classes may vary.
 






The performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Performance data current to the most recent month end may be obtained by visiting the products' respective overview pages.






Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses or, if available, the summary prospectuses which may be obtained visiting the iShares ETF and BlackRock Mutual Fund prospectus pages. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.






Fixed income risks include interest-rate and credit risk. Typically, when interest rates rise, there is a corresponding decline in bond values. Credit risk refers to the possibility that the bond issuer will not be able to make principal and interest payments.






The funds may use derivatives to hedge its investments or to seek to enhance returns. Derivatives entail risks relating to liquidity, leverage and credit that may reduce returns and increase volatility.






There may be less information on the financial condition of municipal issuers than for public corporations. The market for municipal bonds may be less liquid than for taxable bonds. Some investors may be subject to federal or state income taxes or the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT). Capital gains distributions, if any, are taxable.






Prepared by BlackRock Investments, LLC, member FINRA.






©2017 BlackRock, Inc. All Rights Reserved. BLACKROCK is a registered trademark of BlackRock, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.






135481





















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.82
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-2.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				









Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Wed Jul 26 12:07:33 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 














Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















	CEF Types & Strategies: Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds | Nuveen















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Strategies



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity










			Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds
			


		About Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt

		Tax-exempt municipal bonds are debt issued by a state, city, or other municipality for general governmental needs or to finance special
		projects. These municipal bonds pay interest that is free from regular federal income tax, and state-specific bonds can provide residents
		of those states with income free from state and, in some cases, local income taxes as well.* Tax-exempt municipal bonds can be an
		advantageous alternative to taxable investments, particularly for investors in higher tax brackets. To make a fair comparison between
		a tax-free investment like a municipal bond and a taxable investment, one should adjust the tax-free investment's yield to account
		for money saved in regular federal, and sometimes state, income tax.
	

* Interest on out-of-state bonds and dividends paid by national funds may be subject to state and local taxes. Income may also be
			subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax.



				About Nuveen Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Closed-End Funds

				Nuveen offers several national tax-exempt municipal bond closed-end funds, and as well as state-specific funds focusing 15 different states. Municipal Closed-End
				Funds can potentially help you balance your desire for income and growth by:

Meeting current expenses with monthly tax-free income;
Potentially realizing attractive, long-term, after-tax total returns;
Diversifying your income portfolio;
Reducing the amount of your investment income subject to taxes.


				The Tax-Free Advantage






						Tax-Free Yield
					






						4%
					

						5%
					

						6%
					

						7%
					

						8%
					





Tax Rate


Taxable Equivalent Yield




						25%
					

						5.33%
					

						6.67%
					

						8.00%
					

						9.33%
					

						10.67%
					



						28%
					

						5.56%
					

						6.94%
					

						8.33%
					

						9.72%
					

						11.11%
					



						33%
					

						5.97%
					

						7.46%
					

						8.96%
					

						10.45%
					

						11.94%
					



						35%
					

						6.15%
					

						7.69%
					

						9.23%
					

						10.77%
					

						12.31%
					



						39.6%
					

						6.62%
					

						8.28%
					

						9.93%
					

						11.59%
					

						13.25%
					



				You can see you would need to earn much more from a taxable investment to match a municipal bond's after-tax yield. For instance,
				if your fund is yielding 5.00% tax-free and your tax rate is
				28%, you would need a taxable investment to yield 6.94% to match the same after-tax cash flow. 
			

This chart is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to reflect past or predict future performance 
				for any particular investment. They do not take into account the effects of the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT) 
				or capital gains taxes.  This information is general in nature and should not be considered tax advice.  
				Nuveen is not a tax advisor and investors should consult with a qualified tax consultant as to their particular 
				situation.






						Investor Profile

						Are these CEFs right for you?

						The features and investment objectives of these funds might be especially appealing to investors seeking:


							Potential for attractive, monthly tax-free income

							Diversification of a portfolio otherwise comprised of taxable fixed-income
							and equity securities

							Reduction of the amount of investment income subject to taxes.


						What are potential risks?


							Municipal bond fund income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will
							be subject to capital gains tax.

							Municipal bonds are subject to interest rate risk, or the risk
							that the bonds will decline in value because of changes in market interest rates.

							Municipal bonds are also subject to call risk, and credit risk.









			Nuveen's Municipal Bond Closed-End Funds


Select a national fund...
Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAD
Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund-NZF
Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Value Fund-NEV
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Municipal Term Fund-NID
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Quality Municipal Term Fund-NIQ
Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund-NHA
Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund-NMZ
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund-NVG
Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NEA
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NUV
Nuveen Municipal Income Fund, Inc.-NMI
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXP
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 2-NXQ
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 3-NXR
Nuveen Select Maturities Municipal Fund-NIM
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund-NUW




Select a state fund...
Nuveen Arizona Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAZ
Nuveen California Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAC
Nuveen California AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKX
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NCA
Nuveen California Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXC
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund 2-NCB
Nuveen Connecticut Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTC
Nuveen Georgia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKG
Nuveen Maryland Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMY
Nuveen Massachusetts Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMT
Nuveen Michigan Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUM
Nuveen Minnesota Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMS
Nuveen Missouri Quality Municipal Income Fund-NOM
Nuveen New Jersey Quality Municipal Income Fund-NXJ
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund-NJV
Nuveen New York Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAN
Nuveen New York AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NRK
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NNY
Nuveen New York Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXN
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund 2-NYV
Nuveen North Carolina Quality Municipal Income Fund-NNC
Nuveen Ohio Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUO
Nuveen Pennsylvania Quality Municipal Income Fund-NQP
Nuveen Pennsylvania Municipal Value Fund-NPN
Nuveen Texas Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTX
Nuveen Virginia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NPV
























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.

	14831-INV-AN-03/17




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds




















	Page Not Found | Nuveen Investments































Nuveen Investments













Page Not Found

The page you are trying to reach is unavailable.
Please visit the Nuveen.com Home page or try to find the page you are looking for with the search page.


Additional Starting Pages
In addition to the Nuveen.com Home page, there are several other locations on the site from which to start.


Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts




Literature Center
Featured Commentary
Videos
Retirement Solutions
Knowledge Center















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Before investing, carefully consider fund investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus or summary prospectus.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.












	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds






























Tax-Efficient Solutions | Columbia Threadneedle Investments














Welcome to our website for Financial Advisors. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.








Contact Us
Help








                    Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation
   









Menu




Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)








Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video







Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors







Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video







Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video







About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center







Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video























Contact Us
Help





Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home












 



Resources
Investor Goals 
Tax Efficiency












Tax Efficiency






















Municipal bonds may help maximize your clients' after-tax returns. Help counteract rising taxes with tax-efficient solutions from Columbia Threadneedle Investments.

Your clients have worked too hard building their wealth to lose it to taxes. And in the current financial climate, what you keep is more important than what you earn. Fortunately municipal bonds can help offset higher taxes while providing attractive yields. Discover ways to maximize your clients’ investment returns while preserving their capital with more tax-efficient* solutions.
Solutions for Tax Efficiency




Columbia Short Term Municipal Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Short

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund seeks to minimize the fluctuation of principal with the potential to deliver an attractive level of income through investing in short-term investment-grade municipal securities.
Benefits

Emphasizes stability of net asset value and preservation of capital
Barbell approach limits volatility and provides liquidity while striving to enhance income
Diversifies across a wide range of issuers, sectors and geographical regions




Columbia AMT-Free Intermediate Muni Bond Fund
Morningstar Category: Muni National Interm

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund strives to deliver strong total returns with an emphasis on capital preservation by identifying relative value opportunities and managing risks through independent, fundamental credit research.
Benefits

Focuses on intermediate maturities to offer attractive yields with lower duration than longer maturities
Invests in lower rated, investment-grade municipal bonds for enhanced income
Adds value by actively managing structural components such as maturity, quality, sector and coupon relative to fund’s index






Columbia High Yield Municipal Fund
Morningstar Category: High Yield Muni

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
				This fund aims to deliver a high level of income and price appreciation — with an emphasis on risk management — through investments in higher yielding, lower quality securities.
Benefits

Offers above average liquidity in the form of cash and higher quality securities
Disciplined risk-management process sets restrictions on concentration and volatile credit exposure
Less sensitive to interest rate changes than high-quality counterparts





































 Award-Winning Investor Newsletter






Recognized by industry peers as best-in-class for mutual fund marketing and communications,1 our Investor Newsletter features timely economic trends, investment strategies and solutions, and more.
Read the current issue



1The Mutual Fund Education Alliance STAR Awards competition recognizes excellence in mutual fund marketing and communications. Materials were evaluated on educational value, message comprehension, effective design and stated objectives. The Columbia Threadneedle Investor Newsletter won best Retail Electronic Newsletter in the Large Plus Asset Level category in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2016.
 












































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                        a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help








































About Us | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home























 










About Us











As a leading global asset manager, our consistent, collaborative investment approach allows you to deliver the dependable experience your clients demand.
Investors want strong, repeatable risk-adjusted returns. Consistency — not surprises. So, how do we deliver a consistent investment experience?
Better insights
Our talented investment teams work together to uncover investment insights from around the world. By sharing knowledge across asset classes and geographies we generate richer perspectives on global, regional and local investment landscapes.
Better decisions
We foster a culture of diversity. The ability to exchange and debate investment ideas in a collaborative and diverse environment enriches our teams’ investment processes. More importantly, it results in better informed investment decisions for our clients.
Better outcomes
Our broad range of investment strategies and solutions are designed to meet the evolving needs of financial advisors like you, and your clients.


The sum of our parts
Two is stronger than one — a fact reinforced in 2015 when Columbia Management and London-based Threadneedle Investments came together as Columbia Threadneedle Investments. By combining our global insight, research capabilities and investment expertise, you and your clients have access to the best of both firms.



Combined strengths:

Proprietary research
Conducted on a global scale, we're able to identify opportunities and navigate challenging markets.

Global insight
With investment teams around the world, our local access provides global insight to investment trends and news.

Tailored solutions
It's our ability to apply the right balance of expertise, research and risk-aware thinking that allows us to identify appropriate solutions or design new ones.

Educational resources
From timely blog posts and fund updates to our Learning Center and client-friendly materials, find resources for both you and your clients.

Business support
Your dedicated wholesaler partner provides the support you need to grow your business and master market and product knowledge.





19
Number of countries with office locations spanning North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East


 


454
Billions of dollars in client assets* under management1


15
Recognized as a top 15 manager of long-term mutual fund assets in the U.S.2


 


51
Total number of funds rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar3


2000+
Total number of employees, including over 450 dedicated investment professionals





















Videos


































Leadership

View All Leadership








Press Center



Columbia Threadneedle Investments Launches Equity Income Smart Beta ETFs
Boston
June 13, 2016



Columbia Threadneedle Investments Named Title Partner of Boston Triathlon
Boston
May 19, 2016



Barron's: Blue Chip Dividend Payers
Boston
May 13, 2016



Columbia Threadneedle Investments to Acquire Emerging Global Advisors
Boston
May 11, 2016
































Disclosures

1 In U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2016. Source Ameriprise Q2 Earnings Release. Includes all assets managed by entities in the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. Contact us for more current data.
2Source: ICI as of December 31, 2016 for Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC.
3The Overall Morningstar Rating is as of December 31, 2016 and for Class Z shares. Out of 101 Z-share Columbia funds rated by Morningstar, 18 funds received a 5-star Overall Rating and 33 funds received a 4-star Overall Rating. Class Z shares are sold at net asset value and have limited eligibility. Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. offers multiple share classes, not all necessarily available through all firms, and the share class ratings may vary. Contact us for details. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a retail mutual fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. For share classes that do not have a 3-, 5- or 10-year actual performance history, the fund’s independent Morningstar Rating metric is then compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating.
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ used to rank the fund against other funds in the same category. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, without any adjustments for loads (front-end, deferred, or redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star (each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages).
The Morningstar RatingTM is for Class Z shares only; other classes may have different performance characteristics and may have different ratings.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible or any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.

























                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help















Apache Tomcat/7.0.55 - Error report HTTP Status 500 - TivoliCode=0133 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/about-us/our-philosophy/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|rQEO23zn/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 93: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/about-us/our-philosophy/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|rQEO23zn/type Exception reportmessage TivoliCode=0133 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/about-us/our-philosophy/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|rQEO23zn/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 93: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/about-us/our-philosophy/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|rQEO23zn/description The server encountered an internal error that prevented it from fulfilling this request.exception java.lang.RuntimeException: TivoliCode=0133 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/about-us/our-philosophy/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|rQEO23zn/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 93: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/about-us/our-philosophy/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|rQEO23zn/
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.logErrorAndThrowRuntimeException(HttpRequestData.java:157)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.getURIFromRequest(HttpRequestData.java:57)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.<init>(HttpRequestData.java:46)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.ra.Servlet.doGet(Servlet.java:162)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:620)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:727)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
note The full stack trace of the root cause is available in the Apache Tomcat/7.0.55 logs.Apache Tomcat/7.0.55Apache Tomcat/7.0.55 - Error report HTTP Status 500 - TivoliCode=0084 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|idqljxax/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 69: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|idqljxax/type Exception reportmessage TivoliCode=0084 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|idqljxax/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 69: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|idqljxax/description The server encountered an internal error that prevented it from fulfilling this request.exception java.lang.RuntimeException: TivoliCode=0084 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|idqljxax/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 69: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|idqljxax/
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.logErrorAndThrowRuntimeException(HttpRequestData.java:157)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.getURIFromRequest(HttpRequestData.java:57)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.<init>(HttpRequestData.java:46)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.ra.Servlet.doGet(Servlet.java:162)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:620)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:727)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
note The full stack trace of the root cause is available in the Apache Tomcat/7.0.55 logs.Apache Tomcat/7.0.55





















Financial Professionals | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home























Solutions you can trust, in markets you can’t.
Because consistency is a beautiful thing.
Why it matters

Find a Mutual Fund








Which events could move markets in 2017?

VIEW TOP 6








 











Filter by:
View all



Domestic Equity



International
                            Equity 


Asset
                            Allocation / Alternative



Taxable Fixed
                            Income 


Tax-Exempt
                            Fixed Income 


Money Market



Share:

 















INVESTOR GOALS

View all






 
Generate Income





 

Generate Income
Give your clients the opportunity to retire with confidence.








 
Interest Rates





 

Navigate Rates
Position your clients for success with strategies that can navigate changing interest rates.








 
Tax Efficiency





 

Tax Efficiency
Help your clients keep more of what they earn.








 
Asset Growth





 

Grow Assets
Find smarter, faster ways to grow your clients' assets.








 
Manage Volatility





featured
 

Manage Volatility
Help protect your clients' savings and withstand market volatility.
























MY FUNDS


Edit my fund list







Select funds to display





Cancel


Save





Create a customized list so you can track and watch your funds.
Choose Funds

            NOTE: Your fund selections will be automatically saved for you using browser cookies. If you clear your
            cookies or use a different computer or browser to access this page, you will not see your saved fund
            selections.
        










Perspectives



 | 
View more



Stay informed on industry news and trends with insights from our thought leaders.

















New & Noteworthy
View capital gains View distribution calendar































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help
















Apache Tomcat/7.0.55 - Error report HTTP Status 500 - TivoliCode=0084 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/about-us/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|RPHeysU0/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 78: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/about-us/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|RPHeysU0/type Exception reportmessage TivoliCode=0084 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/about-us/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|RPHeysU0/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 78: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/about-us/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|RPHeysU0/description The server encountered an internal error that prevented it from fulfilling this request.exception java.lang.RuntimeException: TivoliCode=0084 FESA-COMMON-E102000: Could not create request from HttpServletRequest because URI was invalid (/rendering-application/about-us/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|RPHeysU0/). URISyntaxException message is: Illegal character in path at index 78: http://www.columbiathreadneedleus.com/rendering-application/about-us/cid=mkwid|nf8GkUYu_dc|pcrid|77103269872008|pkw|+blackrock +municipal|pmt|bb|slid|RPHeysU0/
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.logErrorAndThrowRuntimeException(HttpRequestData.java:157)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.getURIFromRequest(HttpRequestData.java:57)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.common.http.HttpRequestData.<init>(HttpRequestData.java:46)
	com.ameriprise.web.fesa.ra.Servlet.doGet(Servlet.java:162)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:620)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:727)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
note The full stack trace of the root cause is available in the Apache Tomcat/7.0.55 logs.Apache Tomcat/7.0.55





















About Us | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home























 










About Us











As a leading global asset manager, our consistent, collaborative investment approach allows you to deliver the dependable experience your clients demand.
Investors want strong, repeatable risk-adjusted returns. Consistency — not surprises. So, how do we deliver a consistent investment experience?
Better insights
Our talented investment teams work together to uncover investment insights from around the world. By sharing knowledge across asset classes and geographies we generate richer perspectives on global, regional and local investment landscapes.
Better decisions
We foster a culture of diversity. The ability to exchange and debate investment ideas in a collaborative and diverse environment enriches our teams’ investment processes. More importantly, it results in better informed investment decisions for our clients.
Better outcomes
Our broad range of investment strategies and solutions are designed to meet the evolving needs of financial advisors like you, and your clients.


The sum of our parts
Two is stronger than one — a fact reinforced in 2015 when Columbia Management and London-based Threadneedle Investments came together as Columbia Threadneedle Investments. By combining our global insight, research capabilities and investment expertise, you and your clients have access to the best of both firms.



Combined strengths:

Proprietary research
Conducted on a global scale, we're able to identify opportunities and navigate challenging markets.

Global insight
With investment teams around the world, our local access provides global insight to investment trends and news.

Tailored solutions
It's our ability to apply the right balance of expertise, research and risk-aware thinking that allows us to identify appropriate solutions or design new ones.

Educational resources
From timely blog posts and fund updates to our Learning Center and client-friendly materials, find resources for both you and your clients.

Business support
Your dedicated wholesaler partner provides the support you need to grow your business and master market and product knowledge.





19
Number of countries with office locations spanning North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and the Middle East


 


454
Billions of dollars in client assets* under management1


15
Recognized as a top 15 manager of long-term mutual fund assets in the U.S.2


 


51
Total number of funds rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar3


2000+
Total number of employees, including over 450 dedicated investment professionals





















Videos


































Leadership

View All Leadership








Press Center



Columbia Threadneedle Investments Launches Equity Income Smart Beta ETFs
Boston
June 13, 2016



Columbia Threadneedle Investments Named Title Partner of Boston Triathlon
Boston
May 19, 2016



Barron's: Blue Chip Dividend Payers
Boston
May 13, 2016



Columbia Threadneedle Investments to Acquire Emerging Global Advisors
Boston
May 11, 2016
































Disclosures

1 In U.S. dollars as of December 31, 2016. Source Ameriprise Q2 Earnings Release. Includes all assets managed by entities in the Columbia and Threadneedle group of companies. Contact us for more current data.
2Source: ICI as of December 31, 2016 for Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC.
3The Overall Morningstar Rating is as of December 31, 2016 and for Class Z shares. Out of 101 Z-share Columbia funds rated by Morningstar, 18 funds received a 5-star Overall Rating and 33 funds received a 4-star Overall Rating. Class Z shares are sold at net asset value and have limited eligibility. Columbia Management Investment Distributors, Inc. offers multiple share classes, not all necessarily available through all firms, and the share class ratings may vary. Contact us for details. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a retail mutual fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. For share classes that do not have a 3-, 5- or 10-year actual performance history, the fund’s independent Morningstar Rating metric is then compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating.
For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ used to rank the fund against other funds in the same category. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly excess performance, without any adjustments for loads (front-end, deferred, or redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star (each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages).
The Morningstar RatingTM is for Class Z shares only; other classes may have different performance characteristics and may have different ratings.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible or any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.

























                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help

















Municipal Bonds - Products | BlackRock US
























 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 
























 


Municipal Bonds: Three reasons to consider investing










Why municipals?

Income: Municipal bonds continue to represent an attractive source of income, despite much-talked-about tax reform and its potential implications.
Quality and diversification: With an average rating of AA, the muni market remains of high quality and the asset class has a negative correlation to equities, making them effective portfolio diversifiers.
Value:The "price gap" between Election Day and today is where opportunity may reside.

SEE WHY MUNIS MAKE SENSE






 







“

Municipal bonds help you keep more of what you earn given their tax-exempt nature.
”


 Peter Hayes, Head of BlackRock's Municipal Bonds Group




Peter Hayes








Why BlackRock for municipals?
The fixed income quality you expect at a low cost

Established Quality and Performance: 7 of our municipal bond funds delivered 1st quartile Morningstar performance over 10 years.†
Competitive Value: 7 of our municipal bond funds are priced in the least expensive quartile.‡ 
The BlackRock Advantage: As one of the largest and most experienced municipal bond managers, our insight, access and technology has helped investors pursue their goals.

SEE THE NUMBERS






 


Consider these Muni opportunities





MANLX

National Municipal Fund
A national municipal strategy with a history of attractive tax-advantaged income and strong results, investing in high quality bonds.
  Learn more about MANLX

 Learn more about MANLX

 


MAMTX

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund
An adaptable strategy that seeks to provide tax-advantaged income in diverse environments.
  Learn more about MAMTX

 Learn more about MAMTX

 







Consider these Muni opportunities


MANLX

National Municipal Fund


MAMTX

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund















National Municipal Fund

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund




 Highlights 
Investor guide




Quarterly commentary
Monthly commentary










 

Other BlackRock municipal bond solutions


 iShares National Muni Bond ETF

iShares National Muni Bond ETF

 

 BlackRock Managed Accounts

BlackRock Managed Accounts

 
















 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.







†As of 3/31/2017. Source: Morningstar. All data is based on the institutional share class of the funds. BlackRock manages a total of 8 open-end municipal mutual funds. Rankings are based on the total return excluding sales charge. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
 
To obtain more information on the funds including the other Morningstar time period rankings, please visit: California Municipal Opportunities Fund, High Yield Municipal Fund, National Municipal Fund, New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund, Short-Term Municipal Fund, Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund, New York Municipal Opportunities Fund, Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund.
 
‡ As of 03/31/17. Source: Morningstar. Analysis based only on institutional shares of BlackRock active fixed income funds vs. institutional shares of active fixed income funds within their respective Morningstar categories. Expenses are based on the funds’ most recent prospectus net expense ratios, excluding investment dividend expense, interest expense, and certain other fund expenses. Morningstar category net expense ratio also excludes these expenses. Includes active open-end tax-free fixed income mutual funds only, and excludes index funds. 7 out of 8 of BlackRock's active tax-free fixed income funds are in the lowest fee quartile. Based on 8 BlackRock tax-free funds. Institutional shares may not be available to all retail investors. Performance for different share classes may vary.
 






The performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Performance data current to the most recent month end may be obtained by visiting the products' respective overview pages.






Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses or, if available, the summary prospectuses which may be obtained visiting the iShares ETF and BlackRock Mutual Fund prospectus pages. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.






Fixed income risks include interest-rate and credit risk. Typically, when interest rates rise, there is a corresponding decline in bond values. Credit risk refers to the possibility that the bond issuer will not be able to make principal and interest payments.






The funds may use derivatives to hedge its investments or to seek to enhance returns. Derivatives entail risks relating to liquidity, leverage and credit that may reduce returns and increase volatility.






There may be less information on the financial condition of municipal issuers than for public corporations. The market for municipal bonds may be less liquid than for taxable bonds. Some investors may be subject to federal or state income taxes or the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT). Capital gains distributions, if any, are taxable.






Prepared by BlackRock Investments, LLC, member FINRA.






©2017 BlackRock, Inc. All Rights Reserved. BLACKROCK is a registered trademark of BlackRock, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.






135481
















Municipal Bond Trust | BBK


























 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 

























Filter list by keyword
Show All
Show Fewer
to
of
Total
Sorry, no data available.






BBK



Municipal Bond Trust





Fact Sheet


Press Release

 









Fixed Income




Fact Sheet


Press Release

 





BBK



Municipal Bond Trust









NAV as of 25-Jul-2017


$16.22





52 WK: 15.30 - 17.89




1 Day NAV Change as of 25-Jul-2017



-0.03
(-0.18%)







Morningstar Rating


4



Overall Morningstar Rating for Municipal Bond Trust as of 30-Jun-2017 rated against 64 Muni National Long Funds.












Market Price as of 25-Jul-2017


$15.67






1 Day Price Change as of 25-Jul-2017



-0.09
(-0.57%)






Distribution Rate as of 25-Jul-2017


4.86%






Premium Discount as of 25-Jul-2017


-3.39%













Overview






Investment Approach
BlackRock Municipal Bond Trust’s (BBK) (the 'Trust') investment objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax. The Trust
seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing primarily in municipal bonds exempt from regular federal income taxes (except that the interest may
be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax). The Trust invests, under normal market conditions, at least 80% of its assets in municipal bonds that
are investment grade quality. The Trust may invest directly in such securities or synthetically through the use of derivatives.No assurance can be given that the Trust’s investment objective will be achieved.




Next:
Previous:









Performance

 Performance




Returns








Average Annual


Cumulative


Calendar Year







as of 

30-Jun-2017 

31-May-2017 

30-Apr-2017 

31-Mar-2017 

28-Feb-2017 

31-Jan-2017 

31-Dec-2016 

30-Nov-2016 

31-Oct-2016 

30-Sep-2016 

31-Aug-2016 

31-Jul-2016 

30-Jun-2016 

31-May-2016 

30-Apr-2016 

31-Mar-2016 

29-Feb-2016 

31-Jan-2016 

31-Dec-2015 

30-Nov-2015 

31-Oct-2015 

30-Sep-2015 

31-Aug-2015 

31-Jul-2015 

30-Jun-2015 

31-May-2015 

30-Apr-2015 

31-Mar-2015 

28-Feb-2015 

31-Jan-2015 

31-Dec-2014 

30-Nov-2014 

31-Oct-2014 

30-Sep-2014 

31-Aug-2014 

31-Jul-2014 

30-Jun-2014 

31-May-2014 

30-Apr-2014 

31-Mar-2014 

28-Feb-2014 

31-Jan-2014 

31-Dec-2013 









 

1y 

3y 

5y 

10y 

Incept. Performance data for certain classes of shares of certain funds are based on pre-class inception information dating back to an older class of fund shares. This information may be considered when assessing a fund&#39;s performance, but it does not represent actual performance of these classes of shares. The inception date noted under Key Fund Facts is the date the class of shares was incepted. See fund prospectus or fact sheet for details.






NAV Total Return (%) 
Total return represents changes to the NAV and accounts for distributions from the fund.



-3.20


6.55


6.64


7.26


7.98




Market Price Total Return (%) 
Market price return represents changes to the fund’s closing market price on its primary exchange and accounts for distributions from the fund.



-6.86


6.36


4.82


5.70


7.41






Missing average annual returns data 







as of 

30-Jun-2017 

31-May-2017 

30-Apr-2017 

31-Mar-2017 

28-Feb-2017 

31-Jan-2017 

31-Dec-2016 

30-Nov-2016 

31-Oct-2016 

30-Sep-2016 

31-Aug-2016 

31-Jul-2016 

30-Jun-2016 

31-May-2016 

30-Apr-2016 

31-Mar-2016 

29-Feb-2016 

31-Jan-2016 

31-Dec-2015 

30-Nov-2015 

31-Oct-2015 

30-Sep-2015 

31-Aug-2015 

31-Jul-2015 

30-Jun-2015 

31-May-2015 

30-Apr-2015 

31-Mar-2015 

28-Feb-2015 

31-Jan-2015 

31-Dec-2014 

30-Nov-2014 

31-Oct-2014 

30-Sep-2014 

31-Aug-2014 

31-Jul-2014 

30-Jun-2014 

31-May-2014 

30-Apr-2014 

31-Mar-2014 

28-Feb-2014 

31-Jan-2014 

31-Dec-2013 









 
YTD
1m
1y
3y
5y
10y
Incept. Performance data for certain classes of shares of certain funds are based on pre-class inception information dating back to an older class of fund shares. This information may be considered when assessing a fund&#39;s performance, but it does not represent actual performance of these classes of shares. The inception date noted under Key Fund Facts is the date the class of shares was incepted. See fund prospectus or fact sheet for details.






NAV Total Return (%) 
Total return represents changes to the NAV and accounts for distributions from the fund.



5.82


-


-3.20


20.95


37.92


101.49


220.45




Market Price Total Return (%) 
Market price return represents changes to the fund’s closing market price on its primary exchange and accounts for distributions from the fund.



4.68


-


-6.86


20.30


26.54


74.05


195.60






Missing cumulative returns data 







as of 

30-Jun-2017 

31-May-2017 

30-Apr-2017 

31-Mar-2017 

28-Feb-2017 

31-Jan-2017 

31-Dec-2016 

30-Nov-2016 

31-Oct-2016 

30-Sep-2016 

31-Aug-2016 

31-Jul-2016 

30-Jun-2016 

31-May-2016 

30-Apr-2016 

31-Mar-2016 

29-Feb-2016 

31-Jan-2016 

31-Dec-2015 

30-Nov-2015 

31-Oct-2015 

30-Sep-2015 

31-Aug-2015 

31-Jul-2015 

30-Jun-2015 

31-May-2015 

30-Apr-2015 

31-Mar-2015 

28-Feb-2015 

31-Jan-2015 

31-Dec-2014 

30-Nov-2014 

31-Oct-2014 

30-Sep-2014 

31-Aug-2014 

31-Jul-2014 

30-Jun-2014 

31-May-2014 

30-Apr-2014 

31-Mar-2014 

28-Feb-2014 

31-Jan-2014 

31-Dec-2013 









 
 2012

 2013

 2014

 2015

 2016






NAV Total Return (%) 
Total return represents changes to the NAV and accounts for distributions from the fund.


18.76
-7.36
24.01
5.96
0.01



Market Price Total Return (%) 
Market price return represents changes to the fund’s closing market price on its primary exchange and accounts for distributions from the fund.


16.07
-13.52
23.60
7.75
2.18





Missing calendar year returns data 






The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. 
Returns are shown net of advisory fees paid by the fund and net of the fund’s operating fees and expenses. Investors who purchase shares of the fund through an investment adviser or other financial professional may separately pay a fee to that service provider. Past performance is not indicative of future results.






Growth of Hypothetical $10,000 The growth of hypothetical $10,000 chart reflects a hypothetical $10,000 investment and assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains. Fund expenses, including management fees and other expenses were deducted.





Performance chart data not available for display.




View full chart





Performance chart data not available for display.


The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted, and numbers may reflect small variances due to rounding. Standardized performance and performance data current to the most recent month end may be found in the Performance section.





Distributions 






Interactive chart displaying fund performance. Javascript is required.







View full chart



 




Recent


Calendar Year









Chart




Table









Interactive chart displaying fund performance. Javascript is required.










Custom Columns





Ex-Date 






Payable Date 






Record Date 






Total Distribution 






Return of Capital 









Ex-Date


Payable Date


Record Date


Total Distribution Current year distributions are not classified as “Income,” “Short-Term Capital Gains,” “Long-Term Capital Gains,” or “Return of Capital” until approximately 60 days following calendar year-end.


Return of Capital
















Chart




Table









Interactive chart displaying fund performance. Javascript is required.










Custom Columns





Year 






Total Distribution 









Year


Total Distribution Current year distributions are not classified as “Income,” “Short-Term Capital Gains,” “Long-Term Capital Gains,” or “Return of Capital” until calendar year-end.











Past distributions are not indicative of future distributions.

If a Fund estimates that it has distributed more than its income and net realized capital gains in the current fiscal year; a portion of its distribution may be a return of capital. A return of capital may occur, for example, when some or all of a shareholder's investment is paid back to the shareholder. A return of capital distribution does not necessarily reflect a Fund's investment performance and should not be confused with 'yield' or 'income'. When distributions exceed total return performance, the difference will reduce the Fund's net asset value per share. Although the character of income will not be determined until the end of the fund’s fiscal year, please refer to the 'Closed-End Fund Resources' section of the BlackRock website for Section 19 notices that provide estimated amounts and sources of the fund's distributions, which should not be not be relied upon for tax reporting purposes. A Form 1099-DIV for the calendar year will be sent to shareholders to illustrate how the Fund’s distributions should be reported for federal income tax purposes.


 
The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted, and numbers may reflect small variances due to rounding. Standardized performance and performance data current to the most recent month end may be found in the Performance section.














Key Facts

 
Key Facts



Net Assets

as of 25-Jul-2017



$170,628,199




Managed Assets

as of 25-Jul-2017



$272,931,932.35




Share Class launch date




30-Apr-2002




Exchange




New York Stock Exchange Inc.




Asset Class




Fixed Income




Morningstar Category




Muni National Long




Lipper Classification




Gen & Ins Leveraged




CUSIP




09249H104




Management Fee




1.01%




Gross Expense Ratio




1.77%




Shares Outstanding

as of 25-Jul-2017



10,521,587




Number of Holdings

as of 30-Jun-2017



198




Premium/Discount
The amount the Fund is trading above or below the reported NAV expressed as a percentage of NAV. When the Fund’s closing price is greater than the Fund’s NAV, it is said to be trading at a &quot;Premium&quot; and the percentage is expressed as a positive number. When the Fund’s closing price is less than the Fund’s NAV, it is said to be trading at a &quot;Discount&quot; and the percentage is expressed as a negative number. Closing price is determined using the last traded price on the Fund’s listed exchange and NAV is calculated daily (usually 4:00pm eastern time).

as of 25-Jul-2017



-3.39%




3m Avg Volume

as of 31-Mar-2017



24,670.00









Portfolio Characteristics 

 
Portfolio Characteristics 



Distribution Rate
The annual yield an investor would receive if the most recent fund distribution and current fund price stayed the same going forward. It is calculated by annualizing the most recent distribution and dividing by the fund&#39;s market price from the as-of-date. The distribution rate may include a return of capital. Please refer to the &quot;Closed-End Fund Resources&quot; section of the BlackRock website for Section 19 notices that provide estimated amounts and sources of the fund&#39;s distributions, which should not be relied upon for tax reporting purposes.

as of 25-Jul-2017



4.86%




Tax Equiv. Yield
Tax equivalent yield (TEY) is used by investors to compare yields on taxable and tax-exempt securities after accounting for taxes. TEY represents the yield a taxable bond would have to earn in order to match, after taxes, the yield available on a tax-exempt municipal bond.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Tax Equivalent Yield (TEY) = Tax Free Municipal Bond Yield/(1 - Tax Rate*)&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;For example, an investor in the 43.4% tax bracket would have to earn a yield of 3.53% on a taxable bond to match a 2.00% yield on a tax-exempt security.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;The highest Federal individual income tax rate of 43.4% is assumed.

as of 21-Jul-2017



8.55%




Yield to Maturity
Yield to Maturity (YTM) is the discount rate that equates the present value of a bond&#39;s cash flows with its market price (including accrued interest). The Fund Average YTM is the weighted average of the fund&#39;s individual bond holding YTMs based upon Net Asset Value (&#39;NAV&#39;). The measure does not include fees and expenses. For callable bonds, YTM is the yield-to-worst.

as of 30-Jun-2017



6.33%




Yield to Worst
The average rate of return of the portfolio at current market prices, adjusting for optionality.

as of 30-Jun-2017



4.62%




Average Coupon

as of 30-Jun-2017



3.93%




Effective Duration
Effective Duration measures the sensitivity of the price of a bond with or without embedded options to changes in interest rates, taking into account the likelihood of the bond being called, put and/or sunk prior to its final maturity date while incorporating after-tax impacts on the bond. The options-based duration model used by BlackRock employs certain assumptions and may differ from other fund complexes. Effective Duration is measured at the individual bond level, aggregated to the portfolio level, and adjusted for leverage, hedging transactions and non-bond holdings, including derivatives.&lt;br /&gt;As the method for calculating duration in municipal bond funds changed as of Sept. 26, please see the &#39;Literature&#39; section for more information on that measure.

as of 30-Jun-2017



12.92 yrs




WAL to Maturity

as of 30-Jun-2017



26.99 yrs




Leverage
The amount of borrowed funds used to purchase assets in order to enhance returns.

as of 30-Jun-2017



$102,375,084.00




% Leveraged
The relative amount of total managed assets financed through leverage.

as of 30-Jun-2017



37.65%




% AMT Bonds
Amount of assets in the portfolio that are Alternative Minimum Tax bonds, relative to the total managed assets. These are bonds subject to the federal alternative minimum tax, a separate tax computation that creates a tax liability after allowed deductions.

as of 30-Jun-2017



7.83%




% Insured
Amount of assets in the portfolio that have their principal and interest backed by an additional entity in the form of insurance, relative to the total managed assets.

as of 30-Jun-2017



9.03%














Ratings

 Ratings



Morningstar Rating

Overall Municipal Bond Trust received a Morningstar Rating of 4 stars for the 3-year period, 4 stars for the 5-year period and 4 stars for the 10-year period, rated against 64, 60 and 56 Muni National Long Funds, respectively. Performance results represent past performance and are no guarantee of future results.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;For each U.S.-domiciled fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar RatingTM based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund&#39;s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive five stars, the next 22.5% receive four stars, the next 35% receive three stars, the next 22.5% receive two stars and the bottom 10% receive one star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted-average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Morningstar Ratings are for the share classes cited only; other classes may have different ratings.

4


Overall Morningstar Rating for Municipal Bond Trust, -, as of 30-Jun-2017 rated against 64 Muni National Long Funds. 






























Holdings 

 Holdings 




Top





as of 30-Jun-2017






Name


Weight (%)






NEW JERSEY ECONOMIC DEV AUTH ECONO 6.5 04/01/2028


3.30




RIB 3.5 NYCUTL 64972GBQ6 5 06/15/2047


2.51




CHAFFEY CALIF UN HIGH SCH DIST 5.25 08/01/2047


2.19




MIAMI-DADE CNTY FLA SEAPORT RE 6 10/01/2031


1.84




LOS ANGELES CNTY CALIF MET TRA 5 07/01/2038


1.83








Name


Weight (%)






DRIVER 2.35 ATLUTL 047870NF3 5 05/01/2023


1.71




SEWARD CNTY KANS UNI SCH DIST 5 09/01/2039


1.68




TOB 3.55 NYC 64966LST9 4 08/01/2022


1.62




MIDLAND CNTY TEX FRESH WTR SUP 0 09/15/2038


1.61




PINAL CNTY ARIZ ELECTRICAL DIS 4.75 07/01/2031


1.56





















Exposure Breakdowns

 

Exposure Breakdowns 



Geography


Sector


Maturity


Credit Quality


Call Exposures








States


Countries


Regions









as of 30-Jun-2017


% Notional Value
% of Notional Exposures is a breakdown designed to represent a fund’s ownership of both traditional fixed income securities and derivatives including, but not limited to, futures, options and swap contracts. For traditional fixed income securities, there is no difference between the market value and the notional exposure. For derivatives, the notional exposure represents the exposure to the underlying assets plus the value of the financing (or lending) associated with the implementation of these derivatives. The sum of all exposures (both market value and notional exposure) is equal to the fund’s net asset value (open-end) or net managed assets (closed-end). Net Derivatives represents the approximate net notional value of the longs less the short derivatives held in the fund. 







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer












as of 30-Jun-2017


% Notional Value
% of Notional Exposures is a breakdown designed to represent a fund’s ownership of both traditional fixed income securities and derivatives including, but not limited to, futures, options and swap contracts. For traditional fixed income securities, there is no difference between the market value and the notional exposure. For derivatives, the notional exposure represents the exposure to the underlying assets plus the value of the financing (or lending) associated with the implementation of these derivatives. The sum of all exposures (both market value and notional exposure) is equal to the fund’s net asset value (open-end) or net managed assets (closed-end). Net Derivatives represents the approximate net notional value of the longs less the short derivatives held in the fund. 







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer












as of 30-Jun-2017


% Notional Value
% of Notional Exposures is a breakdown designed to represent a fund’s ownership of both traditional fixed income securities and derivatives including, but not limited to, futures, options and swap contracts. For traditional fixed income securities, there is no difference between the market value and the notional exposure. For derivatives, the notional exposure represents the exposure to the underlying assets plus the value of the financing (or lending) associated with the implementation of these derivatives. The sum of all exposures (both market value and notional exposure) is equal to the fund’s net asset value (open-end) or net managed assets (closed-end). Net Derivatives represents the approximate net notional value of the longs less the short derivatives held in the fund. 







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer
















as of 30-Jun-2017


% Notional Value
% of Notional Exposures is a breakdown designed to represent a fund’s ownership of both traditional fixed income securities and derivatives including, but not limited to, futures, options and swap contracts. For traditional fixed income securities, there is no difference between the market value and the notional exposure. For derivatives, the notional exposure represents the exposure to the underlying assets plus the value of the financing (or lending) associated with the implementation of these derivatives. The sum of all exposures (both market value and notional exposure) is equal to the fund’s net asset value (open-end) or net managed assets (closed-end). Net Derivatives represents the approximate net notional value of the longs less the short derivatives held in the fund. 







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer














as of 30-Jun-2017


% Notional Value
% of Notional Exposures is a breakdown designed to represent a fund’s ownership of both traditional fixed income securities and derivatives including, but not limited to, futures, options and swap contracts. For traditional fixed income securities, there is no difference between the market value and the notional exposure. For derivatives, the notional exposure represents the exposure to the underlying assets plus the value of the financing (or lending) associated with the implementation of these derivatives. The sum of all exposures (both market value and notional exposure) is equal to the fund’s net asset value (open-end) or net managed assets (closed-end). Net Derivatives represents the approximate net notional value of the longs less the short derivatives held in the fund. 







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer













as of 30-Jun-2017


% Notional Value
% of Notional Exposures is a breakdown designed to represent a fund’s ownership of both traditional fixed income securities and derivatives including, but not limited to, futures, options and swap contracts. For traditional fixed income securities, there is no difference between the market value and the notional exposure. For derivatives, the notional exposure represents the exposure to the underlying assets plus the value of the financing (or lending) associated with the implementation of these derivatives. The sum of all exposures (both market value and notional exposure) is equal to the fund’s net asset value (open-end) or net managed assets (closed-end). Net Derivatives represents the approximate net notional value of the longs less the short derivatives held in the fund. 







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer






The fund itself has not been rated by an independent rating agency. Credit quality ratings on underlying securities of the fund are received from S&P, Moody’s and Fitch and converted to the equivalent S&P major rating category. This breakdown is provided by BlackRock and takes the median rating of the three agencies when all three agencies rate a security the lower of the two ratings if only two agencies rate a security and one rating if that is all that is provided. Unrated securities do not necessarily indicate low quality. Below investment-grade is represented by a rating of BB and below. Ratings and portfolio credit quality may change over time.









as of 30-Jun-2017







Type
Fund



Show All
Show Fewer









Notional value represents a fund’s use of derivatives, including but not limited to futures, options, and swaps. This value captures the fund exposures as if the derivative was replaced with the underlying asset and the corresponding financing or lending, such that all exposures sum to the net asset value. For non-derivatives, the market value and the notional value are identical. Allocations are subject to change.































Portfolio Managers

 Portfolio Managers









Ted Jaeckel, CFA

Head Portfolio Manager, Municipal Mutual Fund

    


Read More


Theodore R. Jaeckel, Jr., CFA, Managing Director, is a member of Americas Fixed Income within Alpha Strategies. He is head portfolio manager on the Municipal Mutual Fund Desk.
 
He is also a member of BlackRock's Municipal Bond Operating Committee, which oversees all municipal bond portfolio management, research and trading activities.
 
Mr. Jaeckel's service with the firm dates back to 1991, including his years with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM), which merged with BlackRock in 2006. At MLIM, he was a portfolio manager for municipal bond alternative and high yield strategies. Prior to joining MLIM, Mr. Jaeckel was a municipal bond trader with Chemical Bank.
 
Mr. Jaeckel earned a BA degree in history from Hamilton College in 1981.









Walter O'Connor, CFA

Managing Director is a Co-head and Portfolio Manager for the Municipal Bond Funds team

  


Read More


Walter O'Connor, CFA, Managing Director, is a member of Americas Fixed Income within Alpha Strategies. He is head Portfolio Manager on the Municipal Mutual Fund Desk. He is also a member of the Municipal Bond Operating Committee, which oversees all municipal bond portfolio management, research and trading activities.
Mr. O'Connor's service with the firm dates back to 1991, including his years with Merrill Lynch Investment Managers (MLIM), which merged with BlackRock in 2006. At MLIM, he was a portfolio manager for municipal bond retail mutual funds. Prior to joining MLIM, Mr. O'Connor was with Prudential Securities, where he was involved in trading, underwriting, and arbitrage for municipal securities and financial futures.
 Mr. O'Connor earned a BA degree in finance and philosophy from the University of Notre Dame in 1984.






Portfolio Manager







Literature

 
Literature
 

























 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.






Important Information

 

Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses which may be obtained by visiting the SEC Edgar database. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.


Common shares for most of the closed-end funds identified above are only available for purchase and sale at current market price on a stock exchange. A closed-end fund’s dividend yield, market price and NAV will fluctuate with market conditions. The information for these funds is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell Fund shares.


Performance results reflect past performance and are no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted. All returns assume reinvestment of all dividends. The market value and net asset value (NAV) of a fund's shares will fluctuate with market conditions. Closed-end funds may trade at a premium to NAV but often trade at a discount.  The fund is actively managed and its characteristics will vary. Stock and bond values fluctuate in price so the value of your investment can go down depending on market conditions. International investing involves special risks including, but not limited to political risks, currency fluctuations, illiquidity and volatility. These risks may be heightened for investments in emerging markets. Fixed income risks include interest-rate and credit risk. Typically, when interest rates rise, there is a corresponding decline in bond values. Credit risk refers to the possibility that the bond issuer will not be able to make principal and interest payments. Principal of mortgage- or asset-backed securities normally may be prepaid at any time, reducing the yield and market value of those securities. Obligations of US govt. agencies are supported by varying degrees of credit but generally are not backed by the full faith and credit of the US govt. Non-investment-grade debt securities (high-yield/junk bonds) may be subject to greater market fluctuations, risk of default or loss of income and principal than higher rated securities. Investments in emerging markets may be considered speculative and are more likely to experience hyperinflation and currency devaluations, which adversely affect returns. In addition, many emerging securities markets have lower trading volumes and less liquidity. The fund may use derivatives to hedge its investments or to seek to enhance returns. Derivatives entail risks relating to liquidity, leverage and credit that may reduce returns and increase volatility. There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The Fund is subject to numerous risks, including investment risks. Shares of closed-end funds often trade at a discount from their net asset value. The Fund is not a complete investment program and you may lose money investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund may not be appropriate for all investors.  The amounts and sources of distributions reported in any notices are only estimates and are not being provided for tax reporting purposes. The actual amounts and sources of the amounts for tax reporting purposes will depend upon the Fund's investment experience during the remainder of its fiscal year and may be subject to change based on tax regulations. The Fund will send a Form 1099-DIV for the calendar year that will tell how to report these distributions for federal income tax purposes. Yields are based on income earned for the period cited and on the Fund's NAV at the end of the end of the period.  Some investors may be subject to the alternative minimum tax (AMT).   Some BlackRock funds make distributions of ordinary income and capital gains at calendar year end. Those distributions temporarily cause extraordinarily high yields. There is no assurance that a fund will repeat that yield in the future. Subsequent monthly distributions that do not include ordinary income or capital gains in the form of dividends will likely be lower.


The Funds are distributed by BlackRock Investments, LLC (together with its affiliates, “BlackRock”).


©2016 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BLACKROCK and BUILD ON BLACKROCK are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.


CEF-0248



















Literature Library | BlackRock
























 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 





































 

Filter By














 
 










 




You must enter at least two characters 


Search by keyword


 





















 









86
Search Results







Sort By:

Default
Document Name
Date






Items per page:


10
20
30



 

1 of 9
2 of 9
3 of 9
4 of 9

...
9 of 9

 










0 items selected





Download 



 
Download



Please select at least one document


You have selected to download 3 items:


Total Size:  



You have reached the 10MB download limit, please remove some documents from your selection.


Download




 Email



 
Email



Please select at least one document


You have selected to email  items:




0 item(s) unavailable for emailing [Show]




You have reached the email character limit, please remove some documents from your selection.


Send





 Subscribe



 Add to Cart



 Add to Favorites













Document Name 



Date










  



 




  Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Certain BlackRock Closed-End Funds

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
Jul 3, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






Jul 3, 2017







  



 




  Certain BlackRock Closed-End Funds Announce Estimated Sources of Distributions

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
Jun 30, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






Jun 30, 2017







  



 




  BlackRock Releases “Seeking Opportunities in a Changing Fixed Income Market” Conference Call Replay Information and Insight Piece

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
Jun 26, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






Jun 26, 2017







  



 




  Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Certain BlackRock Closed-End Funds

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
Jun 1, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






Jun 1, 2017







  



 




  Certain BlackRock Closed-End Funds Announce Estimated Sources of Distributions

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
May 31, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






May 31, 2017







  



 




  BlackRock to Host Fixed Income Closed-End Fund Market Outlook and Opportunities Call on Thursday, June 1st

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
May 30, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






May 30, 2017







  



 




  BlackRock Announces Portfolio Manager Changes to Certain Municipal Closed-End Funds

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
May 26, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






May 26, 2017







  



 




  Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Certain BlackRock Closed-End Funds

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
May 2, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






May 2, 2017







  



 




  Certain BlackRock Closed-End Funds Announce Estimated Sources of Distributions

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
Apr 28, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






Apr 28, 2017







  



 




  Distribution Dates and Amounts Announced for Certain BlackRock Closed-End Funds

 









Press Release 





Actions
 



  Download

 

 Email
 

 Add to favorites






Information



 
Information




Description:
Dividend Press Release


Publication date:
Apr 3, 2017


Target Audience:
For Individuals


Product group:
Closed-End Funds




Done






Apr 3, 2017




 





Sort By:

Default
Document Name
Date






Items per page:


10
20
30



 

1 of 9
2 of 9
3 of 9
4 of 9

...
9 of 9

 






 Subscribe
 


Unsubscribe



 Add to favorites
 


Remove favorite































 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.

















©2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. BLACKROCK, BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS, BUILD ON BLACKROCK, ALADDIN, iSHARES, iBONDS, iRETIRE, iSHARES CONNECT, FUND FRENZY, LIFEPATH, SO WHAT DO I DO WITH MY MONEY, INVESTING FOR A NEW WORLD, BUILT FOR THESE TIMES, the iShares Core Graphic, CoRI and the CoRI logo are registered and unregistered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other marks are the property of their respective owners.






















BlackRock

























 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 





























Your document is loading.
Click here to expedite.
















 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.
















  MDMIX Quote - BlackRock Municipal Bond Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  BlackRock Municipal Bond Fund Inc   MDMIX:US      Acquired   MDMIX:US was acquired by BLK:US   USD             Fund Type   Open-End Fund                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   Open-End Fund    Objective   Muni National Long    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/15/2011)   701.121    Inception Date   10/21/1994    Last Dividend (on 07/14/2011)   0.000581    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   MICHAEL KALINOSKI / TED JAECKEL    Front Load Fee   4.25%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.25%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.36%    Expense Ratio   0.72%                     Profile   BlackRock Municipal Bond Fund is an open-end fund incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is a high level of income exempt from Federal income taxes. The Fund invests 80% of its assets in municipal bonds that are covered by insurance that guarantees the timely payment of principal at maturity and interest when due.    Address  BlackRock Funds100 Bellevue ParkwayWilmington, DE 19809   Phone  1-800-441-7762   Website   www.blackrock.com              


Blackrock Strategic Municipal Trust Fund



























 
							Wednesday, 26 July 2017							
							

About Us 
 
Contact Info 
Advertising 








 

 




Latest news

USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance
Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) Cut to Hold at BidaskClub
Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc (SNI) Given Average Rating of "Hold" by Brokerages
Puerto Rico votes to become 51st state of America




Main » Blackrock Strategic Municipal Trust Fund


Blackrock Strategic Municipal Trust Fund
18 July 2017



The company has market cap of $160.67 million. The Trust's investment objective is to provide current income that is exempt from regular federal income tax and to invest in municipal bonds that over time will perform better than the broader municipal bond market. It now has negative earnings. The Trust seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing, under normal market conditions, at least 80% of its assets in municipal obligations and derivative instruments with exposure to such municipal obligations, in each case that are exempt from federal income tax (except that the interest may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax). 370,220 shares of the stock traded hands. This indicates more upside for the $127.84B company. It was reported on Jul, 17 by Faxor.com.Conifex Timber Inc.is a forestry company. Stifel Fincl Corporation has invested 0% in Invesco Senior Income Trust (NYSE:VVR). It has outperformed by 24.43% the S&P500.


Smriti Irani gets additional charge of I&B after Venkaiah Naidu resigns
Naidu resigned as minister on Monday, after he was selected as vice presidential candidate of the National Democratic Alliance. Narender Singh Tomar, Minister for Social Justice and Empowerment will now be handling Urban development ministry as well.
Investors may be taking a look at some additional technical numbers on shares of Invesco Advantage Municipal Income Trust II (VKI) in order to get a fuller picture. Pioneer Invest Management owns 150,000 shares or 0% of their U.S. portfolio.The stock decreased 0.41% or GBX 0.05 on July 14, reaching GBX 12.02.
Sanchez wants Champions League, says future in Arsenal's hands
They already added Sead Kolasinac and Alexandre Lacazette to their squad but the Frenchman wants to add more quality to his squad. Meanwhile, Mathieu Debuchy is set to join Nice, while Wojciech Szczesny is close to signing for Juventus in a £10million move.
Analysts expect Basic Energy Services, Inc.About 36,152 shares traded. Blackrock Maryland Municipal Bond Trust has a 52 week low of $13.81 and a 52 week high of $17.00. It has underperformed by 16.70% the S&P500.
Monsoon Session: BSP chief Mayawati says she will resign from Rajya Sabha
Communist Party of India (Marxist) leader Sitaram Yechury said the issues raised by Mayawati were "serious". But the opposition members remained unrelenting, forcing him to adjourn the proceedings till 1200 hours.
Among 13 analysts covering Travelers (NYSE:TRV), 5 have Buy rating, 3 Sell and 5 Hold. Therefore 33% are positive. Basic Energy Services had 40 analyst reports since August 3, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The company was maintained on Monday, March 13 by HSBC. Imperial Capital maintained the shares of BAS in report on Monday, October 26 with "In-Line" rating. Bank of America downgraded Travelers Companies Inc (NYSE:TRV) on Thursday, December 3 to "Neutral" rating. The company was maintained on Monday, July 10 by Piper Jaffray. The rating was maintained by Macquarie Research with "Underperform" on Wednesday, September 9. The firm has "Hold" rating given on Friday, July 7 by Canaccord Genuity. RBC Capital Markets has "Buy" rating and $126 target. The firm earned "Sell" rating on Friday, May 6 by Deutsche Bank. BA's profit will be $1.42 billion for 22.57 P/E if the $2.32 EPS becomes a reality. Its down 0.01, from 0.9 in 2016Q3. 137 funds opened positions while 378 raised stakes. Creative Planning holds 0% or 500 shares. Webster Bank N A has 5,680 shares. Horizon Kinetics Lc accumulated 95,344 shares. Valley National Advisers Inc holds 0.82% or 11,420 shares. Invesco reported 499,178 shares. Van Eck Associate Corp has invested 0% in BlackRock LT Municipal Advantage Trust (NYSE:BTA). Millennium Mgmt Limited Liability accumulated 89,460 shares. Meiji Yasuda Life Company reported 18,254 shares or 0.47% of all its holdings.




Related articles




J&K: Rashtriya Rifles officer shot dead by jawan in Uri sector




Health Care Overhaul Collapses as Two Republican Senators Defect




General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by Hartford Investment Management Co




Qatar says media report reveals UAE role in hack that sparked crisis




North-South Korea Talks?




Liverpool release their third kit... and it's very orange




Distracted driving blamed for deadly Monroe County crash on Friday




'Peculiar' radio signals emerge from nearby star




ARMM governor backs new draft BBL




The Wolf Among Us Season 2 Could Be Announced at Comic-Con




Share !


 



Previous: White House Meeting With Challengers of Arizona GOP Sen. Jeff Flake
Next: Ed Sheeran Has Appeared As a Soldier In Game of Thrones







 Advertising
 


 


More news	






NHL: Philadelphia Flyers sign 2017 No. 2 overall draft pick Nolan Patrick





The 10 funniest tweets about Ed Sheeran's 'infuriating' Game of Thrones cameo





Equity Residential (NYSE:EQR) Institutional Investor Sentiment Is 0.87





Newcastle United agree £12m Jacob Murphy deal





Ed Sheeran Has Appeared As a Soldier In Game of Thrones


Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTA) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub





European Union  foreign ministers to back sanctions against Assad regime





SWAT Standoff as Seal Beach Police Search for Possible Shooter





White House Meeting With Challengers of Arizona GOP Sen. Jeff Flake


The Kinross Gold Corporation's (KGC) "Hold" Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC





Sushma Swaraj allows medical visa to a PoK man suffering from cancer


SPF Beheer BV Holds Position in Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY)





Singer Ed Sheeran to play Lisa's love interest on The Simpsons





Senate postpones vote on Republican health care bill


Interactive Brokers Group's (IBKR) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at SunTrust Banks, Inc



 






 






	
    Copyright © 2017 HealthcareMenu |     All rights reserved.

	
		






















Blackrock Municipal Target Term Trust Stock  in  Q4 2016 Driven by Institutional Investors

 


 















































Trending
Business
Market
Stock
Privacy Policy






Blackrock Municipal Target Term Trust Stock  in  Q4 2016 Driven by Institutional Investors

July 25, 2017 - By Henry Gaston


Sentiment for Blackrock Municipal Target Term Trust (NYSE:BTT)
Blackrock Municipal Target Term Trust (NYSE:BTT) institutional sentiment decreased to 1.82 in 2016 Q4. Its down -0.12, from 1.94 in 2016Q3. The ratio fall, as 31 investment managers opened new and increased positions, while 17 sold and decreased stakes in Blackrock Municipal Target Term Trust. The investment managers in our partner’s database now have: 6.29 million shares, up from 6.25 million shares in 2016Q3. Also, the number of investment managers holding Blackrock Municipal Target Term Trust in their top 10 positions was flat from 0 to 0 for the same number . Sold All: 5 Reduced: 12 Increased: 21 New Position: 10.






BlackRock Municipal 2030 Target Term Trust, formerly BlackRock Municipal Target Term Trust, is a closed-end management investment company. The company has market cap of $1.62 billion. The Trust’s investment objective is to provide current income exempt from regular federal income tax and to return $25 per common share (the initial offering price per share) to holders of common shares on or about December 31, 2030. It currently has negative earnings. The Trust seeks to invest approximately 80% of its assets in municipal bonds exempt from federal income taxes (except that the interest may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax).
 It is down 0.56% since July 25, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 17.26% the S&P500.
Lehman Financial Resources Inc. holds 2.56% of its portfolio in Blackrock Municipal 2030 Targt Term Trst for 205,940 shares. Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co Mi Adv owns 129,400 shares or 1.5% of their US portfolio. Moreover, Harvey Capital Management Inc has 0.69% invested in the company for 68,000 shares. The Georgia-based Narwhal Capital Management has invested 0.53% in the stock. Brick & Kyle Associates, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 23,004 shares.#img1#
More news for Blackrock Municipal 2030 Targt Term Trst (NYSE:BTT) were recently published by: Seekingalpha.com, which released: “Pair Trade Opportunity: A BlackRock Muni CEF” on January 12, 2017. Seekingalpha.com‘s article titled: “BTT: An Outstanding Muni CEF” and published on February 02, 2016 is yet another important article.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.










 



Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Here’s how analysts see Northwest Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:NWBI) after this past week.


EPS for Knight Transportation (KNX) Expected At $0.25


Blackrock Municipal Target Term Trust Stock  in  Q4 2016 Driven by Institutional Investors


Reaffirmed: Vodafone Group (LON:VOD) Hold Rating Reaffirmed by Analysts at HSBC; GBX 225.00 Target in Place


Artesian Resources Corp Sentiment  Improves on Better Stock Potential


Analysts See $0.37 EPS for Knoll Inc (KNL)


First Interstate Bank Has Cut Its Bb&T Corp (BBT) Position by $6.09 Million; Stock Price Declined


Is Buying SARISSA RESOURCES IN (SRSR) Here Winning Strategy?


Today Jefferies Reaffirms a Hold Rating on Reckitt Benckiser Group (LON:RB) and a GBX 8150.00 Target Price


How Many Tenaris SA (ADR) (NYSE:TS)’s Analysts Are Bullish?
















Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Municipal Bonds - Products | BlackRock US
























 



 
 


WHO WE ARE
BlackRock is trusted to manage more money than any other investment manager in the world, helping millions of people and the world’s biggest institutions and governments reach their investing goals.
Source: BlackRock. Based on $5.4 trillion in AUM as of 3/31/17





 BLACKROCK

BLACKROCK

 


 Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds

 

 iShares ETFs

iShares ETFs

 

 Closed-End Funds

Closed-End Funds

 

 Insights

Insights

 

 Advisor Center

Advisor Center

 

 Retirement

Retirement

 

 Investing Blog

Investing Blog

 




 iSHARES

iSHARES

 


 Find an ETF

Find an ETF

 

 About ETFs

About ETFs

 

 Why ETFs

Why ETFs

 




 OUR FIRM

OUR FIRM

 


 About Us

About Us

 

 Newsroom 

Newsroom 

 

 Investor Relations

Investor Relations

 

 Public Policy

Public Policy

 

 Responsibility

Responsibility

 

 Careers

Careers

 

 Contact Us

Contact Us

 




 INSTITUTIONS

INSTITUTIONS

 


 Insights

Insights

 

 Our Clients

Our Clients

 




 BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

BLACKROCK SOLUTIONS

 


 Aladdin

Aladdin

 

 Financial Markets Advisory

Financial Markets Advisory

 

 Engineering Blog

Engineering Blog

 





FOLLOW US 


 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 












 Our Company and Sites








 United States

 



Select Country 



  United States


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 



 Hong Kong
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 

 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 



 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 



 




Sign In 
 

Financial Professionals

BlackRock Site

 
Advisor Central at BNY Mellon

 

Individual Investors

Marketing Subscriptions

 
Mutual Fund & 529 Accounts

 

Institutional Investors

Institutional Client Login Sites

 


 See more accounts

 


















 
 


Products 



Insights 



Retirement 



Resources 



Financial Professionals 
















BY TYPE
Mutual FundsiShares ETFsClosed End Funds 



BY ASSET Class
EquityFixed IncomeMulti-Asset 



MORE PRODUCTS & RESOURCES
Managed AccountsTarget Date FundsVariable Insurance Funds529 College Saving PlansAlternative InvestmentsCash and Liquidity ProductsClosed End Funds ResourcesModel PortfoliosBlackRock Index Services 






FEATURED PRODUCT
 

 
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund











BY TYPE
Featured InsightsEconomic OutlookFixed IncomeEquitiesMulti-Asset 



INVESTMENT IDEAS
Balance Portfolios with BondsRethink Your Income StrategyNarrow the Growth GapFactor InvestingSustainable Investing 






FEATURED INSIGHTS
 

 
BlackRock Investment Institute











PLANNING
Retirement Fundamentals 



RESEARCH & INSIGHTS
BlackRock Retirement Institute 






FEATURED RESOURCE
 

 
Reframe the retirement problem
Financial advisors only











ACCOUNT ACCESS & FORMS
Account AccessForms and Applications 



MORE RESOURCES
LiteratureShare Classes and LoadsTax InformationEducationTools and Calculators 






FEATURED TOOL
 

 
Morningstar Hypothetical Tool 
Portfolio comparison for advisors











PROFESSIONALS
Advisor CenterRegistered Investment AdvisorsPrivate BanksDefined Contribution PlansInstitutions 



EXCLUSIVE RESOURCES
iRetire® by BlackRockBlackRock Portfolio Solutions 







NAVIGATING THE DOL FIDUCIARY RULE

Resources for building better portfolios after the rule
















































 
 
























Select country 


Select country 
























 


Municipal Bonds: Three reasons to consider investing










Why municipals?

Income: Municipal bonds continue to represent an attractive source of income, despite much-talked-about tax reform and its potential implications.
Quality and diversification: With an average rating of AA, the muni market remains of high quality and the asset class has a negative correlation to equities, making them effective portfolio diversifiers.
Value:The "price gap" between Election Day and today is where opportunity may reside.

SEE WHY MUNIS MAKE SENSE






 







“

Municipal bonds help you keep more of what you earn given their tax-exempt nature.
”


 Peter Hayes, Head of BlackRock's Municipal Bonds Group




Peter Hayes








Why BlackRock for municipals?
The fixed income quality you expect at a low cost

Established Quality and Performance: 7 of our municipal bond funds delivered 1st quartile Morningstar performance over 10 years.†
Competitive Value: 7 of our municipal bond funds are priced in the least expensive quartile.‡ 
The BlackRock Advantage: As one of the largest and most experienced municipal bond managers, our insight, access and technology has helped investors pursue their goals.

SEE THE NUMBERS






 


Consider these Muni opportunities





MANLX

National Municipal Fund
A national municipal strategy with a history of attractive tax-advantaged income and strong results, investing in high quality bonds.
  Learn more about MANLX

 Learn more about MANLX

 


MAMTX

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund
An adaptable strategy that seeks to provide tax-advantaged income in diverse environments.
  Learn more about MAMTX

 Learn more about MAMTX

 







Consider these Muni opportunities


MANLX

National Municipal Fund


MAMTX

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund















National Municipal Fund

Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund




 Highlights 
Investor guide




Quarterly commentary
Monthly commentary










 

Other BlackRock municipal bond solutions


 iShares National Muni Bond ETF

iShares National Muni Bond ETF

 

 BlackRock Managed Accounts

BlackRock Managed Accounts

 
















 


 

 

 

 

 





Products 

Mutual Funds
iShares ETFs
Closed End Funds
Equity
Fixed Income
Multi-Asset
Managed Accounts
Target Date Funds
Variable Insurance Funds
529 College Saving Plans
Alternative Investments
Cash and Liquidity Products
Closed End Funds Resources
Model Portfolios
BlackRock Index Services




Insights 

Featured Insights
Economic Outlook
Fixed Income
Equities
Multi-Asset
Balance Portfolios with Bonds
Rethink Your Income Strategy
Narrow the Growth Gap
Factor Investing
Sustainable Investing




Retirement 

Retirement Fundamentals
BlackRock Retirement Institute




Resources 

Account Access
Forms and Applications
Literature
Share Classes and Loads
Tax Information
Education
Tools and Calculators




Financial Professionals 

Advisor Center
Registered Investment Advisors
Private Banks
Defined Contribution Plans
Institutions
iRetire® by BlackRock
BlackRock Portfolio Solutions


















Contact Us


Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Business Continuity


Press Center


Careers


FINRA BrokerCheck






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.







†As of 3/31/2017. Source: Morningstar. All data is based on the institutional share class of the funds. BlackRock manages a total of 8 open-end municipal mutual funds. Rankings are based on the total return excluding sales charge. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
 
To obtain more information on the funds including the other Morningstar time period rankings, please visit: California Municipal Opportunities Fund, High Yield Municipal Fund, National Municipal Fund, New Jersey Municipal Bond Fund, Short-Term Municipal Fund, Strategic Municipal Opportunities Fund, New York Municipal Opportunities Fund, Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Fund.
 
‡ As of 03/31/17. Source: Morningstar. Analysis based only on institutional shares of BlackRock active fixed income funds vs. institutional shares of active fixed income funds within their respective Morningstar categories. Expenses are based on the funds’ most recent prospectus net expense ratios, excluding investment dividend expense, interest expense, and certain other fund expenses. Morningstar category net expense ratio also excludes these expenses. Includes active open-end tax-free fixed income mutual funds only, and excludes index funds. 7 out of 8 of BlackRock's active tax-free fixed income funds are in the lowest fee quartile. Based on 8 BlackRock tax-free funds. Institutional shares may not be available to all retail investors. Performance for different share classes may vary.
 






The performance data quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Performance data current to the most recent month end may be obtained by visiting the products' respective overview pages.






Carefully consider the Funds' investment objectives, risk factors, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Funds' prospectuses or, if available, the summary prospectuses which may be obtained visiting the iShares ETF and BlackRock Mutual Fund prospectus pages. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.






Fixed income risks include interest-rate and credit risk. Typically, when interest rates rise, there is a corresponding decline in bond values. Credit risk refers to the possibility that the bond issuer will not be able to make principal and interest payments.






The funds may use derivatives to hedge its investments or to seek to enhance returns. Derivatives entail risks relating to liquidity, leverage and credit that may reduce returns and increase volatility.






There may be less information on the financial condition of municipal issuers than for public corporations. The market for municipal bonds may be less liquid than for taxable bonds. Some investors may be subject to federal or state income taxes or the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT). Capital gains distributions, if any, are taxable.






Prepared by BlackRock Investments, LLC, member FINRA.






©2017 BlackRock, Inc. All Rights Reserved. BLACKROCK is a registered trademark of BlackRock, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.






135481





















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.82
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.03
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-2.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 11:51:14 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				









Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











Mutual Fund Research Tool - T. Rowe Price















































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	


















Log Out
Log In

Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers













 
 


























Home
      / Mutual Funds


Print
Email
Text size




Mutual Fund Research Tool


Find T. Rowe Price mutual funds that match your investment goals.

Filter funds by category, objective, or Morningstar rating. Select the appropriate box on the far left-hand side of the tool.


Sort by rolling over a mutual fund and using the arrows to find key information.


Compare key information such as performance and asset allocation by rolling over individual funds and clicking the "Add to Compare" box. Once you choose your funds, click "Compare Now" button for results.



 


For detailed information about each fund, including its risks, click on the mutual fund name. For standardized total returns as of the most recent calendar quarter end, click on the Performance link within the chart below.



Call an Investment Specialist at 800-365-7530.











Show All Mutual Funds
	There  that match: 


		For investors who plan to retire close to a certain year, these "all in one" funds 
		adjust the mix of stocks and bonds throughout the investor's retirement horizon.
	

		Offer long-term growth potential by investing primarily in stocks of U.S. companies—ranging 
		from broadly diversified to sector-specific.
	

		For investors interested in regular income, these funds invest in corporate- and/or government-issued bonds. 
	

		Offer income free of federal and sometimes state and local taxes by investing in bonds 
		issued by municipalities.
	

		Pursue opportunities in many of today's fastest-growing foreign markets—ranging from 
		globally diversified to region- or country-specific.
	

		Offer diversification and income by investing in bonds issued outside the U.S.
	

		Stress capital preservation and may provide some income—best suited for money 
		designated for short-term goals. 
	

		Convenient, one-step mutual funds that combine stocks and bonds to provide a broadly 
		diversified investment. 
	

		Stresses capital preservation and are best suited for investors who may need to use 
		their savings within a couple years or to fund an emergency reserve.
	

		Designed to generate income and may be particularly beneficial for investors looking 
		to supplement their retirement income. 
	

		Designed specifically for retirement goals. Just choose the fund with the year closest
		to when you expect to retire. 
	

		Provide long-term capital growth potential while seeking to reduce the long-term tax burden.
	

		Provide current income that is free from federal and possibly state and local taxes. Best 
		suited for investors in higher tax brackets.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, uses a five-star value system to 
		rate mutual funds in a category. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating.
	

		Independent analysts at Morningstar provide their mutual fund picks on a category-by-category basis.
	

		Long-tenured, well-established mutual funds that investors have chosen for over 15 years.
	

		Funds that charge redemption fees.
	

		Funds that are open to new investors.
	




Category

Target Date Funds
 Domestic Stock Funds
 Domestic Bond Funds
 Tax-Free Bond Funds*
 International &Global Stock Funds
 International &Global Bond Funds
 Money Market Funds1,2
 Asset Allocation Funds

Objective

 Tax-Efficient
 Tax-Exempt*

Ranking
Morningstar Rating:

4 & 5 Star Fundsε
 3 Star Fundsε
 1 & 2 Star Fundsε

Fund Attributes

 Open To New Investors
Redemption Fees

Share Class

Investor Class
I Class







Performance
Ratings + Rankings
Management + Objective
Prices + Yields












1 Retail Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. Beginning October 14, 2016, the Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund's liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.

2 Government Funds: You could lose money by investing in the Fund. Although the Fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the Fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. The Fund's sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the Fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the Fund at any time.


^ The T. Rowe Price Funds-I Class share the portfolio of an existing fund 
(the original share class of the fund is referred to as the "investor class"). 
The total return figures for I Class shares have been calculated using the performance 
data of the investor class up to the inception date of the I Class (shown in the 
performance sub-tab when the fund is hovered over) and the actual performance 
results of the I Class since that date. Because the I Classes are expected to have 
lower expenses than the Investor Classes, the I Class performance, had it existed 
over the periods shown, would have been higher. 
					

						The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
					
* Some income is subject to state and local taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax.


















		Please wait while we load your data.
	





Fund Comparison







 
 


 





















Our Mission Is Simple.
					  Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
					


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement





Feedback

Mobile Solutions
Contact Us








The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

				©Wed Jul 26 12:08:10 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
				All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
			



 
 











	CEF Types & Strategies: Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds | Nuveen















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















			Strategies



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity










			Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Funds
			


		About Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt

		Tax-exempt municipal bonds are debt issued by a state, city, or other municipality for general governmental needs or to finance special
		projects. These municipal bonds pay interest that is free from regular federal income tax, and state-specific bonds can provide residents
		of those states with income free from state and, in some cases, local income taxes as well.* Tax-exempt municipal bonds can be an
		advantageous alternative to taxable investments, particularly for investors in higher tax brackets. To make a fair comparison between
		a tax-free investment like a municipal bond and a taxable investment, one should adjust the tax-free investment's yield to account
		for money saved in regular federal, and sometimes state, income tax.
	

* Interest on out-of-state bonds and dividends paid by national funds may be subject to state and local taxes. Income may also be
			subject to the Alternative Minimum Tax.



				About Nuveen Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt Closed-End Funds

				Nuveen offers several national tax-exempt municipal bond closed-end funds, and as well as state-specific funds focusing 15 different states. Municipal Closed-End
				Funds can potentially help you balance your desire for income and growth by:

Meeting current expenses with monthly tax-free income;
Potentially realizing attractive, long-term, after-tax total returns;
Diversifying your income portfolio;
Reducing the amount of your investment income subject to taxes.


				The Tax-Free Advantage






						Tax-Free Yield
					






						4%
					

						5%
					

						6%
					

						7%
					

						8%
					





Tax Rate


Taxable Equivalent Yield




						25%
					

						5.33%
					

						6.67%
					

						8.00%
					

						9.33%
					

						10.67%
					



						28%
					

						5.56%
					

						6.94%
					

						8.33%
					

						9.72%
					

						11.11%
					



						33%
					

						5.97%
					

						7.46%
					

						8.96%
					

						10.45%
					

						11.94%
					



						35%
					

						6.15%
					

						7.69%
					

						9.23%
					

						10.77%
					

						12.31%
					



						39.6%
					

						6.62%
					

						8.28%
					

						9.93%
					

						11.59%
					

						13.25%
					



				You can see you would need to earn much more from a taxable investment to match a municipal bond's after-tax yield. For instance,
				if your fund is yielding 5.00% tax-free and your tax rate is
				28%, you would need a taxable investment to yield 6.94% to match the same after-tax cash flow. 
			

This chart is for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to reflect past or predict future performance 
				for any particular investment. They do not take into account the effects of the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT) 
				or capital gains taxes.  This information is general in nature and should not be considered tax advice.  
				Nuveen is not a tax advisor and investors should consult with a qualified tax consultant as to their particular 
				situation.






						Investor Profile

						Are these CEFs right for you?

						The features and investment objectives of these funds might be especially appealing to investors seeking:


							Potential for attractive, monthly tax-free income

							Diversification of a portfolio otherwise comprised of taxable fixed-income
							and equity securities

							Reduction of the amount of investment income subject to taxes.


						What are potential risks?


							Municipal bond fund income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will
							be subject to capital gains tax.

							Municipal bonds are subject to interest rate risk, or the risk
							that the bonds will decline in value because of changes in market interest rates.

							Municipal bonds are also subject to call risk, and credit risk.









			Nuveen's Municipal Bond Closed-End Funds


Select a national fund...
Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAD
Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund-NZF
Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Value Fund-NEV
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Municipal Term Fund-NID
Nuveen Intermediate Duration Quality Municipal Term Fund-NIQ
Nuveen Municipal 2021 Target Term Fund-NHA
Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund-NMZ
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund-NVG
Nuveen AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NEA
Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NUV
Nuveen Municipal Income Fund, Inc.-NMI
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXP
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 2-NXQ
Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio 3-NXR
Nuveen Select Maturities Municipal Fund-NIM
Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Value Fund-NUW




Select a state fund...
Nuveen Arizona Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAZ
Nuveen California Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAC
Nuveen California AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKX
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NCA
Nuveen California Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXC
Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund 2-NCB
Nuveen Connecticut Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTC
Nuveen Georgia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NKG
Nuveen Maryland Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMY
Nuveen Massachusetts Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMT
Nuveen Michigan Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUM
Nuveen Minnesota Quality Municipal Income Fund-NMS
Nuveen Missouri Quality Municipal Income Fund-NOM
Nuveen New Jersey Quality Municipal Income Fund-NXJ
Nuveen New Jersey Municipal Value Fund-NJV
Nuveen New York Quality Municipal Income Fund-NAN
Nuveen New York AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund-NRK
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund, Inc.-NNY
Nuveen New York Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio-NXN
Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund 2-NYV
Nuveen North Carolina Quality Municipal Income Fund-NNC
Nuveen Ohio Quality Municipal Income Fund-NUO
Nuveen Pennsylvania Quality Municipal Income Fund-NQP
Nuveen Pennsylvania Municipal Value Fund-NPN
Nuveen Texas Quality Municipal Income Fund-NTX
Nuveen Virginia Quality Municipal Income Fund-NPV
























Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.

	14831-INV-AN-03/17




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds




















	Page Not Found | Nuveen Investments































Nuveen Investments













Page Not Found

The page you are trying to reach is unavailable.
Please visit the Nuveen.com Home page or try to find the page you are looking for with the search page.


Additional Starting Pages
In addition to the Nuveen.com Home page, there are several other locations on the site from which to start.


Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts




Literature Center
Featured Commentary
Videos
Retirement Solutions
Knowledge Center















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









Before investing, carefully consider fund investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. For this and other information that should be read carefully, please view the prospectus or summary prospectus.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.












	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









































































American Funds
































Get Muni Bonds That Make Sense For You - FMSBonds.com      



Value for muni investors
Talk to a specialist: 1-800-FMS-BOND
1-800-367-2663








Get Muni Bonds That Are Right For YouNot all tax-free muni bonds are the same.Find munis that fit your investment objectives.Serving muni bond investors since 1978.

Select Your Preferred StateNo PreferenceAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming
Minimum RatingNo PreferenceAaa/AAAA/ABaa/BBBBa/BBNR/NR
    




blackrock bond fund inc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Global Fixed Income Fund - Prepared for Rising Rates



Ad
 ·
www.franklintempleton.com



Templeton Global Bond Fund was positioned for rising rates. See the results.





Investment Outlook




Global Macro Shifts





Blackrock Bond Funds - Search Blackrock Bond Funds



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Blackrock Bond Funds



Search multiple engines for blackrock bond funds




Blackrock Bond Funds - Find the Top Results Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Blackrock Bond Funds/​Fast



If You Want Blackrock Bond Funds Find Them Here & Save Time and Money!





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Blackrock Bond Funds - Search Blackrock Bond Funds



Ad
 ·
www.metacrawler.com/​Blackrock Bond Funds



Search several engines for Blackrock Bond Funds




Searches related toblackrock bond fund inc



blackrock intermediate bond fund


blackrock mutual funds


blackrock index funds


blackrock bhyax fund



blackrock funds performance


blackrock inc news


blackrock bond ladder


blackrock bond income portfolio symbol




Web Results

BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. | Class K Shares

https://www.blackrock.com/.../prospectus/pro-totalreturnfund-k-us.pdf


BlackRock Basic Value Fund, Inc. BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. BlackRock Total Return Fund BlackRock Capital Appreciation Fund, Inc. BlackRock Equity Dividend Fund


BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. BlackRock FundsSM

https://www.transamerica.com/images/blackrock-bond-fund-inc...


BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. BlackRock Total Return Fund BlackRock FundsSM BlackRock Short Obligations Fund BlackRock Ultra-Short Obligations Fund BlackRock Funds II


BlackRock - Official Site

https://www.blackrock.com


BlackRock is the world’s largest asset manager guiding individuals, financial professionals and institutions in building better financial futures. Explore more.



Careers



Account Access



Job Search



Forms and Applications



BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. - BlackRock High Income Fund ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. - BlackRock High Income Fund company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. - BlackRock Total Return Fund ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. - BlackRock Total Return Fund company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. BlackRock Municipal Bond Fund ...

https://www.interactivebrokers.com/prospectus/09252M883.pdf


PRO12-0313SUP BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. BlackRock Total Return Fund BlackRock EuroFund BlackRock Focus Growth Fund, Inc. BlackRock Funds II BlackRock International ...


MDWIX View All - BlackRock Strategic Global Bond Fund, Inc ...

https://fundresearch.fidelity.com/mutual-funds/view-all/09252X103


Analyze the BlackRock Strategic Global Bond Fund, Inc. Investor A Shares (MDWIX) and perform mutual fund research on other mutual funds. Learn more about mutual funds ...


BlackRock Basic Value Fund, Inc. BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc.

https://www.interactivebrokers.com/prospectus/09252E501.pdf


BlackRock Balanced Capital Fund, Inc. BlackRock Basic Value Fund, Inc. BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. BlackRock Total Return Fund BlackRock High Income Fund


List of All BlackRock Funds - Morningstar, Inc.

quicktake.morningstar.com/fundfamily/blackrock/0C000034YC/fund...


View Morningstar’s complete list of BlackRock Funds by name to find the best BlackRock Funds for your portfolio.


BLACKROCK BOND FUND, INC. (Form: NSAR-B/A, Received: 11/30 ...

www.nasdaq.com/markets/ipos/filing.ashx?filingid=5573066


BlackRock Bond Fund, Inc. File No. 811-02857 Item No. 77M (Mergers) -- Attachment During the fiscal semi-annual period ending September 30, 2007, the BlackRock ...










Global Fixed Income Fund - Prepared for Rising Rates



Ad
 ·
www.franklintempleton.com



Templeton Global Bond Fund was positioned for rising rates. See the results.





Investment Outlook




Global Macro Shifts





Blackrock Bond Funds - Search Blackrock Bond Funds



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Blackrock Bond Funds



Search multiple engines for blackrock bond funds




Blackrock Bond Funds - Find the Top Results Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Blackrock Bond Funds/​Fast



If You Want Blackrock Bond Funds Find Them Here & Save Time and Money!





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances





Blackrock Bond Funds - Search Blackrock Bond Funds



Ad
 ·
www.metacrawler.com/​Blackrock Bond Funds



Search several engines for Blackrock Bond Funds



Searches related toblackrock bond fund inc



blackrock intermediate bond fund


blackrock mutual funds


blackrock index funds


blackrock bhyax fund



blackrock funds performance


blackrock inc news


blackrock bond ladder


blackrock bond income portfolio symbol




12345Next






Answers







BlackRock



to BlackRock Financial Management. Schwarzman remained with Blackstone, while Fink went on to become chairman and CEO of BlackRock Inc. In 1998, PNC’s...

more






List of Canadian exchange-traded funds



This is a list of notable Canadian exchange-traded funds, or ETFs. This is not an exhaustive list. BlackRock Inc In Canada, BlackRock Inc. is the...

more






Bond fund



A bond fund or debt fund is a fund that invests in bonds, or other debt securities. Bond funds can be contrasted with stock funds and money funds. Bond

more










blackrock bond fund inc News






BlackRock Group : Form 8.3 - Dalradian Resources Inc.



FE Investegate.co.uk Company...

 - Jul 21


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, sets out the...

more





BlackRock Group : Form 8.3 - Dalradian Resources Inc



FE Investegate.co.uk Company...

 - 23 hrs ago


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, sets out the...

more





BlackRock Says 'Absolutely Critical' to Look at China Bonds



Bloomberg.com News, Markets,...

 - 7 hrs ago


BlackRock Inc., the world’s largest money manager, said that investors cannot ignore China’s onshore bond market, which has reached the $10 trillion mark. “It’s absolutely critical if you’re a...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network









Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


























































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































