

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P.  Funding details


Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001691248Address: 345 PARK AVENUE  NEW YORK 10154Phone number: (212) 583-5000



Latest news
Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P. raised $313,935,000 from 21 investors on 2017-01-26.



Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-01-26Amended Form DIndefinite$313,935,000Indefinite$02106b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]2016-12-07New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P. raised $313,935,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P.
Key People in Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P.:

n/a Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution Associates N/A BTAS Associates L.L.C.Deann MorganJohn FinleyJeffrey IversonMatthew SkurbeKathleen SkeroChristopher JamesJohn MaglianoTodd MyersTaylor Lauber
Similar companiesBLACKSTONE VALLEY SURGICARE ACQUISITION L P, Blackstone Real Estate CMBS Fund L.P., Blackstone Real Estate CMBS Offshore Fund Ltd., Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Fund LP, Blackstone Cabot Fund L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations (Alberta) Europe.1, Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations (Alberta) Fund II., Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Europe.1 L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Europe.2 L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Fund II.1 L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Fund II.2 L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Global Feeder Fund








Last visited companies: Tessera Offshore Fund Ltd, Thinkful, Inc., Thompson/Post Canyons At West 45th Ave, DST, US Select Equity Fund, a series of Principal Global Investors Trust, Upper Canada Gold Corp

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.



















Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution Associates 2016 L.P.  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2016-A L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    345 Park Avenue  
    New York, NY, 10154Phone: (212) 583-5000 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-26


Amended


$313,935,000


$313,935,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2016-12-07


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution Associates 2016 L.P. 
 Promoter 


 N/A Btas Associates L.L.C. 
 Promoter 


 John G. Finley 
 Executive 


 Jeffrey C. Iverson 
 Executive 


 Christopher J. James 
 Executive 


 Taylor Lauber 
 Executive 


 John A. Magliano 
 Executive 


 Deann D. Morgan 
 Executive 


 Todd Myers 
 Executive 


 Kathleen Skero 
 Executive 


 Matthew Skurbe 
 Executive 













BLACKSTONE TOTAL ALTERNATIVES SOLUTION 2015 I L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BLACKSTONE TOTAL ALTERNATIVES SOLUTION 2015 I L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-01-11. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BLACKSTONE TOTAL ALTERNATIVES SOLUTION 2015 I L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




blackstone total alternatives solution 2015 i l.p.


345 PARK AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10154


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (212) 583-5000







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 01/11/2016
D/A filed on 06/22/2015
D filed on 02/18/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-01-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
1,290,201,000
INDEFINITE


2015-06-22
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
264,385,000
INDEFINITE


2015-02-18
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address




BLACKSTONE TOTAL ALTERNATIVES SOLUTION 2015-A I L.P.

    345 PARK AVENUE
    
    NEW YORK, NY  10154
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




CHRISTOPHER J.  JAMES

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



DEANN D.  MORGAN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JEFFREY C.  IVERSON

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN G.  FINLEY

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN A.  MAGLIANO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



KATHLEEN   SKERO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



LAURENCE A.  TOSI

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MATTHEW   SKURBE

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   BLACKSTONE TOTAL ALTERNATIVES SOLUTION ASSOCIATES 2015 I L.P.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   BTAS ASSOCIATES L.L.C.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2016 Fund (Offshore) L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2016 Fund (Offshore) L.P.
List of persons related to the company Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2016 Fund (Offshore) L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2016 Fund (Offshore) L.P..

CIK Number: 0001692461Company address: 250 VESEY STREET, 11TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10080Phone number: 212-449-3382



People related to Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2016 Fund (Offshore) L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryE. Kocsis  BarbraMLAI 250 Vesey Street, 11th FloorNew YorkNYWoldow  BrianMLAI 250 Vesey Street, 11th FloorNew YorkNYThomas  CharlesAsterion Fund Services (Offshore) Ltd. Ugland House, South Church StreetGrand CaymanCayman IslandsThome  ChristopherMLAI 250 Vesey Street, 11th FloorNew YorkNYE. McGoey  JeffMLAI 250 Vesey Street, 11th FloorNew YorkNYV. Leale  JohnMLAI 250 Vesey Street, 11th FloorNew YorkNYRoss  LeslieMLAI 250 Vesey Street, 11th FloorNew YorkNYn/a  Asterion Fund Services (Offshore) Ltd.Ugland House, South Church Street Grand CaymanCayman Islandsn/a  Merrill Lynch Alternative Investments LLC ("MLAI")250 Vesey Street, 11th Floor New YorkNYFahmy  NancyMLAI 250 Vesey Street, 11th FloorNew YorkNY




Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2016 Fund (Offshore) L.P. on the Web
Related companiesBlackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Fund LP, Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Overseas Fund L.P., Blackstone / GSO Credit Strategies IDF LP, BLACKSTONE / GSO EUROPEAN SENIOR LOAN FUND, BLACKSTONE / GSO GLOBAL DYNAMIC CREDIT GBP FEEDER FUND (IRELAND), BLACKSTONE / GSO GLOBAL DYNAMIC CREDIT USD FEEDER FUND (IRELAND), Blackstone / GSO Market Neutral Credit Fund LP, Blackstone / GSO Market Neutral Credit Overseas Fund Ltd, Blackstone / GSO Secured Trust Feeder LP, Blackstone / GSO Secured Trust Ltd, Blackstone / GSO US Loan USD Feeder Fund (Ireland), Blackstone AG Investment Partners L.P., BlackStone Alternatives Solution 2014 Trust, BlackStone Alternatives Solution 2014 Trust (Tax Exempt), Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2015 Trust












 






         
	Overview
    


















9d4b21c6-35a8-4ce7-97b5-772a310620b6






The Firm
Blackstone is one of the world’s leading investment firms





Who We Are

Our investments are designed to preserve and grow our limited partners’ capital, provide financial security for millions of retirees, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional and individual investors, and contribute to overall economic growth.
Blackstone is one of the world’s leading investment firms. We seek to create positive economic impact and long-term value for our investors, the companies we invest in, and the communities in which we work. We do this by using extraordinary people and flexible capital to help companies solve problems. The firm was founded in 1985 by Stephen A. Schwarzman, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Peter G. Peterson, who retired as Senior Chairman in 2008.
Thirty years later, we are a firm of more than 2,200 employees in more than 20 offices worldwide. Our portfolio companies employ more than 511,000 people across the globe.








				Mondays at Blackstone
			



















UNLOCKING VALUE,  Securing Futures  At Blackstone, we apply our capabilities as a leading global investment firm to deliver solutions, unlock value and propel growth. The capital we deploy on behalf of our investors fuels the development of businesses and communities. The investments we make are the wellsprings of future opportunity. Through this work, we seek to ensure a secure retirement for millions. 


DIVERSE AND Global  The solutions we provide reflect insights generated by our diverse, global business platform, which encompasses private equity and real estate funds, hedge fund solutions, and credit funds. We have built the firm on a strong foundation of intellectual and financial capital. We focus on attracting exceptionally talented people and on creating an atmosphere that rewards initiative, independent thinking, and integrity. Our solid financial base, including strong capital, ensures our capacity to deliver on our commitments. 








 
Our People

The deep expertise of the Blackstone team gives us a base of intellectual capital on which to draw.



 

Our Scope
Our businesses are diversified across a wide spectrum of regions, industries, and asset classes, giving us the expertise, access to resources and critical mass to take advantage of investment opportunities on a global scale.




 
Our Performance
Our performance is characterized by a record of superior risk-adjusted returns across a broad and expanding range of asset classes and through all types of economic conditions.






 $371billion
Assets Under Management
*As of June 30, 2017




“ “Blackstone has always been managed with a perspective of achieving successful growth over the long-term… Our management has consistently sought to focus on the best outcomes for our businesses and investments over a period of years rather than on the short-term impact.”   - Blackstone Prospectus, June 2007   













In 1985 Blackstone opened its doors with a staff of four, including the two founders, Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, and a balance sheet of $400,000. From these early beginnings, besides big dreams, the founders have held these core beliefs:
     1   In an environment of ever larger firms, the most gifted would desire a more personal setting and would join Blackstone to create exciting new businesses in their fields of expertise.
            2   In a world of giant organizations    with a broad array of services, there was room for a specialized firm with the highest levels of professionalism and integrity, and senior-level attention to clients and relationships.        3   In contrast to the prevailing philosophy  of “other people’s money,” the firm would always put significant amounts of its own money in the investments it made.
            4   We will consistently strive to achieve  superior performance through innovation, uniqueness and excellence.        5  Above all else our people — their creativity,   imagination, dedication, teamwork and integrity — will be our key assets.
        





$332.7
 $92.0
 $91.6
 $67.8
 $81.3
 2Q '15
        $356.3
 $99.7
 $103.2
 $68.6
 $84.7
 2Q '16
        $371.1
 $100.0
 $104.0
 $72.5
 $94.5
 2Q '17
        





Created with Highcharts 4.1.9















































$332.7


$356.3


$371.1





$92.0




$99.7




$100.0






$91.6




$103.2




$104.0






$67.8




$68.6




$72.5






$81.3




$84.7




$94.5






2Q '15




2Q '16




2Q '17

















$371 billion


Assets Under Management




 


Private Equity


A global leader in traditional buyout, growth
equity, special situations and secondary investing



 


Real Estate


One of the world’s largest real estate
investors with a dominant platform in both equity
and debt



 


Hedge Fund Solutions


The world’s largest discretionary hedge fund
investor



 


Credit


Leading manager with a diverse credit portfolio
spanning CLOs, leveraged lending, senior debt,
mezzanine and rescue financing







 30years




 Today, 30 years since the founding of the firm, we still run the firm in the same way. 
 
That means thinking about the implications of every decision – from investments to growth initiatives, risk management to team building – in terms of years and decades rather than just months or quarters.






 





Leadership
We believe that intellectual capital is critical to providing innovative solutions and, ultimately, having a positive economic impact.
Over the years, we have been fortunate to attract some of the most talented professionals in our industry. Our people are our most valuable asset – they are skilled problem solvers that believe challenges can be opportunities.
The extensive experience, talent and accomplishments of the Blackstone team give us a base of intellectual capital that is second to none.

*Member of Blackstone's Board of Directors





Stephen A. Schwarzman*
Chairman, CEO & Co-Founder





Stephen A. Schwarzman is Chairman, CEO and Co-Founder of Blackstone. Mr. Schwarzman has been involved in all phases of the firm’s development since its founding in 1985. The firm is a leading global asset manager with $371 billion Assets Under Management (as of June 30, 2017). 
Mr. Schwarzman is an active philanthropist with a history of supporting education and schools. Whether in business or in philanthropy, he has always attempted to tackle big problems and find transformative solutions. In 2015, Mr. Schwarzman donated $150 million to Yale University to establish the Schwarzman Center, a first-of-its-kind campus center in Yale’s historic “Commons” building. In 2013, he founded an international scholarship program, “Schwarzman Scholars,” at Tsinghua University in Beijing to educate future leaders about China. At $450 million, the program is modeled on the Rhodes Scholarship and is the single largest philanthropic effort in China’s history coming largely from international donors. Mr. Schwarzman currently maintains his position as Co-Chair of the Board of Trustees of Schwarzman Scholars. In 2007, Mr. Schwarzman donated $100 million to the New York Public Library on whose board he serves. 
Mr. Schwarzman is a member of The Council on Foreign Relations, The Business Council, The Business Roundtable, and The International Business Council of the World Economic Forum. He is co-chair of the Partnership for New York City and serves on the boards of The Asia Society and New York-Presbyterian Hospital, as well as on The Advisory Board of the School of Economics and Management at Tsinghua University, Beijing. He is a Trustee of The Frick Collection in New York City and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of The John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. In 2007, Mr. Schwarzman was included in TIME’s “100 Most Influential People.” In 2016, he topped Forbes Magazine’s list of the most influential people in finance. The Republic of France has awarded Mr. Schwarzman both the Légion d'Honneur and the Ordre des Arts et des Letters at the Commandeur level.  Mr. Schwarzman is one of the only Americans to receive both awards recognizing significant contributions to France.
He is also the Chairman of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, which is charged with providing direct input to the President of the United States from business leaders through a non-partisan, non-bureaucratic exchange of ideas. 
Mr. Schwarzman holds a B.A. from Yale University and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He has served as an adjunct professor at the Yale School of Management and on the Harvard Business School Board of Dean’s Advisors.


Videos






				A Spirit of Entrepreneurship: Stephen A. Schwarzman, Blackstone's CEO, Chairman and Co-Founder
			









				Mondays at Blackstone
			












Hamilton E. James*
President & Chief Operating Officer





 Hamilton (“Tony”) E. James is President, Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone, and a member of the board of directors of our general partner, Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. He is also a member of Blackstone’s Management  Committee and sits on each of the firm’s investment committees.


Prior to joining Blackstone Mr. James was Chairman of Global Investment Banking and Private Equity at Credit Suisse First Boston and a member of the Executive Board. Prior to the acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette by Credit Suisse First Boston in 2000, Mr. James was the Chairman of DLJ’s Banking Group, responsible for all the firm’s investment banking and merchant banking activities. Mr. James joined DLJ in 1975 as an Investment Banking associate. He became head of DLJ’s global M&A group in 1982, founded DLJ Merchant Banking, Inc. in 1985, and was named Chairman of the Banking Group in 1995. He is a Director of Costco Wholesale Corporation and has served on a number of other corporate Boards.


Mr. James is a Trustee and member of The Executive Committee of The Second Stage Theatre, Trustee of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, Member of the Center for American Progress Board of Trustees, Vice Chairman of Trout Unlimited’s Coldwater Conservation Fund, Trustee of Woods Hole Oceanographic, Trustee of Wildlife Conservation Society, Advisory Board member of The Montana Land Reliance, and Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Trustees of American Ballet Theatre. He is also a former member of the President’s Export Council – Subcommittee on Technology & Competitiveness.

In 2016, Mr. James co-authored Rescuing Retirement, a book proposing a solution to America’s looming retirement crisis.


Mr. James graduated magna cum laude with a BA from Harvard College in 1973 and was a John Harvard Scholar. He earned an MBA with high distinction from the Harvard Business School and graduated as a Baker Scholar in 1975.



Videos






				Blackstone President Tony James on Creating Value for Investors
			













J. Tomilson Hill*
Vice Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone Alternative Asset Management





J. Tomilson Hill is President and Chief Executive Officer of the Hedge Fund Solutions group, Vice Chairman of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Hill was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective March 20, 2007. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee. Mr. Hill previously served as Co-Head of the Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory group before assuming his role as Chief Executive Officer of BAAM. In his current capacity, Mr. Hill is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day activities of the group, including investment management, client relationships, product development, marketing, operations and administration.  He is a member of the board of directors of Patria Investment Limited. 
Before joining Blackstone in 1993, Mr. Hill began his career at First Boston, later becoming one of the Co-Founders of its Mergers & Acquisitions Department. After running the Mergers & Acquisitions Department at Smith Barney, he joined Lehman Brothers as a partner in 1982, serving as Co-Head and subsequently Head of Investment Banking. Later, he served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of Lehman Brothers and Co-President and Co-COO of Shearson Lehman Brothers Holding Inc. 
Mr. Hill is a graduate of Harvard College and the Harvard Business School. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations where he is Chairman Emeritus of the Investment Committee and serves on the Council’s board of directors, and is a member of the board of directors of Lincoln Center Theater, where he is Chairman Emeritus. He is Chairman Emeritus of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C.  He serves on the Investment Committee of the Smithsonian Institution.  He currently serves on the board of The Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Telluride Foundation, the Advantage Testing Foundation, the Friends of the High Line, and of Our Lady Queen of Angels School, a parochial school (K-8th grade) in Spanish Harlem. He is a member of the Advisory Board of Christie’s and a member of the board of directors of First Eagle Investment Management, Hamilton Insurance Group, Limited and Advantage Testing, Inc.


Videos






				A Message from Tom Hill, President and CEO of BAAM
			












Joseph Baratta
Global Head of Private Equity





 Joseph Baratta is Global Head of Private Equity and a member of the firm's Management Committee. Since joining Blackstone in 1998, Mr. Baratta has been involved in the execution of Blackstone’s investments in Universal Orlando, Nycomed Pharmaceuticals, Houghton Mifflin, Spirit Group and was responsible for Blackstone's investments in Seaworld Parks and Entertainment, Merlin Entertainments Group, Center Parcs, Tragus Group, Southern Cross and ICS Group. In 2001, Mr. Baratta moved to London to help establish Blackstone’s corporate private equity business in Europe.
 
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Baratta was with Tinicum Incorporated, and McCown De Leeuw & Company. Mr. Baratta also worked at Morgan Stanley in its mergers and acquisitions department.
 
Mr. Baratta graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown University where he currently serves on the University's Board of Regents and the Advisory Board of the McDonough School of Business. He serves as a director of Seaworld Parks and Entertainment and Penn Engineering and formerly on the boards of current Blackstone portfolio companies Merlin Entertainments Group and Center Parcs plc. He is also a trustee of both the Tate Foundation and the Private Equity Foundation.



Videos






				Blackstone Case Study: Merlin Entertainments
			









				A Message from Joe Baratta, Global Head of Private Equity
			












David S. Blitzer
Senior Managing Director & Head of Tactical Opportunities





David S. Blitzer is a Senior Managing Director & Head of the Tactical Opportunities group.  Mr. Blitzer is based in New York, having established Blackstone’s corporate private equity investment efforts in Europe.
Since joining Blackstone in 1991, Mr. Blitzer has been involved in the execution of Blackstone’s investments in Spirit Group, SULO, Allied Waste, Aspen Insurance Holdings, Houghton Mifflin, Universal Orlando, Centerplate, Cadillac Fairview, Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation, Southern Cross, NHP, Orangina, and United Biscuits.
Mr. Blitzer graduated magna cum laude from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Blitzer serves as a Director of United Biscuits and Jack Wolfskin.







David Calhoun
Senior Managing Director,  Private Equity





David L. Calhoun is a Senior Managing Director and Head of Private Equity Portfolio Operations of Blackstone and a Member of Blackstone’s Management Committee.
Mr. Calhoun joined Blackstone in January of 2014 and oversees a team within the portfolio operations group focused on creating and driving added value initiatives with Blackstone portfolio company CEOs. 
Since the beginning of 2014, Mr. Calhoun serves as Executive Chairman of the Board for Nielsen, a company he joined in 2006 as Chief Executive Officer, shortly after it was acquired by a consortium of private equity investors including Blackstone. Throughout his seven years’ tenure, Mr. Calhoun led Nielsen’s transformation into a leading global information and measurement company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NLSN) and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.
Before Nielsen, Mr. Calhoun served as Vice Chairman of The General Electric Company and President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Infrastructure, the company’s largest business unit. During his distinguished twenty-six year tenure at GE, Mr. Calhoun ran multiple business units, including GE Lighting, GE Employers Reinsurance Co., GE Aircraft Engines, and GE Transportation (Aircraft and Rail).  Earlier in his career at GE, he held a wide range of operating, finance, and marketing roles across the company, including within GE Plastics and GE Capital.
In addition to Nielsen, Mr. Calhoun also serves on the Board of Directors of The Boeing Company and Caterpillar. He is the co-author with Rick Kash of the book “How Companies Win.”  Mr. Calhoun is a 1979 graduate of Virginia Tech, and is a member of Virginia Tech’s Pamplin Advisory Council, which advises the university on student and alumni issues.








Bennett Goodman*
Senior Managing Director & Co-founder of GSO Capital Partners





 Bennett Goodman is a Co-Founder of GSO Capital Partners (“GSO”) and Senior Managing Director of Blackstone. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Blackstone and sits on the firm’s Management Committee.
 
Since joining Blackstone in 2008, Mr. Goodman focuses on the management of GSO, which is Blackstone’s credit investment platform with over $70 billion of assets under management in various direct lending strategies, leveraged loan vehicles and distressed investment funds.
 
Before co-founding GSO in 2005, Mr. Goodman was the Managing Partner of the Alternative Capital Division of Credit Suisse. Mr. Goodman joined Credit Suisse in November 2000 when they acquired Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette ("DLJ") where he was Global Head of Leveraged Finance. Mr. Goodman joined DLJ in February of 1988 as the founder of the High Yield Capital Markets Group. Prior to joining DLJ, Mr. Goodman worked in the high yield business at Drexel Burnham Lambert from 1984 to 1988.
 
Mr. Goodman graduated from Lafayette College and the Harvard Business School. He currently sits on the board of Lincoln Center and the Central Park Conservancy. He received Institutional Investor’s 2012 Money Manager of The Year Award and the 2004 Lifetime Achievement Award from Euromoney Magazine for his career achievements in the global capital markets.



Videos






				A Message from Bennett Goodman, Co-Founder of GSO
			












Jonathan D. Gray*
Global Head of Real Estate





 Jonathan D. Gray is Global Head of Real Estate and a member of the board of directors of Blackstone. He also sits on the firm’s Management Committee.
 
Since joining Blackstone in 1992, Mr. Gray has helped build the largest real estate platform in the world with $93 billion in investor capital under management. Blackstone’s portfolio includes hotel, office, retail, industrial and residential properties in the U.S., Europe, Asia and Latin America.
 
Mr. Gray currently serves as Chairman of the Board of Hilton Worldwide and is a board member of Brixmor Properties. He is also Chairman of the Board of Harlem Village Academies and a board member of Trinity School. Mr. Gray and his wife, Mindy, established the Basser Center for BRCA at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine focused on the prevention and treatment of certain genetically caused cancers.
 
Mr. Gray received a BS in Economics from the Wharton School, as well as a BA in English from the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of Pennsylvania, where he graduated magna cum laude and was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.



Videos






				A Message from Jon Gray, Global Head of Real Estate
			









				Blackstone Real Estate Strategy
			












Joan Solotar
Senior Managing Director & Head of Multi-Asset Investing & External Relations





 Joan Solotar is a Senior Managing Director & Head of Multi-Asset Investing & External Relations at Blackstone and a member of the firm’s Management Committee.  Ms. Solotar has management responsibility for shareholder relations and public affairs and also guides the firm on analyzing strategic development opportunities.


Before joining Blackstone in 2007, Ms. Solotar was with Bank of America Securities where she was a Managing Director and Head of Equity Research.  She started her career in equity research at The First Boston Corporation and, prior to joining Bank of America, was part of the financial services team at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, and later with CSFB as a Managing Director.  Ms. Solotar was consistently ranked highly in the Brokers and Asset Management category of the Institutional Investor “All-America Research Team” and the Greenwich Survey of portfolio managers. She also served as Chairperson of the Research Committee for the Securities Industry Association and is currently serving on the Advisory Board of Evine.


Ms. Solotar Chairs the Board of Directors of Blackstone’s Charitable Foundation.  She is also Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the East Harlem Tutorial Program and the East Harlem Scholars Academy.  She is the author of a Harvard Business Review article entitled “Truths for our Daughters,” as well as “Truths from My Daughter.”

Ms. Solotar received a B.S. in Management Information Systems from the State University of New York at Albany and an M.B.A. in Finance from New York University.








Michael Chae
Senior Managing Director & Chief Financial Officer





Michael S. Chae is a Senior Managing Director and the Chief Financial Officer of Blackstone. Mr. Chae has management responsibility over the firm’s global finance, treasury, technology, and corporate development functions. 
Since joining Blackstone in 1997, Mr. Chae has served in a broad range of leadership roles including Head of International Private Equity, Head of Private Equity for Asia/Pacific, and overseeing Private Equity investments in various sectors as well as the investment process for the Tactical Opportunities fund. Mr. Chae led or was involved in numerous Blackstone investments over that time period. 
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Chae worked at The Carlyle Group, L.P. and prior to that with Dillon, Read & Co. 
Mr. Chae graduated magna cum laude with an AB from Harvard College, and received an MPhil in International Relations from Cambridge University and a JD from Yale Law School. 
He has served on numerous boards of private and publicly traded portfolio companies. Mr. Chae is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Lawrenceville School and Chairman of its Investment Committee, and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Board of Trustees of the Asia Society.








John G. Finley
Senior Managing Director & Chief Legal Officer





 John G. Finley, a Senior Managing Director, is the firm’s Chief Legal Officer.
 
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Finley had been a partner with Simpson Thacher & Bartlett for 22 years where he was most recently a member of that law firm's Executive Committee and Head of Global M&A.
 
Mr. Finley is a member of the Advisory Board of the Harvard Law School Program on Corporate Governance and a Trustee of the Jewish Board of Family and Children Services. He is also a guest lecturer at Harvard Law School. He has served on the Committee of Securities Regulation of the New York State Bar Association and the Board of Advisors of the Knight-Bagehot Fellowship in Economics and Business Journalism at Columbia University. He has also served as Chairman of the Annual International Mergers & Acquisitions Conference of the International Bar Association.
 
Mr. Finley has a BS in Economics, summa cum laude, from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania (1978), a BA in History, summa cum laude, from the College of Arts and Sciences of the University of Pennsylvania (1978), and a JD, cum laude, from Harvard Law School (1981).








James W. Breyer*
Founder and CEO of Breyer Capital





James W. Breyer is a member of the board of directors of our general partner.  Mr. Breyer is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Breyer Capital, a global venture capital fund. Mr. Breyer has been an investor in over 30 public and private consumer internet, media and technology companies, many of which have completed public offerings or successful mergers. He served as Partner at Accel Partners from 1990 to 2016 and Managing Partner from 1995 to 2011. Mr. Breyer has been an active investor in China for over a decade and is lead outside sponsor, partner and investor in IDG China Capital Funds.
Mr. Breyer currently serves on the board of directors of Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. and Circle Internet Financial, Inc. and previously served on the board of directors of Facebook, Inc. from 2005 to 2013, Dell, Inc. from 2009 to 2013, and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. from 2001 to 2013, as well as a number of other prominent technology and media companies.
Mr. Breyer has been ranked #1 on Forbes’ Midas List of top technology investors multiple times and is former Chairman of the National Venture Capital Association and former President of the Western Association of Venture Capitalists. Mr. Breyer is a fellow of the Harvard Corporation, member of the Advisory Board of Stanford University School of Engineering, Trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Trustee of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, member of the Council on Foreign Relations, Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management in Beijing, and in 2005 was named an Honorary Professor at the 1,000 year-old Yuelu Academy at Hunan University.
Mr. Breyer graduated from Stanford University with a BS degree and from Harvard University with an MBA, where he was named a Baker Scholar.







Peter T. Grauer*
Chairman, Bloomberg L.P. 





Peter T. Grauer is a member of the board of directors of our general partner.  Mr. Grauer is Chairman of Bloomberg L.P., a global financial information and media company. A board member of Bloomberg since 1996, he became Chairman in 2001, succeeding Michael R. Bloomberg, and then Chairman, President and CEO a year later.
From 2000 to 2002, he was managing director and senior partner of Credit Suisse First Boston, founding both DLJ Merchant Banking Partners and DLJ Investment Partners. He was managing director of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette from 1992 until CSFB acquired it in 2000.
Mr. Grauer is lead director of DaVita Health Care Partners, Inc, and Senior Independent Non-Executive Director of Glencore. He is a member of the Business Council, the Asia Business Council, the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum, and Founding Chairman of the WEF Community of Chairmen. He is President of the Inner City Scholarship Fund Board of Trustees, Chairman of the Rockefeller Finance & Operations Committee, Chair of the College Advising Corps, and board member of Room to Read and the Prostate Cancer Foundation. He is Founding U.S. Chair of the 30% Club, a Member of the Advisory Council of Out on the Street, and the McKinsey Advisory Council.







Richard Jenrette*
Retired Chairman and CEO, The Equitable Life Assurance Society; Founder, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc.





 Richard Jenrette is a member of the board of directors of our general partner.
 
Mr. Jenrette is the retired former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Equitable Companies Incorporated and the co-founder and retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, Inc.
 
He is also a former Chairman of The Securities Industry Association and has served in the past as a director or trustee of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Advanced Micro Devices Inc., the American Stock Exchange, The Rockefeller Foundation, The Duke Endowment, the University of North Carolina, New York University and The National Trust for Historic Preservation.









Rochelle B. Lazarus*
Chairman Emeritus & Former Chief Executive Officer, Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide





 Rochelle B. Lazarus is a member of the board of directors of our general partner.  Ms. Lazarus is Chairman Emeritus and former Chief Executive Officer of Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide, a global marketing communications company.
She joined Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide in 1971, becoming president of its U.S. direct marketing business in 1989. She then became president of Ogilvy & Mather New York and president of Ogilvy & Mather North America before becoming President and Chief Operating Officer of the worldwide agency in 1995; Chief Executive Officer in 1996, which position she held to 2008; and Chairman from 1997 until her retirement in June 2012.
Ms. Lazarus also serves on the boards of Merck & Co., Inc., General Electric (where she chairs the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Responsibility Committee), the World Wildlife Fund, Partnership for New York City and Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts; is a trustee of the New York Presbyterian Hospital; and is a member of the Board of Overseers of Columbia Business School. She is also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, The Business Council, and Women's Forum, Inc.
A graduate of Smith College, Ms. Lazarus also holds an MBA from Columbia University.







Jay O. Light*
Dean Emeritus, Harvard Business School





 Jay O. Light  is a member of the board of directors of our general partner.
 
As Dean of Harvard Business School, Mr. Light is currently leading innovations in the School’s core educational programs and plays an active role in the University’s planning for Allston. Prior to becoming Dean, Professor Light was Senior Associate Dean, Chairman of the Finance Area, and a Professor teaching Investment Management, Capital Markets, and Entrepreneurial Finance for 30 years.
 
Mr. Light is a director of the Harvard Management Company, a director of Partners HealthCare (the Mass General and Brigham & Women’s Hospitals) and chairman of its Investment Committee, a member of the Investment Committee of several endowments, a director of several private firms, and an advisor/trustee to several corporate and institutional pools of capital.








The Right Honorable Brian Mulroney*
Former Prime Minister of Canada





 The Right Honerable Brian Mulroney is a member of the board of directors of our general partner. Mr. Mulroney is a senior partner and international business consultant for the Montreal law firm, Ogilvy Renault LLP/ S.E.N.C.R.C., s.r.l.
 
Prior to joining Ogilvy Renault, Mr. Mulroney was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from 1984 to 1993 and leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 and 1993. He served as the Executive Vice President of the Iron Ore Company of Canada and President beginning in 1977. Prior to that, Mr. Mulroney served on the Clich'e Commission of Inquiry in 1974.
 
Mr. Mulroney is a member of the Board of Directors of Archer Daniels Midland Company, Barrick Gold Corporation, Quebecor Inc., Quebecor World Inc., the World Trade Center Memorial Foundation and Wyndham Worldwide Corporation.








William G. Parrett*
Retired CEO and Senior Partner, Deloitte (Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu)





William G. Parrett is a member of the board of directors of our general partner.
Mr. Parrett was elected to the board of directors of our general partner effective November 9, 2007. Until May 31, 2007, Mr. Parrett served as the Chief Executive Officer of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. Certain of the member firms of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu or their subsidiaries and affiliates provide professional services to The Blackstone Group L.P. or its affiliates. Mr. Parrett co-founded the Global Financial Services Industry practice of Deloitte and served as its first Chairman.
Currently, Mr. Parrett is Senior Trustee of the United States Council for International Business. Mr. Parrett is a member of the board of directors of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Eastman Kodak Company and UBS AG, and is Chairman of the audit committee of each of these companies as well as the Corporate Responsibility Committee of UBS and the Strategy and Finance Committee of Thermo Fisher. He is also a member of the Board of Directors of Conduent. Mr. Parrett is a member of the Board of Trustees of Carnegie Hall and a past Chairman of the Board of Trustees of United Way Worldwide. Mr. Parrett is a Certified Public Accountant with an active license.
















Senior Advisors & Consultants
The advisors and consultants listed below are independent professionals that work with Blackstone and our portfolio companies to provide unique global perspectives, strong regional knowledge and access to a wealth of relationships that enhance our ability to serve our clients and capture opportunities around the world. While not employees, personnel, partners or otherwise affiliates of Blackstone, these professionals have a strong and strategic professional connection with Blackstone.
Our network is comprised of highly respected individuals who possess a wealth of experience in both the private and public sectors. These advisors work with Blackstone professionals on generating new business, advising on transactions and giving business-related expertise.

 





James Albaugh
Senior Advisor










Mimi Alemayehou
Executive Advisor &  Chair of Blackstone Africa Infrastructure L.P.





Mimi Alemayehou is an Executive Advisor and Chair of Blackstone Africa Infrastructure L.P. 

Prior to joining Blackstone, Ms. Alemayehou was the Executive Vice President of The Overseas Private Investment Corporation (OPIC), the development finance agency of the U.S. government, in the Obama Administration.

During Ms. Alemayehou’s tenure from 2010 to 2014, OPIC’s portfolio grew by more than 24 percent to $18 billion. Her leadership was instrumental in tripling the corporation’s Africa portfolio to nearly $4 billion. Ms. Alemayehou was one of the architects of President Obama’s Power Africa initiative to increase energy access across the continent.  

Previously, Ms. Alemayehou was appointed by President George W. Bush to serve as the United States Executive Director on the board of the African Development Bank (AfDB).  As the senior Treasury official in Africa, Ms. Alemayehou represented the U.S. on Treasury and development issues and was instrumental in pushing the AfDB to increase its lending to the private sector in support of infrastructure projects.   
Prior to AfDB, Ms. Alemayehou was Founder and Managing Partner of Trade Links, LLC, a development consulting firm.  Ms. Alemayehou also managed a multi-country trade project in Africa for the International Executive Service Corps, and was Director of International Regulatory Affairs for WorldSpace Corporation, a satellite telecommunications company. She started her career in the U.S. Congress, working for U.S. Representative Mac Thornberry. 

Ms. Alemayehou holds a Masters degree in International Business and International Law and Development from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University.








Bob Barthelmes
Senior Advisor





Bob Barthelmes is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone with a focus on leveraging software services and technology across the Blackstone portfolio companies, specifically for Blackstone’s investments in India-based technology companies.
Mr. Barthelmes is the former EVP and GM of the Open Source Division at Misys Corporation, and the Global Vice President of Business Consulting Services at IBM.  His team at Misys was featured in Harvard Business Review’s, “Great Leaders in Innovation.”
Mr. Barthelmes received a degree from the University of Lowell with a major in Business Administration and a minor in mathematics/computer science.  He attended the IBM Executive Programs at Harvard Business School and the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.  He is currently on the Executive Committee for the Frank Lloyd Write Foundation.  







Wayne Berman
Senior Advisor





Wayne Berman is Senior Advisor for Global Government Affairs to the Blackstone Group.
A highly regarded advisor on the management of political and legislative risk, government relations strategy, and both domestic and foreign policy, Mr. Berman has advised dozens of companies over his 35 years in Washington.  He is a former chairman of Ogilvy Government Relations, one of the leading firms of its kind in the United States.   
Mr. Berman’s public service includes a presidential appointment as Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Policy and a variety of positions in eight Presidential political campaigns.  He served as Senior Advisor for the Bush-Cheney Transition (2001), Vice Presidential Campaign Director for Dole-Kemp (1996), member of the Budget and Policy Priorities Committee of the Pataki Transition Team (1994), Deputy Director and Executive Producer of the 1992 Republican National Convention, Senior Staff and Director of Congressional Relations during the Bush Campaign (1988), and Deputy Director of the Reagan-Bush Transition Team (1981).
Mr. Berman received a B.A. in History from the University of Buffalo.







Claudio Boada
Senior Advisor and Chairman of Blackstone Iberia





Claudio Boada is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone, focused on advising Blackstone on investment opportunities in Spain and Portugal.  He is also involved with facilitating introductions and performing due diligence on prospective partners, as well as helping Blackstone understand key dynamics in Spain and Portugal.
Mr. Boada is currently Honorary Chairman of Círculo de Empresarios (similar to the U.S. Business Roundtable), Chairman of Atlas Capital Private Equity, Chairman of the Advisory Board of Abantia Ticsa, Member of the Board of Directors of Abantia Empresarial and Aegon España, S.A., Member of the European Advisory Board of HSBC and Senior Advisor of HSBC for Spain & Portugal and Member of the Board of Asociación para el Progreso de la Dirección “APD” (similar to the American Management Association).
Mr. Boada is the former Chairman of Holcim España, S.A., Chairman of the Advisory Board of AON Gil y Carvajal, Member of the Board of Directors of Areas, S.A., Non-Executive Chairman of Lehman Brothers Spain & Portugal, General Manager of Banco de Progreso, and was involved with international financing and mergers and acquisitions for Dillon, Read Overseas Corporation for Spain & Portugal.
Mr. Boada received a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from the Madrid Polytechnic University, and an M.B.A. from the University of Southern California.  He was distinguished in 2005 by the Madrid Official Association of Industrial Engineers as “Engineer of the Year.”







Derek Cheng
Senior Advisor





Derek Cheng is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone’s Private Equity group focusing on investments in Greater China.  He is the former Assistant CEO of China Resources Capital Holdings Co., and before that held numerous positions within the company.
Mr. Cheng received an MBA degree from University of Louisville and a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of International Business and Economics, China.  








Mary Anne Citrino
Senior Advisor





Mary Anne Citrino is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone.
Ms. Citrino is a former Senior Managing Director in the Blackstone Advisory Partners group and advised a broad range of clients in the consumer products industry including Procter & Gamble, Kraft Foods and Nestlé. Notable transactions include advising P&G on numerous assignments, including the split-off of Folger's Coffee in a Reverse Morris Trust transaction to Smuckers, the purchase of Ambi-Pur from Sara Lee, the sale of its European tissue/towel business (Bounty, Charmin and Tempo) to SCA, its minority investment in MDVIP and the acquisition of Doctor's Dermatologic Formula. She advised Kraft on its Reverse Morris Trust transaction with Ralcorp of Kraft's Post cereal business, Stiefel on the sale of the company to GSK, Albertson's on the sale of the company, Nestlé on the purchase of Kraft’s frozen pizza business, Coty on its acquisition of philosophy, North Castle on the sale of Avalon Natural Products to Hain Celestial, and the board of Atkins Nutritionals on the sale of the company.
Before joining Blackstone in 2004, Ms. Citrino was Global Head of Consumer Products Investment Banking Group at Morgan Stanley. Prior to running the Consumer Products group, Ms. Citrino was Co-Head of Health Care Services Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley. Ms. Citrino spent more than 20 years advising clients at Morgan Stanley. Notable transactions at Morgan Stanley include advising Unilever on its acquisitions of Ben & Jerry's, Slim-Fast and Helene Curtis as well as selling its Diversey Lever business to SC Johnson. She also advised Pfizer on its sale of Schick to Energizer, Hershey Trust on its attempted sale of Hershey to Wrigley, and structured and advised on Heinz's Reverse Morris Trust spin-off assets to Del Monte. In December 2009, the Blackstone consumer advisory team was recognized by the M&A Advisor with the awards for Deal of the Year in the Americas” (P&G’s divestiture of its Folgers coffee business to J.M. Smucker) and “Dealmaker of the Year” (Mary Anne Citrino).
Ms. Citrino received a BA in Economics from Princeton University, Phi Beta Kappa, and received her MBA from Harvard Business School as a George F. Baker scholar. She is a Director of Dollar Tree Stores, Inc., Health Net, Inc., and Hewlett Packard, Inc., and serves on the Advisory Council for the Center for Health and Wellbeing at Princeton University.







General Wesley K. Clark
Senior Advisor





General Wesley K. Clark is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone with a focus on the firm’s private equity activities in the energy sector.
General Clark serves as Chairman and CEO of Wesley K. Clark & Associates, a strategic consulting firm; Co-Chairman of Growth Energy; senior fellow at UCLA's Burkle Center for International Relations; Director of International Crisis Group; Chairman of City Year Little Rock; as well as numerous corporate boards. General Clark has authored three books and serves as a member of the Clinton Global Initiative's Energy & Climate Change Advisory Board, and ACORE's Advisory Board.
General Clark retired a four star general after 38 years in the United States Army. He graduated first in his class at West Point and completed degrees in Philosophy, Politics and Economics at Oxford University (B.A. and M.A.) as a Rhodes Scholar.
His awards include the Presidential Medal of Freedom, Defense Distinguished Service Medal (five awards), Silver star, bronze star, purple heart, honorary knighthoods from the British and Dutch governments, and numerous other awards from other governments, including award of Commander of the Legion of Honor (France). 







Theodore Craver Jr.
Senior Advisor





Theodore (Ted) Craver, Jr., is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone’s Infrastructure group.  
Previously, Mr. Craver was Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Edison International, one of the nation’s largest electric utilities companies, since 2008.  Before joining Edison in 1996, Mr. Craver served as Executive Vice President and Corporate Treasurer of First Interstate Bancorp, where he led the integration of this multi-bank company’s funding, risk management, investment, and insurance activities.  Throughout much of his 23 years in banking, he served in various capital markets sales and trading positions at Security Pacific National Bank, Bankers Trust Company of New York, and First Interstate Bancorp. 
Mr. Craver is currently a non-executive director at Duke Energy.  He is also a member of the Economic Advisory Council of the Federal Reserve Bank’s 12th District, and serves on the Board of the Smithsonian National Museum of American History and is the Vice Chair of the Autry Museum of the American West.  Previously, he served on the Board of Directors of Health Net and Edison International. 
Mr. Craver earned an MBA and a bachelor’s degree in economics and international relations from the University of Southern California.







John Dionne
Senior Advisor





John D. Dionne is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone and a Lecturer in the Finance Unit at the Harvard Business School.
Until he retired from his position as a Senior Managing Director of Blackstone in 2013, Mr. Dionne was most recently its Global Head of the Private Equity Business Development and Investor Relations Groups, and also served as a member of its Private Equity Investment and Valuation Committees. During his tenure in this position, Mr. Dionne led global fundraising efforts of over $25 billion for three new private equity investment vehicles in the period immediately following the financial crisis.
Mr. Dionne originally joined Blackstone in 2004 as the Founder and Chief Investment Officer of the Blackstone Distressed Securities Fund, the firm's initial entry into the single-manager hedge fund business, with peak assets under management of over $2 billion. During this period, he also served on the Investment Committees of Blackstone’s GSO and Kalix investment businesses.
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Dionne was for several years a Partner and Portfolio Manager for Bennett Restructuring Funds, a multi-billion dollar hedge fund specializing in financially troubled companies, during which time he also served on several official and ad-hoc creditor committees.
Previously, Mr. Dionne was a Partner at Saugatuck Capital where he invested in middle-market buyouts and restructured troubled portfolio companies. From 1991 through 1996, he was Director of Corporate Development for a predecessor of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. Mr. Dionne began his career at Price Waterhouse as a public accountant.
Mr. Dionne has served on the board of directors of many companies and not-for-profit institutions. He is a Chartered Financial Analyst and Certified Public Accountant (inactive).
Mr. Dionne received academic honors while earning an MBA from the Harvard Business School and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Scranton, where he is a past Chair of its' Board of Trustees.








Gerard Errera
Senior Advisor &  Chairman of Blackstone France





Ambassador Gérard Errera is Chairman of the Blackstone Group in France.
Prior to this, Mr. Errera, a career diplomat, was Secretary General of the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs (2007-2009), Ambassador to the United Kingdom (2002-2007), to NATO (1995-1998) and Director General for Political Affairs of the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs (1998-2002). He also served as Director for International Affairs at the French Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) and Governor for France at the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). He was on the Board of AREVA and EDF. Mr. Errera is a regular contributor to the Financial Times. He is a graduate of the Ecole Nationale d’Administration (ENA). He is Officier of the Légion d’Honneur and Commander of the Victorian Order (C.V.O.).







Bob Friedman
Senior Advisor





Robert L. Friedman is a Senior Advisor of The Blackstone Group L.P.
Mr. Friedman joined Blackstone in 1999 as a Senior Managing Director, working primarily in Blackstone’s Private Equity Group and also participating in the work of its Financial Advisory Group.  He served as Chief Legal Officer of the firm from 2003 through 2010, continuing for most of that period to also participate in some of the work of the firm’s Private Equity Group and its Financial Advisory Group.  He also served as the firm’s Chief Administrative Officer from 2003 through 2007. In 2012 he retired as a Senior Managing Director and became a Senior Advisor of the firm.
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Friedman had been a partner of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett for 25 years, where he was a senior member of that New York City law firm’s mergers and acquisitions practice. 
Mr. Friedman has served on 12 different boards of directors of public and private companies over the past 15 years.  He currently serves as a director of Axis Capital Holdings Limited and YRC Worldwide Inc. and is Chairman of the Board of Harrington Reinsurance Holding Ltd.  He is also a member of the boards of directors of each of United Way of New York City, Nantucket Land Council and New Alternatives for Children, serving as Chairman of the Board of the latter organization, which conducts a variety of programs for disadvantaged youth in New York City who suffer from physical and mental disabilities.
Mr. Friedman graduated from Columbia College in 1964 and received a JD from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1967.







Dan Gillerman
Senior Advisor





Ambassador Dan Gillerman is Senior Advisor to Blackstone Israel and is a member of Blackstone's International Advisory Board. 
Ambassador Gillerman is chairman of Gillerman Global Ltd, a global strategic consulting firm. He served as Israel's Ambassador to the United Nations from 2003-2008 and was elected Vice President of the General Assembly in 2005.
Prior to his appointment to the UN, Ambassador Gillerman was Chairman of the Israel Chamber of Commerce from 1985 till 2002. He served on the Boards of several Israeli companies and major banks,including Bank Leumi,The First International Bank,and Israel's Central Bank.
Ambassador Gillerman is Chairman of the Board of the Israel Opera, Co-Chairman of the AIFL (the America-Israel Friendship League), a member of the Executive Board of the Weizman Institute of Science, and a member of the Boards of Governors of The Hebrew University, Tel Aviv University and the Jewish Agency. He is a trustee of The Tel Aviv Museum of Art and the Cameri theater.
Ambassador Gillerman studied Political Science and Economics at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem and Law at Tel Aviv University. He received Honorary Doctorates (Honorus Causa) from Bar Ilan University and the Academic College, Netanya.







Constantine Gonticas
Senior Advisor











Bill Gray
Senior Advisor










Jill Greenthal 
Senior Advisor





Jill A. Greenthal is a Senior Advisor in the Private Equity Group. Prior to September 2007, Ms. Greenthal was a Senior Managing Director in the Advisory Group. She is based in Boston.  Before joining Blackstone in 2003, Ms. Greenthal was Co-Head of the Global Media Group, Co-Head of the Boston Office and a member of the Executive Board of Investment Banking at Credit Suisse First Boston. Ms. Greenthal was also Co-Head of the Boston office of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, before its acquisition by CSFB. Prior to joining DLJ, she was Head of the Media Group at Lehman Brothers.   Ms. Greenthal has advised and financed media companies for over 30 years, having worked in all sectors of the business. As a Senior Advisor to Blackstone’s Private Equity group, Ms. Greenthal works closely with the global media and technology teams to assist in investments in those sectors.   Ms. Greenthal graduated as a member of The Academy from Simmons College and received an MBA from Harvard Business School. Ms. Greenthal is on the Board of Directors of Akamai Technologies, Michaels Stores, Inc., The Weather Channel Companies and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.  Ms. Greenthal is also a Trustee of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, The James Beard Foundation, Simmons College and is an Overseer of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.







Arthur Higgins
Senior Advisor










David Jacobs 
Executive Advisor





David Jacobs is an Executive Advisor to Blackstone’s Tactical Opportunities Group.  He is primarily involved with originating, sourcing and evaluating investments in private opportunities with a particular focus on acquisitions and investments in portfolios. 
Mr. Jacobs was previously an Investment Partner and member of the Board of Directors of Nova Capital Management, a specialist acquirer of portfolios sourced from both corporate and private equity sellers, and has headed global groups for both Morgan Stanley and Deutsche Bank.  Mr. Jacobs has over 30 years of investment banking experience providing financial advisory services to companies around the world.  He has been involved in innovative and complex mergers and acquisitions, and financing transactions for clients in the consumer, retail and business services sectors.  
Mr. Jacobs graduated cum laude from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and received an MBA from the Wharton Business School.








David Johnson
Senior Advisor





David Johnson advises all Blackstone business units  on their technology investments. 
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Johnson was Senior Vice President of Strategy at Dell Corporation, where he was responsible for software, corporate strategy, corporate development, and acquisition integration.  Prior to joining Dell, Mr. Johnson held a number of positions at International Business Machines, including Vice President of Corporate Development, responsible for the company’s acquisitions, divestitures, minority investments, and acquisition integration.  Dave serves as a Blackstone member of the Optiv and Pactera Board of Directors.


Mr. Johnson received a B.A. in English and an M.B.A. from Boston College.







Kemal Kaya
Senior Advisor





Kemal Kaya is a Senior Advisor based in Turkey. Mr. Kaya focuses on developing business initiatives and advising Blackstone on potential transactions as well as helping to identify potential advisory opportunities in the region. Mr Kaya also serves as Chairman of the Board of Multi Turkey.
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Kaya was the CEO of Yapi Kredi Bank, one of the leading financial groups in Turkey. He assumed this position after leading Turkey’s first privately owned bank merger, the combination of Yapi Kredi Bank and Kocbank. Before the merger of the two banks, Mr. Kaya served as General Manager of Kocbank and CEO of Koc Financial Services, a financial holding company owned by Koc Holding, and UniCredit. Mr. Kaya played a leading role in the formation of the Koc Holding -UniCredit partnership in 2002. Earlier in his career, he also held various senior positions in financial institutions and investor relations management at Yapi Kredi Bank.
Mr. Kaya was educated in the United States and received his BS in Business Administration from the University of Kansas. 







Yuji Kage 
Senior Advisor





Yuji Kage is a Senior Advisor in the Investor Relations & Business Development group and is based in Tokyo.
Before joining Blackstone in 2009, Mr. Kage was the MD-CIO of Pension Fund Association of Japan for four years. Prior to that, he led LTCB Investment Management, UBS Asset Management Japan, and Shinkin Asset Management as CEO. Mr. Kage has 23 years of experience in Corporate Finance, including a ten-year assignment in London, as Executive Vice-President, and in New York, as Chief Executive Officer, of an LTCB subsidiary.
Mr. Kage served as a member of the advisory committees of FSA, MHLW, Government Pension Investment Fund, Tokyo Stock Exchange, and a few major institutions. Currently, he is a member of the board of Securities Analyst Association of Japan, and he serves as a member of the advisory boards of several government-related bodies and institutions.
Mr. Kage received a B.A. in Economics from Tokyo University. He also attended the Corporate Finance Program at Harvard Business School.







Andrew Kuo
Senior Advisor





Andrew Kuo is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone for Greater China. 
Before joining Blackstone Mr. Kuo was Managing Director and Head of Greater China for H&Q Asia Pacific. Prior to that he was Managing Director, Senior Country Officer, and Vice Chairman of the Greater China Operating Committee of JP Morgan in Hong Kong. Mr. Kuo was also with Citibank Taipei, as the Head of the Corporate Banking Group. He has served on the Advisory Committee of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA) and as a member of the Advisory Board for InvestHK.
Mr. Kuo received a BA from Fu-Jen Catholic University and an MBA from the City University of New York.  Mr. Kuo is also an independent non-executive director of Cathay Financial Holdings in Taiwan and of Samson Holding in Hong Kong.








Andrew Lapham
Executive Advisor










John A. Magliano
Senior Advisor





John A. Magliano is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone. Prior to his retirement at the end of 2016, Mr. Magliano was most recently a Managing Director and head of Blackstone’s Tax Group.
Mr. Magliano joined Blackstone in 2002 and held a number of key leadership positions in the firm’s Finance group including responsibility for the firm’s global tax initiatives including strategic planning, tax compliance and reporting. He previously was the CFO of Blackstone’s Private Equity Group and oversaw the accounting, tax and financial reporting and administration of the Group. Prior to that, Mr. Magliano oversaw Blackstone's partnership finance and accounting team. Mr. Magliano was also involved in other strategic planning projects for the firm. 
Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Magliano was the owner of a consulting firm, where he worked with a large state pension fund, corporations, partnerships, and high net worth individuals. Prior to establishing his firm, Mr. Magliano was a partner with Arthur Andersen, where he spent approximately 20 years in the firm's tax division.
Mr. Magliano received a BS in Accounting from St. John's University, where he graduated cum laude. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the AICPA and NYSSCPA.







Philippe Meyer
Senior Advisor





Philippe Meyer is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone’s Private Equity group, focused primarily on the industrials sector.  
Before becoming a Senior Advisor for Blackstone, Mr. Meyer was President of Tyco Flow Control, a manufacturing and distribution business with over 13,000 employees, operating in 130 locations worldwide.  During his tenure, Tyco Flow Control grew from $40 million to an over $3 billion global business, which is considered a world leader in its industry.  Prior to joining Tyco in 1991, Mr. Meyer held various management positions, the most recent being Directeur de Marché, at Pont-A-Mousson S.A., a division of the Saint-Gobain group in France.  

Mr. Meyer has served on the boards of several current and former Blackstone portfolio companies, including Gerresheimer and Klöckner Pentaplast.  He also serves as Executive Chairman of Cala Capital, a small-cap private equity firm based in Belgium.







James A. Quella
Senior Advisor





James Quella serves as an advisor focusing on strategy and operational performance of Blackstone’s private equity portfolio companies. Mr. Quella currently serves on the boards of Catalent, DJO, Freescale and Michaels Stores.
Previously, Mr. Quella was a Senior Managing Director and the Head of Portfolio Operations at Blackstone between 2004 and 2013, where he led the performance improvement initiatives across all businesses and functions at the portfolio companies. Prior to that, Mr. Quella was a Managing Director and Senior Operating Partner with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Merchant Banking Partners-CSFB Private Equity.
Before that, Mr. Quella worked at Mercer Management Consulting and Strategic Planning Associates, its predecessor firm, where he served as a Senior Consultant to Chief Executive Officers and senior management teams and was Co-Vice Chairman. He is also the co-author of “Profit Patterns: 30 Ways to Anticipate and Profit from the Strategic Forces Reshaping Your Business”.
Mr. Quella received a BA in International Studies from the University of Chicago & University of Wisconsin-Madison and an MBA with dean’s honors from the University of Chicago.








Peter Rose
Senior Advisor





Peter Rose is a Senior Advisor for Public Affairs.
Prior to becoming a Senior Advisor, Mr. Rose was a Senior Managing Director, heading Blackstone’s Public Affairs Group. Mr. Rose was responsible for media relations and government relations, as well as communications to a broad range of public and other constituencies.
Before joining Blackstone in 2007, Mr. Rose was at Goldman Sachs for 20 years. He was a lobbyist and political analyst in their Washington office and in 1996 moved to New York to open Goldman Sachs first ever media relations office as it began the transition from a private to a public company. In 1998 he moved to Asia to set up a corporate communications function for Goldman Sachs there, returning in 2003 to head the media relations function for the firm in the Americas. Before joining Goldman Sachs, he was Chief of Staff for Congressman Mike Synar (D Okla) and a partner with a Washington DC law firm. Mr. Rose has a BA from the George Washington University and received a JD from Yale Law School. He is a member of the national board of the NAACP.








Steven Saslow 
Senior Advisor





Steven Saslow serves as a Senior Advisor to Blackstone’s Alternatives Asset Management Group (BAAM).  In this capacity, Mr. Saslow advises the company’s investment committee, mentors and trains analysts and associates, and maintains relationships with hedge funds. 
Prior to his appointment as Senior Advisor, Mr. Saslow served as  the Chief Investment Officer of the Blackstone Relative Value Fund from 2002-2005, a Managing Director in BAAM from 2006-2007, and most recently as a consultant to the firm from 2007 -2016.
Mr. Saslow began his career at the Bank of New York after receiving a BA from Rutgers College. He later became a Partner and Senior Executive for Carroll McEntee & McGinley, Senior Executive and Trading Desk Manager for Marine Midland Bank, and Executive Managing Director at HSBC.
Mr. Saslow also serves as a mentor for Rutgers University Road to Wall Street Program, designed to boost the preparation skills for a select group of students who demonstrate strong interest in and knowledge of financial markets.







Timothy Schifter
Senior Advisor





Timothy Schifter is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone, focusing on the apparel, accessories, and footwear industries globally.
Prior to his appointment as a Senior Advisor, Mr. Schifter was a consultant to the firm from May 2012 to May 2013 and has participated in the firm’s analysis of a number of investment opportunities in the fashion, apparel and luxury industries and was involved in the execution of the firm's investment in Simone. Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Schifter was Chief Executive Officer of Schifter + Partners LLC and prior to that he was Chief Executive Officer and co-owner of LeSportsac, Inc.
Mr. Schifter graduated with a BA degree from Pitzer College. Mr. Schifter serves as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of J.W. Hulme Co and as a member of the Board of Directors of Serena & Lily, R.G. Barry as well as Simone.







Yong Kyu Shin
Senior Advisor











James R. Socas
Executive Advisor





James R. Socas is an Executive Advisor to Tactical Opportunities at Blackstone.  Mr. Socas has invested in, advised and financed software and technology companies for over twenty years, having worked in all sectors of the industry as a senior executive, board member, growth capital investor, and strategic advisor. 
Before joining Blackstone in 2017, Mr. Socas was General Partner at Updata Partners, a technology growth equity firm, and co-managed the firm.  Earlier, Mr. Socas served on the global leadership team of Symantec (Nasdaq: SYMC), as head of corporate development, leading Symantec’s mergers & acquisitions, corporate venture investing, and strategic, financial and technology alliances. He conceived, negotiated and executed Symantec’s highly publicized international joint venture with Huawei Technologies, one of China’s leading technology companies, and drove the successful billion dollar acquisition of systems management leader Altiris, as well as several other major corporate acquisitions. Prior to Symantec, Mr. Socas was a Managing Director with Credit Suisse First Boston and Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, executing over $20 billion in M&A transactions and $15 billion in capital raising for technology industry clients.  
Mr. Socas  has served on numerous public and non-profit boards and also served two terms on Virginia’s Board of Corrections.  He  is a graduate of the University of Virginia and the Harvard Business School. He lives in McLean, Virginia with his wife and three sons. 







Maggie Wilderotter
Senior Advisor





Maggie Wilderotter is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone, focused on providing due diligence on potential telecom and technology investment opportunities for Blackstone’s Private Equity group and GSO Capital Partners LP.
Prior to joining Blackstone, Mrs. Wilderotter was Chief Executive Officer of Frontier Communications from November 2004 to April 2015 and then Executive Chairman of the company until April 2016. During her tenure with Frontier, the company grew from a regional telephone company with customer revenues of less than $1 billion to a national broadband, voice and video provider with operations in 29 states and annualized revenues in excess of $10 billion.
Previously, Mrs. Wilderotter was Senior Vice President of Global Business Strategy and ran the Worldwide Public Sector at Microsoft. Before this, she was President and CEO of Wink Communications Inc., Executive Vice President of National Operations for AT&T Wireless Services Inc., Chief Executive Officer of AT&T's Aviation Communications Division, and a Senior Vice President of McCaw Cellular Communications Inc.
Mrs. Wilderotter serves on the boards of Costco Wholesale Corporation, Dream Works Animation, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, and Juno Therapeutics, Inc. as well as a number of private and non-profit organizations. Mrs. Wilderotter served on the President's National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee (NSTAC). From October 2010 to October 2012 she was Vice Chairman of NSTAC, and from October 2012 to November 2014 she served as Chairman of NSTAC.  Currently Mrs. Wilderotter is a Commissioner on the Presidents Cyber Security Policy Commission.
Mrs. Wilderotter is a member of the Board of Directors of The Conference Board; a member of the Executive Committee of the Catalyst Board of Directors; a member of the Board of Women in America; and a member of the Business Council and the Committee of 200. In 2014, she chaired the Blue Ribbon Committee on Board Strategy for NACD and is a member of WomenCorporateDirectors (WCD).
Mrs. Wilderotter holds a bachelor's degree in economics from the College of the Holy Cross. In 2014, she was awarded an Honorary Doctor of Engineering degree, honoris causa, from the Stevens Institute of Technology.







John Van der Wielen
Senior Advisor





John Van der Wielen has over 25 years of experience in Wealth Management, Private Banking and Insurance, which includes senior executive positions in Global Financial Services Groups.  He has led acquisitions and integration programs in several entities and has been an executive board member of ASX and FTSE companies.


Mr. Van Der Wielen’s most recent roles were with Friends Life and Resolution Plc U.K, ANZ Banking Group Australia and Lloyds Banking Group Plc U.K.  He currently serves on the boards of Lombard International Assurance-Luxembourg, Aviva plc subsidiary Friends, Provident International-Isle of Man, Arena Living-New Zealand, Partners Life-New Zealand, and KYCKR - ASX listing Australia.


Mr. Van Der Wielen studied at the University of Western Australia, London Business School and SAID Business College at Oxford.








Melford Yuan
Senior Advisor





Melford Yuan is a Senior Advisor to Blackstone’s Private Equity group focusing on investments in Greater China.  Before joining Blackstone, Mr. Yuan was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley since 2007. He later became the Chief Representative of Morgan Stanley’s Beijing Office. 
Mr. Yuan received a BS in Economics from the State University of New York. He also studied Accounting at the Bernard Baruch College and Business Law at the Capital University of Economics and Trade.








Mike S. Zafirovski
Executive Advisor





Mike Zafirovski is an Executive Advisor to Blackstone, and serves on the board of directors of three  of Blackstone’s portfolio companies: non-executive chairman of DJO Global and PGI and independent director of Apria Healthcare Services. Since 2004, he has also served on the board of directors of Boeing, and since  2012, on the board of Stericycle.
Mr. Zafirovski is a founder and president of The Zaf Group, a management consulting and investment firm. Previously, Mr. Zafirovski served as President and CEO of Nortel, a global communications technology company; President and COO of Motorola; and during a 25-year career at GE, served as President and CEO of five GE businesses in the consumer, industrial and financial services arenas.
Among his education, civic and philanthropic activities, he is Vice Chairman of AUSL, the organization that helps turn around the most challenged public schools in Chicago. He is a visiting lecturer at the Northwestern Kellogg School of Management and Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business. A Macedonia native, he is a founding director and chairman of Macedonia 2025, an organization aiming to improve the country’s economic and democracy developments. He is a member of The Economic Club of Chicago and The Chicago Council of Global Affairs.
From 2006 to 2010, Mr. Zafirovski was a presidential appointee to the National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee (NSTAC). NSTAC provides analytics and recommendations to the President on a wide range of policy and technical issues related to telecommunications, information systems, information assurance, infrastructure protection, and other national security and emergency preparedness concerns.
Mr. Zafirovski holds a B.A. in mathematics from Edinboro University in Pennsylvania. 






our history









				1985
			
Blackstone is founded by Stephen A. Schwarzman and Peter G. Peterson. 

					They began with a balance sheet of $400,000 and a clear vision of an independent, conflict-free, client-focused firm whose interests would be closely aligned with those of its clients and investors.
				






				1990
			
BAAM, the firm’s Hedge Fund Solutions business, is founded.






				1992
			
The firm’s Real Estate group is formed.






				1993
			
Blackstone becomes the largest independent alternative asset manager.






				1999
			
The firm’s corporate debt group is formed.






				2007
			
The firm completes its IPO listing on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BX.






				2008
			
GSO Capital Partners is Acquired

					GSO Capital Partners is acquired, firmly positioning itself as one of the largest credit-oriented alternative asset managers.
				






				2008
			
The Blackstone Charitable Foundation is established.






				2010
			
Blackstone establishes strategic partnership with Patria Investments in Brazil.






				2012
			
The firm’s Tactical Opportunities business launches.






				2013
			
Blackstone acquires Strategic Partners, our secondary private fund of funds business.






				2015
			
The firm spins off its Advisory, Restructuring, and Park Hill fund placement businesses, which are combined with PJT Capital LP to form PJT Partners.






















   Back to Top
 








Quick Links



Explore Blackstone



Get in Touch




























© 2016 The Blackstone Group L.P. | English | 中文 (Chinese)

Transparency & Disclosure | Legal | Privacy | Cookie Notice | Japan Disclaimer


プライバシー・ポリシー   | 法規制に基づく開示
ブラックストーン・グループ・ジャパン株式会社
金融商品取引業者 関東財務局（金商）第１７８５号
加入協会/ 一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会







Cookie Information and Consent Request
Blackstone Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies, including third-party cookies, which allow Blackstone to obtain information about your visit to the website. Please click on the link "Learn More" below if you would like more information about the cookies used on this website and how to select certain cookies. You will also be able to refuse the installation of certain cookies. By continuing to use this website (clicking on a picture or link under this banner), you consent to the use of cookies.

 Learn More 
Continue 








×

Stay up-to-date
Email Alerts



To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien's Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.

 


email address (required)






first name (required)





last name (required)






company name



job title








Byron Wien Market Commentary





Blackstone Press Releases












  Submit








 ×
Contact Us
General

For office-specific contact information, please visit our offices page. 
 Switchboard: +1 (212) 583-5000

Email Alerts & Investor Relations

To receive email notifications when press releases or Byron Wien’s Market Commentaries are posted, sign up for email alerts here.


For investor relations contact information or to receive email notifications for SEC filings, events, end of day stock quotes, and financial reports, please visit our Investor Relations page.

Investor Relations Contact Information
  US: +1 888-756-8443
 International: +1 646-313-6590
 BlackstoneInvestorRelations@blackstone.com 

Media Contacts

For media inquiries or recent press releases, please click here.











 
 




Blackstone Group: The $290 billion alternative investment manager - Market Realist

































































 


 

X





Welcome to Market Realist
Thank you for registering.


















<



















						Global ETF Analysis					

Global Equity ETFs
, 
Exchanged Traded Funds
, 
European Equity ETFs
, 
Emerging Markets
, 
Country ETFs

Income ETF Analysis
Real Estate Investment Trusts
, 
Master Limited Partnerships
, 
Fixed Income ETFs




						Sector Analysis					

Basic Materials
, 
Consumer Discretionary
, 
Consumer Staples
, 
Energy and Power
, 
Financials
, 
Healthcare
, 
Industrials
, 
Real Estate
, 
Tech, Media, and Telecom
, 
Utilities

Active Management
Mutual Funds
, 
Hedge Funds
, 
Closed-end Funds

Profile
Login
, 

About
About Us






















The Blackstone Group: Investing with an alternative giant




		PART:
		
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15

 





















		The Blackstone Group: Investing with an alternative giant PART 1 OF 15


Blackstone Group: The $290 billion alternative investment manager


By Robert Karr  

					


					 |
				

				Feb 26, 2015				8:27 am EDT            










Active fund manager
Blackstone Group (BX) is an alternative investment asset manager with almost $290 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2014. The company also provides financial advisory services to clients around the globe. Two of Blackstone’s primary limited partners are corporate and public pension funds. Limited partners commit capital to private equity players to earn better returns than indexed returns.











Interested in BX?
				Don't miss the next report.
			

Sign Up


				Receive e-mail alerts for new research on BX




Success! 
			You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new  research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address.
		

Success! 
 has been added to your Ticker Alerts.
		

Success! 
 has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.
		


Alternative investment management is an active style of investing. It attempts to outperform the major indices, such as the S&P 500 (SPY), instead of replicating returns as is the case in passive fund management. Active fund management generally requires a performance fee over and above a certain fixed fee for managing funds.



Product offerings
Blackstone’s alternative asset management includes investment vehicles focused on private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, fund of funds, non-investment grade credit, and multi-asset class exposures outside of other funds’ mandates. The company also provides these financial advisory services:
financial and strategic
restructuring and reorganizing
capital markets
fund placement
Inorganic growth strategies
Blackstone pursues inorganic growth strategies to expand its market and foray into different product categories. These are some of the company’s high-profile investments and acquisitions:
Strategic Partners Fund Solutions – private equity arm of Credit Suisse (CS)
Vivint – security provider
CT Investment Management – an investment management unit of Capital Trust
GSO Capital Partners LP
Blackstone faces competition in the alternative management space from The Carlyle Group LP (CG), KKR & Co. (KKR), Apollo Global Management (APO) and T. Rowe Price Group (TROW), all of which are known to pursue similar inorganic growth strategies. TROW makes up 0.72% of the Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (XLF).









 





{"metrics":["Open"],"tickers":["BX","KKR","SPY","XLF","APO"],"ticker_names":["The Blackstone Group L.P.","KKR & Co. L.P.","SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust","Financial Select Sector SPDR (ETF)","Apollo Global Management LLC"]}





 






 

























X


Please select a profession that best describes you:


Individual Investor
Business Executive
Wirehouse


Financial Advisor
RIA
Institutional Investor




For Market Realist updates, enter your email below






Submit





Thank you!






 










			Follow us on Twitter
		






















 







 








Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I L.P. · 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154, United States · 549300HGEHI6REJZ3M97










Toggle navigation





LEISearch




Legal Entity
Local Operating Unit

Country

United States
Germany
Italy
France
United Kingdom
Luxembourg
Canada
Netherlands
Spain
Sweden













Find Legal Entities





Go



















			Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I L.P. 549300HGEHI6REJZ3M97
345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154, United States




LEI




United States




US-NY




10154




GMEI Utility




LIMITED PARTNERSHIP











Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I L.P. is a legal entity in 
		United States.
	The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 549300HGEHI6REJZ3M97.
	The LEI is issued by the Local Operating Unit (LOU) GMEI Utility.
	The headquarters address is 345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154, United States.
		The region is US-NY.
			The postal code is 10154.
		The initial registration date is 2015-06-05.




Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I L.P. · 345 Park Avenue




Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)

		549300HGEHI6REJZ3M97		


Legal Name

			Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I L.P. 


Legal Address

			C/O Intertrust Corporate Services Delaware Ltd.200 Bellevue ParkwaySuite 210Wilmington Region:

					US-DE (US-DE)
		

Country:

					United States (US)
		

Postal Code:

			19809		




Headquarters Address

			345 Park AvenueNew York Region:

					US-NY (US-NY)
		

Country:

					United States (US)
		

Postal Code:

			10154		




Legal Jurisdiction

United States (US)



Legal Form


					LIMITED PARTNERSHIP				



Entity Status

		ACTIVE		


Managing Local Operating Unit (LOU)


					GMEI Utility (EVK05KS7XY1DEII3R011)
				








LEI Registration  · 549300HGEHI6REJZ3M97 · Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I L.P.




Legal Name

		Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2015 I L.P.		


Initial Registration Date

		2015-06-05T01:42:02.042Z		


Last Update Date

		2016-06-03T10:11:22.462Z		


Registration Status

		LAPSED		


Next Renewal Date

		2016-06-02T20:51:28.891Z		


Validation Sources

		FULLY_CORROBORATED		


Managing Local Operating Unit (LOU)


						GMEI Utility (EVK05KS7XY1DEII3R011)
					










				345 Park Ave, New York, NY 10154, États-Unis			








street_number: 
			345			
route: 
			Park Avenue (Park Ave) 			
neighborhood, political: 
			Turtle Bay			
sublocality_level_1, sublocality, political: 
			Manhattan			
locality, political: 
			New York			
admin_level_2, political: 
			New York County			
admin_level_1, political: 
			New York (NY) 			
country, political: 
			États-Unis (US) 			
postal_code: 
			10154			
 types : street_address			
 latitude: 40.7577378
 longitude: -73.9723024
 latlng: (40.7577378, -73.9723024)






10154 ·   Legal Entity Identifier




Legal Name
Address


 Viva Capital Designated Activity Company 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Custom Solutions Platform Ltd. - Blackstone CSP-MST DEO Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BEMAP Master Fund Ltd. 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone CMBS Holdings Non-IG L.P. 

					 42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BREDS III SD NQ-II L.L.C. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BIAUTO S.R.L. 

					VIA BOLOGNA, 102, TORINO, IT-TO 10154, IT					


 BREDS III SD NQ L.L.C. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Ladder Capital Asset Management LLC 

					8th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Capital Partners (Cayman) VII NQ L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Custom Solutions Platform Ltd. - Blackstone CSP-MST HF10 Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Custom Solutions Platform Ltd. - Blackstone CSP-MST GRP Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Custom Solutions Platform Ltd. - Blackstone CSP-MST ED Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Custom Solutions Platform Ltd. - Blackstone CSP-MST GF Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BPP 590 Middlefield LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Gavilan Resources, LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 GSO Credit Alpha Annex Fund B LP 

					 31st Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate Partners (Offshore) VII-NQ L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 GSO Harrington Credit Alpha Fund L.P. 

					 31st Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE CA Redlands LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Titan Unit Trust 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					






















 dachbau kalkar 
 holzwerkstoffe oster-ohrstedt 
 folienherstellung gernrode 
 herc co 27500 riverview 
 new equipment company aylmer ontario 
 hotel diagnol b.v. herikerbergweg 238 
 lei search 
 1/f the henley building 5 queens road central hong kong 
 archmore scsp sicav-sif 
 549300lghgyefnee0h02 lei 
 starwood mexico sevicios 
 300-4865 marc-blaine st. staint 
 folienherstellung glowe 
 bruker 600 milik street cateret nj 07008 
 sberbank of russia 19 vavilova street117997 moscow russia sanctions 
 adresse ubs luxembourg rue albert borschette 
 tah holding lp san francisco ca 
 hospira enterprises oriola sweeden 
 msa mondata partners 3110 main street suite 310 santa monica ca 90405 
 folienherstellung reichertshofen 

















United States · Postal 10154 · Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)










Toggle navigation





LEISearch




Legal Entity
Local Operating Unit

Country

United States
Germany
Italy
France
United Kingdom
Luxembourg
Canada
Netherlands
Spain
Sweden













Find Legal Entities





Go



















			United States · Postal 10154 · Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 





LEI




United States




10154











					Postal code 10154 of United States has 439 Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI).
				



US  10154 · Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)




Legal Name
Address


 BRE/Wailea LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 GSO Churchill Partners LP 

					 31st Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Asia Property Partners - AD L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BPP 590 Middlefield LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Newton Hotels Property Owner LP 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 22 East 13th St Trevi LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Alternative Investment Advisors LLC 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Boylston Owner LLC 

					 42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 MSR GL/DR Mezz A LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers Japan JPX-Nikkei 400 Equity ETF 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 44 Wall Owner, LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Asia Property Partners - AD-NQ L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers Japan JPX-Nikkei 400 Hedged Equity ETF 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE RC Huntington Square NY LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution-NQ 2014 L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers Harvest CSI 300 China A-Shares ETF 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 G6 Canada Mezz 2C L.P. 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 GSO Credit Alpha Trading (Cayman) LP 

					 31st Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Paragon MF Alvista Terrace CA LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Parlex 5 Ken EUR Finco, LLC 

					42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 785 Madison Trevi LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Capital Partners (Cayman II) VI L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 MSR GL/DR Senior Mezz LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone US Equity Fund L.P. 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE RC York MP PA LP 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Alternative Investment Funds - Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Imagination Office Mezz 1 LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone CMBS Holdings Non-IG L.P. 

					 42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Polygon Mezz B LLC 

					 42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers Emerging Markets Bond - Interest Rate Hedged ETF 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 OpCo Mezz B LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BREDS III SD NQ-II L.L.C. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate SG (NQ) Cayman Co-Investment L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE SPECIAL SITUATIONS EUROPE.2 L.P. 

					345 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK, 10154, US					


 Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Sub Fund IV L.L.C. 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE MF Rockwall LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 GSO Special Situations Master Fund LP 

					 31st Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Skyview Retail Owner LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BEMAP Master Fund Ltd. 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Paragon MF Alvista Baltimore CA LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 G6 Hospitality Property LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers iBoxx Emerging Markets Quality Weighted Bond ETF 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Custom Solutions Platform Ltd. - Blackstone CSP-LP SOR Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Alternative Asset Management L.P. 

					28th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Master Trust 

					345 Park Avenue 3rd Floor, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Parlex 5 Ken ONT Finco, LLC 

					42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Mount Temple Unit Trust 

					29TH FLOOR 345 PARK AVENUE, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE SSP Property Owner LLC 

					 42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Newton Hotels Mezz 2A LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers High Yield Corporate Bond - Interest Rate Hedged ETF 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE MF Canyon Springs LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE/PAC Nevada LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers MSCI Emerging Markets Hedged Equity ETF 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE PARTNERS INTERNATIONAL II L.P. 

					345 PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK, 10154, US					


 MSR GL/DR Mezz B LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Las Colinas Mezz B LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers Dow Jones Hedged International Real Estate ETF 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Capital Partners (Cayman) VI IT-C L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate Partners (Offshore) VII L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 TRIANGULAR TDR FUND L.P. 

					29TH FLOOR 345 PARK AVENUE, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Treasury Solutions Master Fund L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Alternative Investment Funds - Blackstone Alternative Multi-Strategy Fund 

					28th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Alternative Investment Funds - Blackstone Alternative Multi-Manager Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154-2900, US					


 BRE RC Cinco Ranch TX LP 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers MSCI Germany Hedged Equity ETF 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Capital Partners (Cayman) VI IT-A L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BREP VIII Cayman Super Holding (NQ) L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 GSO Energy Liquid Opportunities Fund LP 

					 31st Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE RC Riverpark SC TX LP 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Capital Partners (Cayman) VI BK - B L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution 2014 L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BTO Midas L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone CMBS Fund - G L.P. 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers S&P Hedged Global Infrastructure ETF 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE IPC Industrial Mezz LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate Special Situations Advisors L.L.C. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE NE Hospitality Mezz 2A LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE NE Hospitality Property Owner LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 OpCo Senior Mezz LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Overseas Master Fund L.P. 

					 31st Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone CMBS Holdings - G L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE FSC Multifamily Mezz A Borrower LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Thunder Mezz C GL LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate Partners Asia Holding-NQ II L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BSOF Master Fund II L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Custom Solutions Platform Ltd. - Blackstone CSP-LP CLTN Fund 

					29th Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone TR Master Fund L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Park Avenue Tower Mezz A LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Silver MF Mill WA LLC 

					 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE Thunder Desert Ridge Property Owner LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BREDS III SD NQ L.L.C. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies III - Gaussian L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Blackstone Property Partners Europe F L.P. 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBx ETF Trust - DBx ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers FTSE Developed ex US Comprehensive Factor ETF 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 DBX ETF Trust - Deutsche X-trackers Barclays International Treasury Bond Hedged ETF 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 BRE RC Mezz 2 LLC 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 Hotel Associates of Sarasota, Ltd. 

					Blackstone Real Estate Advisors 42nd Floor 345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					







US   · Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)




Legal Name
Address


 SunE GLT Ironwood Solar, LLC 

					830 Morris Turnpike Suite 204, Short Hills, US-NJ 07078, US					


 RSCLI Realty, LLC 

					100 Quentin Roosevelt Boulevard, Garden City, US-NY 11530, US					


 Traffix - San Clemente Partners, LLC 

					33881 Nauticus Isle, Dana Point, US-CA 92629, US					


 Women's Center and Shelter Civil Law Project 

					PO Box 9024, Pittsburgh, US-PA 15224, US					


 RJC Holdings, LLC 

					5758 West Las Positas Boulevard, Pleasanton, US-CA 94588, US					


 Permal Managed Account Platform ICAV 

					900 3rd Avenue, New York, US-NY 10022, US					


 Cottonwood Multifamily REIT I, Inc. 

					6340 South 3000 East Suite 500, Salt Lake City, US-UT 84121, US					


 BRE RC Timber Creek TX LP 

					345 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10154, US					


 MFS Development Funds, LLC – MFS Contrarian Value Development Portfolio 

					111 Huntington Avenue, Boston, US-MA US					


 SM Stonebridge Plaza, LLC 

					 800 Newport Center Drive Suite 700, Newport Beach, US-CA 92660, US					


 Hecate Energy Randolph LLC 

					1115 Rosa L Parks Boulevard, Nashville, US-TN 37208, US					


 Propel Venture Partners US Fund I, L.P. 

					55 2nd Street Suite 1900, San Francisco, US-CA 94105, US					


 Rhode Island Fast Ferry, Inc. 

					1347 Roger Williams Way, North Kingstown, US-RI 02852, US					


 Keith Wilcox & Sons Inc. 

					 1110 Golden Beauty Drive, Rexburg, US-ID 83440, US					


 LMA SPC - MAP 212 Segregated Portfolio 

					3801 PGA Boulevard Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens, US-FL 33410, US					


 Kellogg Treasury Services Company 

					 PO Box 3599 1 Kellogg Square, Battle Creek, US-MI 49016-3599, US					


 USA Legwear, LLC 

					1411 Broadway, New York, US-NY 10018, US					


 Commercial Liquidation Property 4, LLC 

					2711 Centerville Road Suite 400, Wilmington, US-DE 19808, US					


 Cox Ventures V, Inc. 

					10859 US Highway 98 West Suite 301, Miramar Beach, US-FL 32550, US					


 Rockpoint Real Estate Fund V Offshore, L.P. 

					3953 Maple Avenue Suite 300, Dallas, US-TX 75219, US					
















 dachbau kalkar 
 holzwerkstoffe oster-ohrstedt 
 folienherstellung gernrode 
 herc co 27500 riverview 
 new equipment company aylmer ontario 
 hotel diagnol b.v. herikerbergweg 238 
 lei search 
 1/f the henley building 5 queens road central hong kong 
 archmore scsp sicav-sif 
 549300lghgyefnee0h02 lei 
 starwood mexico sevicios 
 300-4865 marc-blaine st. staint 
 folienherstellung glowe 
 bruker 600 milik street cateret nj 07008 
 sberbank of russia 19 vavilova street117997 moscow russia sanctions 
 adresse ubs luxembourg rue albert borschette 
 tah holding lp san francisco ca 
 hospira enterprises oriola sweeden 
 msa mondata partners 3110 main street suite 310 santa monica ca 90405 
 folienherstellung reichertshofen 

















GMEI Utility ·  11th Floor 570 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, US-NJ 07310, United States










Toggle navigation





LEISearch




Legal Entity
Local Operating Unit

Country

United States
Germany
Italy
France
United Kingdom
Luxembourg
Canada
Netherlands
Spain
Sweden













Find Legal Entities





Go



















			GMEI Utility EVK05KS7XY1DEII3R011
 11th Floor 570 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, US-NJ 07310, United States




Local Operating Unit











GMEI Utility is a Local Operating Unit (LOU)
	sponsored by .
	The number of Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) records is 237103 (2017-02-13).
	The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is EVK05KS7XY1DEII3R011.
	The address is  11th Floor 570 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, US-NJ 07310, United States.




GMEI Utility ·  Local Operating Unit




Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)

		EVK05KS7XY1DEII3R011		


Legal Name

		GMEI Utility		


Sponsor Country
 ()


Headquarters Address
 11th Floor 570 Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, US-NJ 07310, United States


Record Count

		237103		


ContentDate

		2017-02-13		


Last Attempted Download Date

		2017-02-13		


Last Successful Download Date

		2017-02-13		


Last Valid Download Date

		2017-02-13		









				570 Washington Blvd, Jersey City, NJ 07310, USA			








street_number: 
			570			
route: 
			Washington Boulevard (Washington Blvd) 			
neighborhood, political: 
			The Waterfront			
locality, political: 
			Jersey City			
admin_level_2, political: 
			Hudson County			
admin_level_1, political: 
			New Jersey (NJ) 			
country, political: 
			United States (US) 			
postal_code: 
			07310			
postal_code_suffix: 
			1617			
 types : street_address			
 latitude: 40.7289032
 longitude: -74.0341959
 latlng: (40.7289032, -74.0341959)






GMEI Utility · Local Operating Unit




Legal Name
Address


 Aegon Community Investments 51, LLC 

					4333 Edgewood Road North East, Cedar Rapids, US-IA 52499, US					


 Independent UCITS Platform (Ireland) ICAV - WVS Macro Fund 

					4th Floor One George's Quay Plaza George's Quay, Dublin 2, IE-D D02 E440, IE					


 VanEck VIP Trust - VanEck VIP Long/Short Equity Index Fund 

					666 Third Avenue, New York, US-NY 10017, US					


 Linderås Lantteknik AB 

					Smålandsvägen 6, Tranås, SE-F 573 97, SE					


 James P. and Rosaleen C. Kelly Trust 

					 54 Hacienda Circle, Orinda, US-CA 94563, US					


 SSgA SPDR ETFs Europe I Public Limited Company - SPDR Barclays 1-3 Year Euro Government Bond UCITS ETF 

					State Street Financial Center 1 Lincoln Street, Boston, US-MA 02111, US					


 Rosecrans SFS, LLC 

					1690 Ashley Way, Colton, US-CA 92324, US					


 Coronation Global Investment Strategies SPC Ltd 

					2nd Floor Coast Buildings Wickhams Cay II, Road Town, VG1110, VG					


 MML Series Investment Fund - MML Equity Index Fund 

					100 Bright Meadow Boulevard, Enfield, US-CT 06082, US					


 Comlight AS 

					Bjørnstadveien 16 Grålum, Sarpsborg, NO-01 1712, NO					


 Vitol Panama S.A. 

					11th Floor 2925 Richmond Avenue, Houston, US-TX 77098, US					


 Schroder International Risk-Managed Equity Trust I 

					 1 Freedom Valley Drive Oaks, Upper Providence Township, US-PA 19456, US					


 Implementa Hebe AB 

					Odarslövsvägen 50, Lund, SE-M 224 82, SE					


 HTG Hammock Ridge, LLC 

					3225 Aviation Avenue Suite 602 Coconut Grove, Miami, US-FL 33133, US					


 Flextrus Halmstad AB 

					Box 22, Lund, SE-M 221 00, SE					


 Cerealista Rigon & Ceretta Ltda 

					BR 386 KM 49, Seberi, BR-RS 98380-000, BR					


 Arcade Finance Public Limited Company - 2017-263 Life MIP Universal Selection 90-6 

					4th Floor Hanover Building Windmill Lane Dublin 2, Dublin, IE-D D02 DH99, IE					


 MP Acquisition Holdings, Ltd 

					5 New Street Square, London, GB-ENG EC4A 3TW, GB					


 Apikal Fastighetspartner AB (publ) 

					4tr Grev Turegatan 14, Stockholm, SE-AB 114 46, SE					


 The District At Westborough Properties, LLC 

					4509 Pine Tree Circle, Vestavia Hills, US-AL 35243, US					


 Arcca Real Estate Corp. 

					2288 2nd Street Pike Penns Park, Wrightstown Township, US-PA 18943, US					


 Værdipapirfonden Lokalinvest 

					 Søndergade 3, Randers, DK-82 8900, DK					


 Edward Chapman Ladies' Shop Limited 

					2596 Granville Street, Vancouver, CA-BC V6H 3G8, CA					


 William Blair Funds - William Blair Small Cap Value Fund 

					222 West Adams Street, Chicago, US-IL 60606, US					


 Summer Wood WA, LLC 

					200 Crescent Court Suite 440, Dallas, US-TX 75201, US					


 William Blair Funds - William Blair Small-Mid Cap Value Fund 

					222 West Adams Street, Chicago, US-IL 60606, US					


 Dot Red LLC 

					535 Route 6 & 209, Milford, US-PA 18337, US					


 Global Investment Fund I - US MML Portfolio II 

					 919 North Market Street Suite 420, Wilmington, US-DE 19801, US					


 Pendragon Fund 

					PO Box 47 150 King Street West Suite 1710, Toronto, CA-ON M5H 1J9, CA					


 MML Series Investment Fund - MML Large Cap Growth Fund 

					100 Bright Meadow Boulevard, Enfield, US-CT 06082, US					


 JAM Development II, LLC 

					12550 Lake Station Place, Louisville, US-KY 40299, US					


 1909559 Alberta Ltd 

					109 Braden Crescent North West, Calgary, CA-AB T2L 1N2, CA					


 Imedra #5900 Family Limited Partnership 

					5900-5994 Pacific Boulevard, Huntington Park, US-CA 90255, US					


 Pacific Holdco, Inc. 

					4001 Kennett Pike Suite 302, Wilmington, US-DE 19807, US					


 1869945 Ontario Inc 

					Unit 3 757 Sheppard Avenue West, Toronto, CA-ON M3H 2S9, CA					


 Keystone Clearwater Solutions, LLC 

					34 Northeast Drive, Hershey, US-PA 17033, US					


 Jagger's House Limited Partnership 

					5th Floor 10960 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, US-CA 90024, US					


 657-667 Mission Property Owner LLC 

					2711 Centerville Road Suite 400, Wilmington, US-DE 19808, US					


 Penns Park Associates, L.L.C. 

					2288 2nd Street Pike Penns Park, Wrightstown Township, US-PA 18943, US					


 Ripasso Energy AB (Publ) 

					Gruvgatan 35 B Västra Frölunda, Gothenburg, SE-O 421 30, SE					


 Lyxor Index Fund - Lyxor $ Floating Rate Note UCITS ETF 

					 17 Cours Valmy, Puteaux, FR-92 92800, FR					


 Allied Realty Co. 

					20 26th Street, Huntington, US-WV 25703, US					


 Lord Abbett Investment Trust - Lord Abbett Corporate Bond Fund 

					90 Hudson Street, Jersey City, US-NJ 07302, US					


 Controlfida UCITS Funds Public Limited Company - Controlfida Evolution UCITS Fund 

					George's Court 54-62 Townsend Street, Dublin, IE-D D02 R156, IE					


 Transiro Int. AB 

					Karlavägen 40, Stockholm, SE-AB 114 49, SE					


 Fidelity Securities Fund - Fidelity Blue Chip Growth K6 Fund 

					245 Summer Street, Boston, US-MA 02210, US					


 Briox AB 

					Framtidsvägen 12, Växjö, SE-G 352 57, SE					


 William Blair Funds - William Blair Small-Mid Cap Growth Fund 

					222 West Adams Street, Chicago, US-IL 60606, US					


 Arcade Finance Public Limited Company - 2017 262 Life MIP European Quality 1 

					4th Floor Hanover Building Windmill Lane Dublin 2, Dublin, IE-D D02 DH99, IE					


 Tapolo Invest OÜ 

					Osmussaare tee 10, Tallinn, EE-37 13619, EE					


 7001 Ridgeway, LLC 

					7001 North Ridgeway, Lincolnwood, US-IL 60712, US					


 Never No AS 

					Storgata 32, Oslo, NO-03 0184, NO					


 IQS Energi Komfort AB 

					Tillverkarvägen 16, Täby, SE-AB 187 66, SE					


 Royal Columbian WA, LLC 

					200 Crescent Court Suite 400, Dallas, US-TX 75201, US					


 Woodman West Preservation, L.P. 

					 60 Columbus Circle, New York, US-NY 10023, US					


 K'NEX Limited Partnership Group 

					2990 Bergey Road, Hatfield, US-PA 19440, US					


 Kotak Funds - India MidCap Fund 

					16, boulevard d'Avranches, Luxembourg, LU-LU L-1160, LU					


 Highland Park Church of the Nazarene, Inc. 

					4777 Lakeland Highlands Road, Lakeland, US-FL 33813, US					


 Rosedale Federal Savings and Loan Association 

					9616 Belair Road, Nottingham, US-MD 21236, US					


 MML Series Investment Fund - MML Growth Allocation Fund 

					100 Bright Meadow Boulevard, Enfield, US-CT 06082, US					


 Fort Washington Private Equity Investors IX-B, L.P. 

					303 Broadway Suite 1200, Cincinnati, US-OH 45202, US					


 Kotak Funds - India Growth Fund 

					16, boulevard d'Avranches, Luxembourg, LU-LU L-1160, LU					


 Safety Pharmacology Society 

					1821 Michael Faraday Drive Suite 300, Reston, US-VA 20190, US					


 Dauenhauer Acquisition Corporation 

					3416 Robards Court, Louisville, US-KY 40218, US					


 Throckmorton FW 3, LLC 

					19th Floor 885 3rd Avenue, New York, US-NY 10022, US					


 Development Transformations LLC 

					1518 K Street North West, Washington, US-DC 20005, US					


 BIF II Safe Harbor Holdings III LLC 

					75 State Street Suite 2701, Boston, US-MA 02109, US					


 228 Andover Street, LLC 

					228 Andover street, Wilmington, US-MA 01887, US					


 Syfan Manufacturing, Inc. 

					PO Box 203 1622 Twin Bridges Road, Williamston, US-NC 27825, US					


 Agrototal - Produtos Agroquímicos S.A. 

					Rua dos Navegantes, nº 48 R/C Esqº, Lisbon, PT-11 1200-732, PT					


 SPDR UCITS ETF Seeding Account 

					State Street Financial Center 1 Lincoln Street, Boston, US-MA 02111, US					


 Data Mortgage, Inc. 

					2200 West Orangewood Avenue Suite 150, Orange, US-CA 92868, US					


 Western Marine Holdings Ltd. 

					1494 Powell Street, Vancouver, CA-BC V5L 5B5, CA					


 LifeAssays AB (publ) 

					Sölvegatan 43A, Lund, SE-M 223 70, SE					


 William Blair Funds - William Blair Mid Cap Growth Fund 

					222 West Adams Street, Chicago, US-IL 60606, US					


 Vip Gold Series Fund Subsidiary 

					 89 Nexus Way, Camana Bay, KY1-9007, KY					


 Fidelity Contrafund - Fidelity Contrafund K6 

					245 Summer Street, Boston, US-MA 02210, US					


 Aegon LIHTC Fund 51, LLC 

					4333 Edgewood Road North East, Cedar Rapids, US-IA 52499, US					


 ExeoTech Invest AB (publ) 

					Norra vägen 18, Kalmar, SE-H 392 34, SE					


 William Blair Funds - William Blair Small Cap Growth Fund 

					222 West Adams Street, Chicago, US-IL 60606, US					


 Bakkavor Foods USA, Inc. 

					2700 Westinghouse Boulevard, Charlotte, US-NC 28273, US					


 William Blair Funds - William Blair Growth Fund 

					222 West Adams Street, Chicago, US-IL 60606, US					


 Schwarz Partners II, L.P. 

					3600 Woodview Trace Suite 300, Indianapolis, US-IN 46268, US					


 VanEck Vectors ETF Trust - VanEck Vectors High Income Infrastructure MLP ETF 

					9th Floor 666 3rd Avenue, New York, US-NY 10017, US					


 Campus Park a.s. 

					Klimentská 1216/46 Nové Město Praha 1, Prague, CZ-PR 110 00, CZ					


 Lewis Clark Recycling and Disposal, LLC 

					907 North Jackson Street, Harrisburg, US-IL 62946, US					


 Sunshine Dairy, LLC 

					18037 County Road East West 181, Frederick, US-OK 73542, US					


 Johnny Cheng-I Huang and Sophy Lin Huang, Trustees of Naomi Trust 

					348 West Naomi Avenue, Arcadia, US-CA 91007, US					


 UB, INC. 

					PO Box 981194, West Sacramento, US-CA 95798, US					


 First Primary Home Care, Inc. 

					2805 South Expressway 83, Harlingen, US-TX 78550, US					


 MML Series Investment Fund - MML Focused Equity Fund 

					100 Bright Meadow Boulevard, Enfield, US-CT 06082, US					


 Værdipapirfonden Sparinvest 

					 Søndergade 1, Randers, DK-82 8900, DK					


 Spektrumare AB 

					Stationsvägen 25, Åre, SE-Z 830 13, SE					


 Carle Place Leasehold SPE, LLC 

					4333 Edgewood Road North East, Cedar Rapids, US-IA 52499, US					


 Fort Washington Private Equity Investors IX-K, L.P. 

					303 Broadway Suite 1200, Cincinnati, US-OH 45202, US					


 Empire Mining Co., LLC 

					5080 Cameron Street, Las Vegas, US-NV 89118, US					


 MML Series Investment Fund - MML Moderate Allocation Fund 

					100 Bright Meadow Boulevard, Enfield, US-CT 06082, US					


 Jordan Valley Station Holdings, II, LLC 

					2121 South McClelland Drive Suite 303, Salt Lake City, US-UT 84106, US					


 Gold Town Games AB 

					Storgatan 53, Skellefteå, SE-AC 931 30, SE					


 GridGain Systems, Inc. 

					1065 East Hillsdale Boulevard Suite 220, Foster City, US-CA 94404, US					



















 gmei utility 
 rohrsanierung boitze 
 baufachmarkt boitze 
 gmeiutility.org/attachments/ 
 clarient global 570 washington blvd jersey city nj 07310 
 dachbau kalkar 
 holzwerkstoffe oster-ohrstedt 
 folienherstellung gernrode 
 herc co 27500 riverview 
 new equipment company aylmer ontario 
 hotel diagnol b.v. herikerbergweg 238 
 lei search 
 1/f the henley building 5 queens road central hong kong 
 archmore scsp sicav-sif 
 549300lghgyefnee0h02 lei 
 starwood mexico sevicios 
 300-4865 marc-blaine st. staint 
 folienherstellung glowe 
 bruker 600 milik street cateret nj 07008 
 sberbank of russia 19 vavilova street117997 moscow russia sanctions 
 adresse ubs luxembourg rue albert borschette 
 tah holding lp san francisco ca 
 hospira enterprises oriola sweeden 
 msa mondata partners 3110 main street suite 310 santa monica ca 90405 
 folienherstellung reichertshofen 

















LIMITED PARTNERSHIP · Legal Entity Identifier (LEI)










Toggle navigation





LEISearch




Legal Entity
Local Operating Unit

Country

United States
Germany
Italy
France
United Kingdom
Luxembourg
Canada
Netherlands
Spain
Sweden













Find Legal Entities





Go



















			LIMITED PARTNERSHIP · Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 





LEI




LIMITED PARTNERSHIP












LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ·   Legal Entity Identifier




Legal Name
Address


 Fort Washington Private Equity Investors IX, L.P. 

					303 Broadway Suite 1200, Cincinnati, US-OH 45202, US					


 Scalar Gauge Fund LP 

					1919 McKinney Avenue, Dallas, US-TX 75201, US					


 Jagger's House Limited Partnership 

					5th Floor 10960 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, US-CA 90024, US					


 Plenary Health Phase 1C LP 

					400 Burrard Street Suite 2000, Vancouver, CA-BC V6C 3A6, CA					


 Imedra #5900 Family Limited Partnership 

					5900-5994 Pacific Boulevard, Huntington Park, US-CA 90255, US					


 Atreaus Capital, LP 

					599 Lexington Avenue, New York, US-NY 10022, US					


 Woodman West Preservation, L.P. 

					 60 Columbus Circle, New York, US-NY 10023, US					


 K'NEX Limited Partnership Group 

					2990 Bergey Road, Hatfield, US-PA 19440, US					


 Schwarz Partners II, L.P. 

					3600 Woodview Trace Suite 300, Indianapolis, US-IN 46268, US					


 Fort Washington Private Equity Investors IX-B, L.P. 

					303 Broadway Suite 1200, Cincinnati, US-OH 45202, US					


 Monterey Holdings, L.P. 

					9595 Wilshire Boulevard Suite 501, Beverly Hills, US-CA 90212, US					


 Fort Washington Private Equity Investors IX-K, L.P. 

					303 Broadway Suite 1200, Cincinnati, US-OH 45202, US					


 1200 Walnut Partners, L.P. 

					110 South 19th Street Suite 300, Philadelphia, US-PA 19103, US					


 The Cliffs Limited Partnership 

					7841 Wayzata Boulevard Suite 111, St Louis Park, US-MN 55426, US					


 Wesgroup Properties LP 

					Four Bentall Center 1055 Dunsmuir Street Suite 910, Vancouver, CA-BC V7X 1L3, CA					


 1 West Gay Partners, L.P. 

					110 South 19th Street Suite 300, Philadelphia, US-PA 19103, US					


 Telos Credit Opportunities Fund, L.P. 

					 22nd Floor 780 3rd Avenue, New York, US-NY 10017, US					


 Midway CC Venture I, L.P. 

					800 Town & Country Boulevard Suite 200, Houston, US-TX 77024, US					


 FIP INVESTMENTS LP 

					 BERKELEY SQUARE, LONDON, W1J 6BD, GB					


 Guildford RE Limited Partnership 

					1090 West Georgia Street Suite 1160, Vancouver, CA-BC V6E 3V7, CA					


 Langley RE Limited Partnership 

					1090 West Georgia Street Suite 1160, Vancouver, CA-BC V6E 3V7, CA					


 Beacon Hill RE Limited Partnership 

					1090 West Georgia Street Suite 1160, Vancouver, CA-BC V6E 3V7, CA					


 VK Industrial IV, LP 

					9500 Bryan Mawr Avenue Suite 340, Rosemont, US-IL 60018, US					


 Casa Loma RE Limited Partnership 

					1090 West Georgia Street Suite 1160, Vancouver, CA-BC V6E 3V7, CA					


 26502 Ruether Avenue, L.P. 

					26536 Ruether Avenue Unit 601, Santa Clarita, US-CA 91350, US					


 Glenmede Investment Management, LP 

					1650 Market Street Suite 1200, Philadelphia, US-PA 19103, US					


 Williams Lake RE Limited Partnership 

					1090 West Georgia Street Suite 1160, Vancouver, CA-BC V6E 3V7, CA					


 Harbour Resource Partners Limited Partnership 

					 Ashish Khulbe 10840 27 Street South East, Calgary, CA-AB T2Z 3R6, CA					


 BUSINESS TIME DELUXE LP 

					Suite 2, 5 St. Vincent Street, Edinburgh, EH36SW, GB					


 Texas Heritage Park, L.P. 

					2000 Hannahawk Circle, Harker Heights, US-TX 76548, US					


 Avenue Aviation Opportunities Fund II (Onshore), L.P. 

					6th Floor 399 Park Avenue, New York, US-NY 10022, US					


 Geode Capital Management LP 

					20th Floor One Post Office Square, Boston, US-MA 02465, US					


 SN EF Unsub, LP 

					1000 Main Street Suite 3000, Houston, US-TX 77002, US					


 RLT Global Opportunity Fund, LP 

					 800 Brickell Avenue Suite 1111, Miami, US-FL 33131, US					


 Rockhill Real Estate III LP 

					215 East Lancaster Avenue, Shillington, US-PA 19607, US					


 York Starview, LP 

					4775 North Sherman Street, Mount Wolf, US-PA 17347, US					


 York Regent Acres, LP 

					4775 North Sherman Street, Mount Wolf, US-PA 17347, US					


 MLM Symmetry Insurance Fund Series Interests of The Sali Multi-Series Fund V, LP 

					6850 Austin Center Boulevard Suite 300, Austin, US-TX 78731, US					


 FCO Special Opportunities (G1) LP 

					14th Floor 745 5th Avenue, New York, US-NY 10151, US					


 Hudson Bay MLP Fund LP 

					30th Floor 777 Third Avenue, New York, US-NY 10017, US					


 STIMLER TRADE LP 

					SUITE 8092 4 FULLARTON STREET, AYR, KA7 1UB, GB					


 222 Kearny Property, LP 

					3347 Michelson Drive Suite 200, Irvine, US-CA 92612, US					


 CALADIUS GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND LP 

					UNIT 301, LEVEL 3, GATE PRECINCT BUILDING 6 DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE, PO BOX 506625, DUBAI, AE					


 TexStar MidStream Logistics, LP 

					18615 Tuscany Stone Suite 275, San Antonio, US-TX 78258, US					


 Fisso Real Estate Ky 

					FI					


 Exista Holding PC 

					14-16 Churchill Way, Cardiff, GB-WLS CF10 2DX, GB					


 UC Associates of IL, L.P. 

					60 Columbus Circle, New York, US-NY 10023, US					


 Monarch Investors, L.P. 

					3444 Camino del Rio North Suite 202, San Diego, US-CA 92108, US					


 Silver Rock Opportunities Fund II LP 

					2425 Olympic Boulevard Suite 4060W, Santa Monica, US-CA 90404, US					


 Systematica Alternative Risk Premia Fund L.P. 

					29 Esplanade, St Helier, JE2 3QA, JE					


 Golden Fresh Farms Enterprises, L.P. 

					1902 Progress Drive, Wapakoneta, US-OH 45895, US					


 CAM Park Creek Associates, L.P. 

					1400 Civic Place Suite 225, Southlake, US-TX 76092, US					


 TEBRO Capital Co. 

					3125 South Kolin Avenue, Chicago, US-IL 60623, US					


 Systematica Trend Following Fund, L.P. 

					29 Esplanade, St Helier, JE2 3QA, JE					


 Freeman Partners LP 

					100 Crescent Court Suite 1450, Dallas, US-TX 75201, US					


 Pine Creek Properties, L.P. 

					Three Gateway Center 401 Liberty Avenue Suite 200, Pittsburgh, US-PA 15222, US					


 White Rock Seniors Village 2 Limited Partnership 

					550 Burrard Street Suite 2900, Vancouver, CA-BC V6C 0A3, CA					


 ECN Commercial Finance LP 

					161 Bay Street Suite 3600, Toronto, CA-ON M5J 2S1, CA					


 Velocis Moore Fairview, LP 

					3131 McKinney Avenue Suite 10, Dallas, US-TX 75204, US					


 Manoir Care Limited Partnership 

					550 Burrard Street Suite 2900, Vancouver, CA-BC V6C 0A3, CA					


 23rd Street Garage VII, L.P. 

					1608 Walnut Street Suite 1400, Philadelphia, US-PA 19103, US					


 Village Union Mills, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 Covington Ridge, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 CentrePointe Greens, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 Capitol City, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 The Apricot Pit, LP 

					920 West Fremont Avenue, Sunnyvale, US-CA 94087, US					


 2400 Market VII, L.P. 

					 1608 Walnut Street Suite 1400, Philadelphia, US-PA 19103, US					


 Silver Oak Apartments, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 Timberline Court, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 Fairways at Cave Creek, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 CARLYLE EUROPE TECHNOLOGY PARTNERS II, L.P. 

					 1001 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE NW, SUITE 220 SOUTH, WASHINGTON DC, 20004, US					


 Larkspur Place, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 North Shore Entertainment Partners, LP 

					3400 South Water Street, Pittsburgh, US-PA 15203, US					


 Sienna Cherry Creek, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 Sedona Bridgecreek, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 Stoneridge Cornell, L.P. 

					591 West Putnam Avenue, Greenwich, US-CT 06830, US					


 Jomachloe, Ltd. 

					600 Ohio Pike, Cincinnati, US-OH 45245, US					


 15th Street Holdco, L.P. 

					3953 Maple Avenue Suite 300, Dallas, US-TX 75219, US					


 Los Altos I, LP 

					1201 North Magnolia Avenue, Anaheim, US-CA 92801, US					


 APAX DIGITAL L.P. 

					THIRD FLOOR ROYAL BANK PLACE 1 GLATEGNY ESPLANADE, ST PETER PORT, GY1 2HJ, GG					


 North Kent Wind 1 LP 

					Pier 1 Bay 3, San Francisco, US-CA 94111, US					


 Orleans Square Apartments, L.P. 

					317 6th Avenue Suite 620, Des Moines, US-IA 50309, US					


 ADF (FEEDER) L.P. 

					THIRD FLOOR ROYAL BANK PLACE 1 GLATEGNY ESPLANADE, ST PETER PORT, GY1 2HJ, GG					


 ANTIN INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS II LP 

					37A AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, LU					


 APAX DIGITAL GP L.P. INC. 

					THIRD FLOOR ROYAL BANK PLACE 1 GLATEGNY ESPLANADE, ST PETER PORT, GY1 2HJ, GG					


 C&R LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

					52 GROSVENOR GARDENS, LONDON, SW1W 0AU, GB					


 AMERICA CO-INVEST LP 

					37A AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, LU					


 DAPHNE CO-INVEST LP 

					37A AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, LU					


 ANTIN EUROFIBER CO-INVEST LP 

					37A AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, LU					


 ANTIN EUROFIBER CO-INVEST II LP 

					37A AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, LU					


 RAINBOW REFLECTION LP 

					37A, AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, GB					


 AMERICA CO-INVEST II LP 

					37A AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, LU					


 AGILIS FUND LP 

					 850 NEW BURTON ROAD, SUITE 201, DOVER, 19904, US					


 ANTIN INFRASTRUCTURE PARTNERS III LP 

					37A AVENUE JF KENNEDY, LUXEMBOURG, 1855, LU					


 Urban Fund C, LP 

					1000 East 14th Street Suite 300, Plano, US-TX 75074, US					


 Jazz Aviation LP 

					3 Spectacle Lake Drive, Dartmouth, CA-NS B3B 1W8, CA					


 ALSSC, LP 

					3400 South Lawrence Street, Philadelphia, US-PA 19148, US					


 Jeneq Master Fund LP 

					5th Floor 597 5th Avenue, New York, US-NY 10017, US					


 12th and Market Apartments, LP 

					 Mortenson Development, Inc. 700 Meadow Lane North, Golden Valley, US-MN 55422, US					


 Urban Oil and Gas Partners C-1, LP 

					1000 East 14th Street Suite 30.0, Plano, US-TX 75074, US					
















 1400 turtle creek boulevard suite 14 mail 
 dachbau kalkar 
 holzwerkstoffe oster-ohrstedt 
 folienherstellung gernrode 
 herc co 27500 riverview 
 new equipment company aylmer ontario 
 hotel diagnol b.v. herikerbergweg 238 
 lei search 
 1/f the henley building 5 queens road central hong kong 
 archmore scsp sicav-sif 
 549300lghgyefnee0h02 lei 
 starwood mexico sevicios 
 300-4865 marc-blaine st. staint 
 folienherstellung glowe 
 bruker 600 milik street cateret nj 07008 
 sberbank of russia 19 vavilova street117997 moscow russia sanctions 
 adresse ubs luxembourg rue albert borschette 
 tah holding lp san francisco ca 
 hospira enterprises oriola sweeden 
 msa mondata partners 3110 main street suite 310 santa monica ca 90405 
 folienherstellung reichertshofen 














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









