

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 10:57 PM ET

Company Overview of Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



345 Park Avenue31st FloorNew York, NY 10154United States



Phone: 212-583-5000

Fax: 212-583-5749








Key Executives for Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund




Mr. Leon Volchyok


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary
      


Age: 33
        







Ms. Judy Turchin


      	Chief Legal Officer
      


Age: 47
        







Mr. Joshua Mason


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund
List of persons related to the company Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund.

CIK Number: 0001590213IRS Number: 463959379Trading symbol: Company address: 345 PARK AVENUE  NEW YORK 10154



People related to Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund
NamePositionStreetCityCountryBenedict  AitkenheadC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYBlackstone Group L.P.C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYBlackstone Group Management L.L.C.C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYBlackstone Holdings I/II GP IncC/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYBlackstone Holdings I L.P.C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYBlackstone Real Estate Income Advisors L.L.C.C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP L.P. 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYBlackstone Real Estate Special Situations Advisors L.L.C.C/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYEdward H  DAlelioC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYGarrett  GoldbergC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYMICHAEL F  HOLLANDC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYThomas W  JasperC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYAnthony F.  Marone JRC/O BLACKSTONE MORTGAGE TRUST 345 PARK AVENEW YORKNYJoshua  MasonC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYMichael B.  NashC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYJonathan Lee  Pollack345 PARK AVE NEW YORKNYRandall S.  RothschildC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYSTEPHEN A  SCHWARZMANC/O THE BLACKSTONE GROUP 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYJudy  TurchinC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNYLeon  VolchyokC/O BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND 345 PARK AVENUENEW YORKNY




Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund on the Web
Related companiesBlackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Fund LP, Blackstone / GSO Capital Solutions Overseas Fund L.P., Blackstone / GSO Credit Strategies IDF LP, BLACKSTONE / GSO EUROPEAN SENIOR LOAN FUND, BLACKSTONE / GSO GLOBAL DYNAMIC CREDIT GBP FEEDER FUND (IRELAND), BLACKSTONE / GSO GLOBAL DYNAMIC CREDIT USD FEEDER FUND (IRELAND), Blackstone / GSO Market Neutral Credit Fund LP, Blackstone / GSO Market Neutral Credit Overseas Fund Ltd, Blackstone / GSO Secured Trust Feeder LP, Blackstone / GSO Secured Trust Ltd, Blackstone / GSO US Loan USD Feeder Fund (Ireland), Blackstone AG Investment Partners L.P., BlackStone Alternatives Solution 2014 Trust, BlackStone Alternatives Solution 2014 Trust (Tax Exempt), Blackstone Alternatives Solution 2015 Trust












 






      Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund
				> Profile    Blackstone Real Estate Income Master Fund  Get Email Alerts    Profile Hedge Fund Holdings Insider Purchases Insider Sales Institutional Investors' Holdings News     Get Email Alerts  Profile Hedge Fund Holdings Insider Purchases Insider Sales Other Institutional Investors' Holdings News      Related Insiders    Jr F. Anthony Marone, See Remarks, 2017-05-09   Benedict Aitkenhead, Director, 2014-01-24   W Thomas Jasper, Director, 2014-01-24       Jr F. Anthony Marone, See Remarks, 2017-05-09   Benedict Aitkenhead, Director, 2014-01-24   W Thomas Jasper, Director, 2014-01-24   F Michael Holland, Director, 2014-01-24   H Edward Dalelio, Director, 2014-01-24   Joshua Mason, Other, 2014-01-24   Garrett Goldberg, Cfo / Treasurer, 2014-01-24   Judy Turchin, Chief Legal Officer, 2014-01-24   S. Randall Rothschild, Chief Operating Officer, 2014-01-24   B. Michael Nash, Pres. And Chief Exec. Officer, 2014-01-24   L.l.c. Advisors Income Estate Real Blackstone, Other, 2014-01-24   L.l.c. Advisors Situations Special Estate Real Blackstone, Large Shareholder, 2014-01-24   Blackstone Holdings I/ii Gp Inc, Large Shareholder, 2014-01-24   L.p. I Holdings Blackstone, Large Shareholder, 2014-01-24   L.l.c. Management Group Blackstone, Large Shareholder, 2014-01-24   L.p. Group Blackstone, Large Shareholder, 2014-01-24   A Stephen Schwarzman, Large Shareholder, 2014-01-24   Leon Volchyok, Cco / Secretary, 2014-01-24    Show All Insiders (18)                 Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds        Billionaire Hedge Funds          Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $147,985,198,000          David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $5,818,885,000          George Soros Soros Fund Management $4,321,285,000          T Boone Pickens BP Capital $318,631,000          Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $63,208,016,000          Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $2,269,539,000          Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,373,522,000          Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $14,303,015,000          John Paulson Paulson & Co $7,934,312,000          David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $5,640,040,000              Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             
         
	Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT)
    




Your Vote is IMPORTANT!Vote your proxy online or by phone by dialing 866-286-3108.Vote Here✖






Blackstone brings institutional-caliber private real estate to income-focused individuals











Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT)Leading institutional platformIncome-driven1Lower volatility*Appreciation potential3Diversified4Alignment of interests5Learn More →*BREIT's per share NAV is based on the value of real estate assets it owns and is not subject to market pricing forces as are the shares of public equities. The value of BREIT's underlying investments may fluctuate and may be worth less than BREIT initially paid for them. BREIT shares are significantly less liquid than shares of publicly traded equities and are not immune to fluctuations.



Hear Jon Gray, Global Head of Blackstone Real Estate, on the creation of BREIT.Play →











Why Blackstone?Learn More →



Blackstone is one of the world’s largest alternative asset managers, with $368B investor capital under management. Blackstone Real Estate is a leading global commercial real estate platform with $102B investor capital under management.









Why Commercial Real Estate?The Case for Investing →




Why Private Commercial Real Estate







A distinctive source of income
Historical Yield Comparison5
Average annual yield, 2007-2016Past performance is no guarantee of future results.










A potential inflation hedge
Real Estate Income and Inflation6
Indexed, 1995=100










Total returns with lower volatility
Cumulative historical returns7
Indexed, 2011=100








❮
Previous







❯
Next



Income derived from commercial real estate has exceeded that from other asset classes.  80% of total return comes from income. Index data are shown to illustrate characteristics of the broad-based commercial real estate market, and distributions from BREIT are not guaranteed and may be sourced from non-income items.
Growth in real estate income was driven by a number of factors, including market rent growth and rent escalation clauses.
BREIT’s share price is subject to less volatility because its per share NAV is based on the value of real estate assets it owns and is not subject to market pricing forces as is the price of public equities. Although BREIT’s share price is subject to less volatility, the value of real estate may fluctuate and may be worth less than was initially paid for it. BREIT shares are significantly less liquid than public equities, and are not immune to fluctuations.















Recent AcquisitionEmory PointRead more →











August 1, 2017 Transaction Price*



NAV Per Share
as of July 01, 2017




$10.28
                

                    Class I
                



$10.26
                

                    Class D
                



$10.29
                

                    Class S
                



$10.17
                

                    Class T
                




* The above share class information represents the transaction price for each share class of our common stock for subscriptions accepted as of August 1, 2017 (and repurchases as of July 31, 2017). The transaction price presented is rounded to two decimal places.








Literature









Overview Brochure


Sponsor Brochure


The Guide


Prospectus



See all literature →










SEC FILINGSView Filings →
                                                                                                
How to InvestBREIT is available through select broker-dealers. Talk to your financial advisor today.






There is no assurance we will pay distributions in
    any particular amount, if at all. Any distributions we make will be at the
    discretion of our board of directors. We may fund any distributions from
    sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without
    limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital or offering
    proceeds (including from sales of our common stock or Operating Partnership
    units to the Special Limited Partner, an affiliate of Blackstone), and we
    have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources.There can be no assurance that BREIT will achieve its
    objective or avoid losses.There is no guarantee that BREIT will be diversified.
    Diversification does not eliminate risk or guarantee a profit.Blackstone will also face conflicts of interest as a result of, among other things, the allocation of investment opportunities among us and other Blackstone accounts, the allocation of time of its investment professionals and the substantial fees that we will pay to Blackstone.As of December 31, 2016. Source: Morningstar Direct, NCREIF. Past performance does not guarantee future results. An investment in BREIT is not a direct investment in real estate, and has material differences from a direct investment in real estate, including those related to fees and expenses, liquidity and tax treatment. BREIT’s share price is subject to less volatility because its per share NAV is based on the value of real estate assets it owns and is not subject to market pricing forces as is the price of investment-grade bonds, equities or T-bills. Although BREIT’s share price is subject to less volatility, BREIT shares are significantly less liquid than these asset classes, and are not immune to fluctuations. Commercial real estate is not traded on an exchange and will have less liquidity and price transparency. The value of commercial real estate may fluctuate and may be worth less than was initially paid for it. Commercial real estate is represented by the NCREIF Open-End Diversified Core (ODCE) Index, which is an equal weighted, time weighted index of open-end core real estate funds reported net of fees. The term core typically reflects lower risk investment strategies, utilizing low leverage and generally represented by equity ownership positions in stable U.S. operating properties. Funds are weighted equally, regardless of size. NCREIF ODCE represents the broad-based commercial real estate market, with its income returns based on net operating income after debt service; distributions from BREIT are not guaranteed and may be sourced from non-income items including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital or offering proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. While funds used in this benchmark have characteristics that differ from BREIT (including differing management fees and leverage), BREIT’s management feels that the NCREIF ODCE is an appropriate and accepted index for the purpose of evaluating the historic yields of direct real estate funds. Investors cannot invest in this index. Comparisons shown are for illustrative purposes only and do not represent specific investments. BREIT has the ability to utilize higher leverage than is allowed for the funds in the NCREIF ODCE, which could increase BREIT’s volatility relative to the index. Additionally, an investment in BREIT is subject to certain fees that are not contemplated in the NCREIF ODCE, which is not an investable index. Stocks are represented by the dividend yield of the S&P 500 Index. The S&P 500 Index is a widely used barometer of U.S. stock market performance; the key risk of the S&P 500 Index is the volatility that comes with exposure to the stock market. Investment-grade bonds are represented by bond yield to maturity of the Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index. Investment grade bonds provide broad exposure to U.S. investment grade bonds including government bonds. Increases in interest rates may cause the price of bonds to decrease. Corporate bonds are subject to credit risk. T-bills are represented by the BofAML 3 Month T-Bill Index and are subject to interest rate risk. Treasury Bills are guaranteed as to the timely payment of principal and interest. Indices are meant to illustrate general market performance; it is not possible to invest directly in an index. An investment in investment grade bonds and T-bills is generally considered to be a less risky investment than commercial real estate.
As of December 31, 2016. Source: Green Street Advisors, Bureau of Labor Statistics. Net operating income growth represents the average NOI growth by year across the apartment, industrial, mall, office and strip retail sectors. The Consumer Price Index (CPI) measures changes in the prices paid by urban consumers for a  representative basket of goods and services. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Net operating income may not be correlated to or continue to keep pace with inflation.As of December 31, 2016. Source: Morningstar Direct, NCREIF. Past performance does not guarantee future results. An investment in BREIT is not a direct investment in real estate, and has material differences from a direct investment in real estate, including those related to fees and expenses, liquidity and tax treatment. BREIT’s share price is subject to less volatility because its per share NAV is based on the value of real estate assets it owns and is not subject to market pricing forces as is the price of public equities. Although BREIT’s share price is subject to less volatility, the value of real estate may fluctuate and may be worth less than was initially paid for it. BREIT shares are significantly less liquid than public equities, and are not immune to fluctuations. Commercial real estate is represented by the NCREIF ODCE and reflects the total returns of diversified, private core, open-end funds including leverage and fund expenses, but excluding management and advisory fees. The term core typically reflects lower risk investment strategies, utilizing low leverage and generally represented by equity ownership positions in stable U.S. operating properties. Funds are weighted equally, regardless of size. While funds used in this benchmark have characteristics that differ from BREIT (including differing management fees and leverage), BREIT’s management feels that the NCREIF ODCE is an appropriate and accepted index for the purpose of evaluating the total returns of direct real estate funds. Investors cannot invest in this index. Comparisons shown are for illustrative purposes only and do not represent specific investments. BREIT has the ability to utilize higher leverage than is allowed for the funds in the NCREIF ODCE, which could increase BREIT’s volatility relative to the index. Additionally, an investment in BREIT is subject to certain fees that are not contemplated in the NCREIF ODCE. Public equities are represented by the S&P 500 Index. The S&P 500 Index is a widely used barometer of U.S. stock performance with broad sector representation, not just real estate; the key risk of the S&P 500 Index is the volatility that comes with exposure to the stock market. Commercial real estate values are based on appraisals, while public equities are based upon market prices.
Please noteKey Term Definitions:Performance participation allocation: The Special Limited Partner will hold a performance participation interest in the Operating Partnership that entitles it to receive an allocation from our Operating Partnership equal to 12.5% of the Total Return, subject to a 5% Hurdle Amount and a High Water Mark (each term as defined below), with a catch-up. Such allocation will be annually and accrue monthly. The Barclays US Aggregate Bond index is an index of U.S. dollar
    denominated, investment-grade U.S. corporate government and mortgage-backed
    securities. The NCREIF ODCE is a capitalization-weighted, gross of fees,
    time-weighted return index with an inception date of January 1, 1978.
    Published reports may also contain equal-weighted and net of fees
    information. Open-end Funds are generally defined as infinite-life vehicles
    consisting of multiple investors who have the ability to enter or exit the
    fund on a periodic basis, subject to contribution and/or redemption
    requests, thereby providing a degree of potential investment liquidity. The
    term Diversified Core Equity style typically reflects lower risk investment
    strategies utilizing low leverage and generally represented by equity
    ownership positions in stable U.S. operating properties. The MSCI US REIT index is a market capitalization weighted benchmark
    that is comprised of equity REIT securities that belong to the MSCI US
    Investable Market 2500 Index. The index is designed to cover about
    two-thirds of the value of the entire U.S. REIT market. To be eligible for
    inclusion, REITs must have a market capitalization of at least $100
    million, with enough shares and trading volume to be considered
    liquid. BofAML 3 Month T-Bill Index is an unmanaged market index of U.S.
    Treasury securities maturing in 90 days that assumes reinvestment of all
    income. The S&P 500 Index is a market capitalization-weighted index that
    includes 500 stocks representing all major industries. Returns are
    denominated in USD and include dividends. The Index is a proxy of the
    performance of the broad U.S. economy through changes in aggregate market
    value. This is not a managed portfolio and does not reflect fees or
    expenses.






Summary of Risk FactorsBlackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT”) is a non-traded REIT that seeks to invest in stabilized commercial real estate properties diversified by sector with a focus on providing current income. This investment involves a high degree of risk. You should purchase these securities only if you can afford the complete loss of your investment. You should read the prospectus carefully for a description of the risks associated with an investment in Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust. Some of these risks include but are not limited to the following:BREIT has a limited operating history and there is no assurance that we will achieve our investment objectives.This is a “blind pool” offering. We have only made limited investments to date and you will not have the opportunity to evaluate our future investments before we make them.Since there is no public trading market for shares of our common stock, repurchase of shares by us will likely be the only way to dispose of your shares. Our share repurchase plan provides stockholders with the opportunity to request that we repurchase their shares on a monthly basis, but we are not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular month in our discretion. In addition, repurchases will be subject to available liquidity and other significant restrictions. Further, our board of directors may modify, suspend or terminate our share repurchase plan if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. As a result, our shares should be considered as having only limited liquidity and at times may be illiquid.We cannot guarantee that we will make distributions, and if we do we may fund such distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings, return of capital or offering proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources.The purchase and repurchase price per share for each class of common stock will vary and will generally equal our prior month’s net asset value (“NAV”) per share, as determined monthly, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. We may offer shares at a price that we believe reflects the NAV per share of such stock more appropriately than the prior month’s NAV per share in cases where we believe there has been a material change (positive or negative) to our NAV per share since the end of the prior month.We have no employees and are dependent on BX REIT Advisors L.L.C. (the “Advisor”) to conduct our operations. The Advisor will face conflicts of interest as a result of, among other things, the allocation of investment opportunities among us and other Blackstone accounts, the allocation of time of its investment professionals and the substantial fees that we will pay to the Advisor.This is a “best efforts” offering. If we are not able to raise a substantial amount of capital in the near term, our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be adversely affected.On acquiring shares, you will experience immediate dilution in the net tangible book value of your investment.There are limits on the ownership and transferability of our shares.If we fail to qualify as a REIT and no relief provisions apply, our NAV and cash available for distribution to our stockholders could materially decrease.We do not own the Blackstone name, but we are permitted to use it as part of our corporate name pursuant to a trademark license agreement with an affiliate of The Blackstone Group L.P. (together with its affiliates, “Blackstone”). Use of the name by other parties or the termination of our trademark license agreement may harm our business.While BREIT’s investment strategy is to invest in stabilized commercial real estate properties diversified by sector with a focus on providing current income to investors, an investment in BREIT is not an investment in fixed income. Fixed income has material differences from an investment in a non-traded REIT, including those related to vehicle structure, investment objectives and restrictions, risks, fluctuation of principal, safety, guarantees or insurance, fees and expenses, liquidity and tax treatment.We intend to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with our taxable year ending December 31, 2017. However, if we fail to qualify as a REIT and no relief provisions apply, our NAV and cash available for distribution to our stockholders could materially decrease.The acquisition of investment properties may be financed in substantial part by borrowing, which increases our exposure to loss. The use of leverage involves a high degree of financial risk and will increase the exposure of the investments to adverse economic factors.Investing in commercial real estate assets involves certain risks, including but not limited to: tenants’ inability to pay rent; increases in interest rates and lack of availability of financing; tenant turnover and vacancies; and changes in supply of or demand for similar properties in a given market.BREIT will directly own private real estate assets. Any references to “private real estate” and “direct ownership” is referring to the BREIT strategy. Individual investors will own shares of common stock in BREIT as opposed to direct ownership of private, non-traded real estate assets.
Numerical data is approximate and as of March 31, 2017. The words “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including BREIT Operating Partnership L.P. (the “Operating Partnership”), a Delaware limited partnership of which we are the general partner, unless the context requires otherwise. Numerical data relating to Blackstone includes activities of Blackstone Real Estate’s public and private portfolio companies (unless otherwise noted).






Important NoticeYou are now leaving bxreit.com
				CancelContinue


Important NoticeThis site and the materials herein are directed only to certain types of investors and to persons in jurisdictions where BREIT is authorized for distribution.Complete information about investing in shares of BREIT is available in the prospectus. An investment in BREIT involves risks.Download Prospectus I acknowledge that I am a United Stated person and have received the prospectus.No thanks
I Agree to the Terms

   


Blackstone Profit Rises as Market Buoys Real Estate, Buyouts - Bloomberg Quint

































































































Bloomberg the Company & Its Products
The Quint






Bloomberg

 Bloomberg | Quint is a multiplatform, Indian business and financial news company. We combine Bloomberg’s global leadership in business and financial news and data, with Quintillion Media’s deep expertise in the Indian market and digital news delivery, to provide high quality business news, insights and trends for India’s sophisticated audiences. 



Company

Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
Philanthropy & Engagement
Sustainability
Technology
History & Facts



Financial Products

Bloomberg Terminal
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indices
Bloomberg SEF
Bloomberg Institute



Enterprise Products

Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Bloomberg Vault
Bloomberg PolarLake



Media

Bloomberg
Bloomberg Politics
Bloomberg View
Bloomberg Gadfly
Bloomberg Television
Bloomberg Radio
Bloomberg Mobile Apps
News Bureaus



Customer Support


Americas
+1 212 318 2000


Europe, Middle East, & Africa
+44 20 7330 7500


Asia Pacific
+65 6212 1000




Communications

Press Announcements
Press Contacts



Industry Products

Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law/BNA
Bloomberg Big Law
Bloomberg New Energy Finance



Media Services

Advertising
Bloomberg Content Service
Bloomberg Live Conferences



Follow Us

 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Instagram 



Bloomberg Customers

Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login
Download Software
Service Center







BREAKING NEWS

HCL TECH Q1 NET PROFIT AT RS 2,210 CRORE VS RS 2,474 CRORE QoQ       
02:55 AM












        Blackstone Profit Rises as Market Buoys Real Estate, Buyouts
      













Melissa Mittelman






          21 Jul 2017, 10:56 am
        

          20 Jul 2017, 11:22 am
        














 


















Editor's Choice



 Flipkart May Be Able To Buy Snapdeal For $850 Million 




 With Banks Focused On The Distressed Dozen, Resolution On Smaller Accounts Slows 




 Tata Sons To Hire Axis Bank’s Shikha Sharma To Head Financial Services Cluster 




 Fact Check: Did Demonetisation Lead To A Shift Towards Financial Assets? 




 The BMR Saga: Built On Talent, Beaten By It 
























 






















(Bloomberg) -- Blackstone Group LP rode a widespread market advance in the second quarter, earning 36 percent more than a year earlier. The results fell short of analysts’ estimates as a downturn in energy prices hit private equity holdings.






While the asset manager’s public holdings -- shares of companies it’s taken public -- tracked positively, private investments were “pressured by the underperformance in energy,” Credit Suisse Group AG analysts led by Craig Siegenthaler wrote in a note to clients before the results were announced. Energy was likely a “headwind,” Jefferies Group analysts led by Gerald O’Hara wrote.






Shares of New York-based Blackstone fell 1.2 percent to $34.37 as of 1:14 p.m. in New York, paring gains this year to 33 percent including reinvested dividends.






Economic net income, which reflects both realized and unrealized investment gains, was $705.4 million, or 59 cents a share, compared with $519.8 million a year earlier, Blackstone said in a statement Thursday. Analysts had expected earnings of 62 cents a share, the average of 13 estimates compiled by Bloomberg.






The firm’s real estate business, its largest by assets at $104 billion, led sales in the quarter. It sold off $4.6 billion of holdings, including shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. and a string of Equity Office Properties assets.






Private equity, which oversees $100 billion, sold $2.8 billion in assets, including part of its holding in food-service distributor Performance Food Group Co. and its remaining stake in SeaWorld Entertainment Inc.






Infrastructure Push






While Blackstone continues to attract attention given Chief Executive Officer Steve Schwarzman’s close ties to the Trump administration, it also made significant announcements of its own in the quarter. Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund agreed to anchor a $100 billion infrastructure ambition that the firm seeks to build out over the coming quarters.






President Tony James, speaking Thursday on an earnings conference call, allayed concerns that the infrastructure fund would be dependent on government spending, saying there are enough existing investment opportunities. Most of the new administration’s initiatives have yet to crystallize, including President Trump’s plans to invest as much as $1 trillion on improving U.S. infrastructure. Trump on Wednesday issued an executive order to create an advisory council for the effort.






Blackstone will begin fundraising for the infrastructure pool in autumn, James said, noting that the firm has moved about half a dozen investment professionals to the strategy. He also hinted at plans to hire outside talent for the fund, including a “world-class” operating partner who “will knock your socks off.”






Achilles’ Heel






It was a commemorative quarter for Blackstone as it celebrated its 10-year anniversary as a public company in June. The stock was little changed from its initial listing price, continuing to fuel discussions over public-market valuations of alternative-asset managers.






On the personnel front, the firm promoted Dwight Scott to president of its credit unit, GSO Capital Partners, as Blackstone deepens its bench of leadership candidates. Succession in the industry continues to be a hot-button topic as founders age and firms begin clarifying plans for transitioning to the next generation.






“We have really well-thought-out, carefully planned succession plans in all of our businesses, from the very top of the firm right on down, for every critical seat,” James said Thursday. “The Achilles’ heel of any asset management firm is succession. We’re comfortable that we have the best succession planning in the industry.”






Besting S&P






Blackstone’s distributable earnings, which reflect cash profits on asset sales and fund management fees, were $781.4 million for the three months ended June 30, compared with $494.9 million a year earlier. Blackstone said it will pay stockholders a dividend of 54 cents a share on Aug. 7.






The firm’s private equity portfolio appreciated 2.8 percent in the quarter and its real estate holdings gained 5.4 percent, both exceeding the 2.6 percent gain posted by the S&P 500 index of large U.S. companies. Peers including Carlyle Group LP, KKR & Co. and Apollo Global Management LLC are scheduled to report results in the coming weeks.






Publicly traded private equity firms must mark their holdings to the market each quarter, even though their typical strategy is to hold assets for years. That makes economic net income, which in part reflects these unrealized changes in value, merely a snapshot of assets that may have a long runway before being sold.






Overseeing $371.1 billion across private equity, real estate, credit and hedge funds, Blackstone is viewed as a bellwether for the alternative-asset industry. Peter Grauer, chairman of Bloomberg LP, the parent of Bloomberg News, is a non-executive director at Blackstone.































 Bloomberg 


                  Stay updated with Business news on BloombergQuint
              





Recommended for you



              The BMR Saga: Built On Talent, Beaten By It
            



              Zinc Prices, Higher Oil Output Boost Vedanta’s Q1 Profit
            



              Subrata Roy Seeks More Time As ICICI Prudential’s Takeover Of Sahara Life Draws Closer
            



              Federal Bank Misses Estimates As Bad Loans Rise
            





























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Real Estate Income Fund - Dogpile Web Search








































 














Advanced Search
|

Preferences





Advanced Search
close







All of these words:



The exact phrase:



Any of these words:



None of these words:





Image Color:
All Colors
Color
Black & White



Image Size:
All Image Sizes
Small
Medium
Large







Language:
Any Language
Danish
Dutch
English
French
German
Italian
Norwegian
Portuguese
Spanish
Swedish




Include Domain

Exclude Domain











 









Web


Images 



Video 



News 











Ads


Are you looking for?
 

Real Estate Income Fund News


More Related News >




Real Estate Income Fund Shopping




Real Estate Income Fund Videos


More Related Videos >




Real Estate Income Fund Images


More Related Images >


 



        Did you mean:
    









Ads





Real Estate Income Fund News



Web Results









Ads







Are you looking for?




1 
|
2 
|
3 
|
4 
|
5 
|
6 
|
7 
Next











 











Search Results from:











About Infospace
|
About Dogpile
|
FAQs
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Contact Us


© 2017 InfoSpace Holdings LLC. All Rights Reserved

AMD Stock
Jimmy Choo
Sony Xperia Z2
DJ Khaled
Shark Week
Boy Scouts



























blackstone real estate income fund - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Cheaper than Hard Money | CiX.connectedinvestors.com



Ad
 ·
CiX.connectedinvestors.com



Have Private Real Estate Lenders Fund Your Real Estate Investments





Apply Now



How Much Do You Need




Real Estate Community





Grandma’s Income Recipe - Strategy For Small Investors



Ad
 ·
www.tradewins.com/​Grandma/​Income



Download Grandma’s Simple Secret For Income Course. No Credit Card Needed!




Real Estate Income Fund - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Real Estate Income Fund



Search for Real Estate Income Fund. Find Real Estate Income Fund.




Real Estate Income Fund | alothome.com



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​real-estate-income



Search for Real Estate Income Fund Info. Try the alothome.com search.




Searches related toblackstone real estate income fund



blackstone real estate income trust


blackstone real estate income trust r...


blackstone real estate fund prospectus


blackstone non traded reit



blackstone reit fund


real estate fund financial statements


blackstone real estate funds


blackstone real estate




Web Results

Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund

https://www.blackstone.com/docs/default-source/fund-documents/real...


BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND Dear BREIF I Shareholder, We are pleased to present this annual shareholder report for Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund


Registered Funds - Blackstone - Home

https://www.blackstone.com/the-firm/asset-management/registered-funds


Find below registered funds for Real Estate, Hedge Fund Solutions and GSO. Real Estate Funds. Closed End Funds. ... Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund II BREIF II.


Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund

https://japan.blackstone.com/docs/default-source/fund-documents/...


April 28, 2016 Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund 345 Park Avenue New York, New York 10154 212-583-5000 The prospectus of Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund (the ...


Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT)

https://www.bxreit.com


Blackstone brings institutional-caliber private real estate to income-focused individuals


BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND Prospectus, dated April ...

https://japan.blackstone.com/docs/default-source/fund-documents/...


BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND COMMON SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST The Fund. Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund (the “Fund”) is a Delaware statutory trust ...


Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund II - SEC.gov

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1589029/000119312514182222/...


BLACKSTONE REAL ESTATE INCOME FUND II . Supplement No. 1, dated May 5, 2014, to the . Prospectus, dated January 24, 2014, for Advisor Class I Shares and


Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust | Blackstone Group

https://therealdeal.com/2016/08/10/blackstone-launches-5b-non...


Blackstone Group launched its first non-traded real estate investment trust and is looking to raise $5 billion from investors.


Blackstone preps nontraded real estate fund for the fee ...

www.investmentnews.com/article/20131230/FREE/131239990


Blackstone preps nontraded real estate fund for the fee-only crowd ... Blackstone is raising money for the Blackstone Real Estate Income Fund II, ...


Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT)

https://www.bxreit.com/docs/librariesprovider3/literature/the...


Offering highlights1 Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT) ONGOING UPFRONT KEY TERMS Product BREIT is a non-traded REIT primarily investing in stabilized ...










Cheaper than Hard Money | CiX.connectedinvestors.com



Ad
 ·
CiX.connectedinvestors.com



Have Private Real Estate Lenders Fund Your Real Estate Investments





Apply Now



How Much Do You Need




Real Estate Community





Grandma’s Income Recipe - Strategy For Small Investors



Ad
 ·
www.tradewins.com/​Grandma/​Income



Download Grandma’s Simple Secret For Income Course. No Credit Card Needed!




Real Estate Income Fund - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Real Estate Income Fund



Search for Real Estate Income Fund. Find Real Estate Income Fund.




Real Estate Income Fund | alothome.com



Ad
 ·
alothome.com/​real-estate-income



Search for Real Estate Income Fund Info. Try the alothome.com search.



Searches related toblackstone real estate income fund



blackstone real estate income trust


blackstone real estate income trust r...


blackstone real estate fund prospectus


blackstone non traded reit



blackstone reit fund


real estate fund financial statements


blackstone real estate funds


blackstone real estate




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













Find answers on fixed income funds | findanswers.online



 











































findanswers





Home / Personal Finance / Find answers on fixed income funds 







Sponsored Listings






Top Fixed Income Funds - Top Fixed Income Funds

www.about.com/income funds
|
Find Top Fixed Income Funds and Related Articles. Search Now!





Top Income Funds - Top Income Funds

reference.com/Top Income Funds
|
Find the best articles from across the web and real people on Reference.com!





Top 5 Fixed Income Funds – Get Top Recommendations

www.toughnickel.com/Income
|
Read More About Top 5 Fixed Income Funds. Get More Information Here.





top fixed income funds - top fixed income funds

findquickanswers.com
|
Compare Different Types of Income Funds. Find the Top Rated one!








Find answers on fixed income funds






 Find answers on fixed income funds 2.82 (56.36%) 11 votes              



00  Fixed income funds are type of mutual funds, in which you invest your money in a firm and get a fixed income at predicted rates. Read on to find what are the type of fixed income funds available for you to invest in, the risks involved and much more




What are fixed income funds?

+33-12  






Rate this post



Fixed income funds are a type of mutual fund that pay a fixed return. Fixed income funds include government bonds, investment grade corporate bonds etc.



What are Treasury-Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS)?

+12-4  






Rate this post



TIPS are a type of fixed income that protect against inflation. The principal of TIPS increases with inflation and decreases with deflation. As TIPS mature, you are paid the adjustable or original principal whichever is greater.



Do municipalities offer any kind of fixed income funds?

+46-2  






Rate this post



State or city municipalities offer fixed income funds. The interest received on these fixed income funds is tax-free at federal level and for investors who buy these bonds at their state of residence.



What are junk bonds?

+15-1  






Rate this post



High-yield fixed income funds are called junk bonds because of their low credit ratings. They typically have higher yield than investment grade corporate bonds and come with additional credit risk. Thus higher yield is offered at higher risk.



How does a foreign currency affect the yield of a fixed income fund?

+50  






Rate this post



International fixed income fund, are dependent on the price of the foreign currency. When you buy a international fixed income bond, you can take the advantage of the foreign currencies’ appreciation or depreciation and invest in these kinds of fixed income funds.



What is the difference between fixed income and stocks?

+6-2  






 What is the difference between fixed income and stocks? 2 (40%) 1 vote              



Stocks point to the fact that the investors have part in ownership of the company that they have invested in. Fixed income investors are more of creditors as they lend their money to firms.



What are the risk involved in fixed income funds?

+1-5  






Rate this post



Risks such as credit risks, inflation risks, call risk and interest rates risk are involved in fixed income funds.



What are fixed income securities?

+6-1  






Rate this post



A fixed income security provides periodic income payments at an interest or dividend rate that is known in advance by the holder. Fixed income securities include treasury bonds, corporate bonds, and certificate of deposits.



Where can I get, advice regarding investment in fixed income funds?

+6-4  






Rate this post



You can ask for advice on investing in fixed income funds from a financial advisor or subscribe online to investment sites that offer advice on how to invest your money into bonds that yield high interest rates.







Sponsored Listings






Top 5 income funds - Click here and get great info.

www.search.com/Top 5 Income Funds/Save your time
|
Get Top 5 income funds here. Check it now.





Top 5 Fixed Income Funds - Reviews, Guides, More

respondtoyou.com
|
See How The Top 3 Rated Income Funds Compare. Daily Rates, Returns, More





Top Fixed Income Funds - Search Top Fixed Income Funds.

www.simpli.com/Top Fixed Income Funds
|
Get a wide range of information from across the web with Simpli.com.





Income Funds - Top Choices For 2017

dugout.net/income-funds
|
Compare Rates & Returns On The Top 3 Income Fund Picks For 2017.










Related Questions

Find answers for queries on health insurance
Find answers on how to apply for a credit card online
Find answers on how to open a business checking account
Find answers on how to open savings and checking accounts
Find answers on IRA investments








Ask A Question

Ask questions, get answers, help others and connect with people who have similar interests.
Ask Now























