 



Flowserve Announces Executive Leadership Transition Plan | Business Wire


























































Flowserve Announces Executive Leadership Transition Plan






Mark Blinn Plans to Retire; Will Continue Serving as President and 
      CEO Until Successor is Identified; Board of Directors Initiates Search










Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail










Mark Blinn (Photo courtesy of Flowserve)


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







Mark Blinn (Photo courtesy of Flowserve)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














September 22, 2016 04:59 PM Eastern Daylight Time



DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Flowserve Corporation, (NYSE: FLS), a leading provider of flow control 
      products and services for the global infrastructure markets, today 
      announced that Mark Blinn plans to retire as President, Chief Executive 
      Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. To ensure an orderly 
      transition, Mr. Blinn will remain in those roles until the appointment 
      of his successor.
    


      Flowserve’s Board of Directors has a robust succession planning process 
      and, in an effort to consider both internal and external candidates, has 
      initiated a search to identify a successor to Mr. Blinn.
    

      Mr. Blinn joined Flowserve in October of 2004 and was named CEO in 
      October of 2009. During his tenure as CEO, the Company has delivered a 
      total shareholder return of approximately 64 percent. Flowserve’s track 
      record of profitable growth and shareholder value creation reflects Mr. 
      Blinn’s focus on operational excellence, cost control and profitably 
      growing the Company through acquisitions and strategic growth 
      initiatives.
    

      “After 12 years at Flowserve and seven as CEO, and as the Company begins 
      its next phase of growth and development, the Board and I believe that 
      now is the right time to initiate this planned transition of leadership 
      responsibilities,” said Mr. Blinn. “It has been an honor and a privilege 
      to lead Flowserve and its global team of approximately 19,000 talented 
      employees, who are truly among the best in the business. Over the last 
      year and a half, we have focused on restructuring our business, 
      optimizing our manufacturing footprint and realigning our workforce to 
      position the Company for growth and value creation through the current 
      market cycle and beyond. While there is more work to be done, I know 
      that Flowserve has the right plan and the right team in place to achieve 
      its objectives. I am committed and look forward to continuing to lead 
      Flowserve for the next several months.”
    

      “Under Mark’s leadership, the Company has made tremendous progress 
      executing its strategic plan,” said William C. Rusnack, Chairman of the 
      Board of Directors. “He has been instrumental in overseeing a number of 
      significant acquisitions that have enhanced Flowserve’s geographic 
      presence and product offerings and positioned the Company for continued 
      success. Mark has been an effective leader across market cycles, and the 
      Board thanks him for his many years of service and his dedication to our 
      Company, employees, customers and shareholders.”
    

      Mr. Rusnack continued, “The Board and Mark have been discussing 
      succession planning for some time, and we are confident that the orderly 
      search process we are now undertaking will ensure a smooth transition 
      for Flowserve and all of our stakeholders. As we look forward, we intend 
      to identify a leader who will build on Flowserve’s strong operating 
      platform, creating enhanced value for shareholders, partners, employees, 
      and the Company’s other stakeholders. Mark is committed to working 
      closely with the Board to identify his successor and seamlessly 
      transition his responsibilities.”
    

About Flowserve: Flowserve Corp. is one of the world’s leading 
      providers of fluid motion and control products and services. Operating 
      in more than 55 countries, the company produces engineered and 
      industrial pumps, seals and valves as well as a range of related flow 
      management services. More information about Flowserve can be obtained by 
      visiting the company’s Web site at www.flowserve.com.
    

Safe Harbor Statement: This news release includes forward-looking 
      statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 
      1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are 
      made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities 
      Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Words or phrases such as 
      "may," "should," "expects," "could," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," 
      "estimates," "believes," "forecasts," "predicts" or other similar 
      expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which 
      include, without limitation, earnings forecasts, statements relating to 
      our business strategy and statements of expectations, beliefs, future 
      plans and strategies and anticipated developments concerning our 
      industry, business, operations and financial performance and condition.
    

      The forward-looking statements included in this news release are based 
      on our current expectations, projections, estimates and assumptions. 
      These statements are only predictions, not guarantees. Such 
      forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and 
      uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These risks and 
      uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from what is 
      forecast in such forward-looking statements, and include, without 
      limitation, the following: a portion of our bookings may not lead to 
      completed sales, and our ability to convert bookings into revenues at 
      acceptable profit margins; changes in global economic conditions and the 
      potential for unexpected cancellations or delays of customer orders in 
      our reported backlog; our dependence on our customers’ ability to make 
      required capital investment and maintenance expenditures; risks 
      associated with cost overruns on fixed-fee projects and in taking 
      customer orders for large complex custom engineered products; the 
      substantial dependence of our sales on the success of the oil and gas, 
      chemical, power generation and water management industries; the adverse 
      impact of volatile raw materials prices on our products and operating 
      margins; our ability to execute and realize the expected financial 
      benefits from our strategic manufacturing optimization and realignment 
      initiatives; economic, political and other risks associated with our 
      international operations, including military actions or trade embargoes 
      that could affect customer markets, particularly Middle Eastern markets 
      and global oil and gas producers, and non-compliance with U.S. 
      export/re-export control, foreign corrupt practice laws, economic 
      sanctions and import laws and regulations; increased aging and slower 
      collection of receivables, particularly in Latin America and other 
      emerging markets; our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency 
      exchange rates, including in hyperinflationary countries such as 
      Venezuela; our furnishing of products and services to nuclear power 
      plant facilities and other critical processes; potential adverse 
      consequences resulting from litigation to which we are a party, such as 
      litigation involving asbestos-containing material claims; a foreign 
      government investigation regarding our participation in the United 
      Nations Oil-for-Food Program; expectations regarding acquisitions and 
      the integration of acquired businesses; our ability to anticipate and 
      manage cybersecurity risk, including the risk of potential business 
      disruptions or financial losses; our relative geographical profitability 
      and its impact on our utilization of deferred tax assets, including 
      foreign tax credits; the potential adverse impact of an impairment in 
      the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets; our 
      dependence upon third-party suppliers whose failure to perform timely 
      could adversely affect our business operations; the highly competitive 
      nature of the markets in which we operate; environmental compliance 
      costs and liabilities; potential work stoppages and other labor matters; 
      our inability to protect our intellectual property in the U.S., as well 
      as in foreign countries; obligations under our defined benefit pension 
      plans; and other factors described from time to time in our filings with 
      the Securities and Exchange Commission.
    

      All forward-looking statements included in this news release are based 
      on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no 
      obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
    




Contacts

FlowserveInvestor Contacts:Jay Roueche, 
      972-443-6560Vice President, Investor Relations & TreasurerorMike 
      Mullin, 972-443-6636Director, Investor RelationsorMedia 
      Contacts:Lars Rosene, 972-443-6644Vice President, 
      Global Communications and Public AffairsorAmy Allen, 
      972-443-6501Manager, Global Communications and Public 
      Affairs



















Contacts

FlowserveInvestor Contacts:Jay Roueche, 
      972-443-6560Vice President, Investor Relations & TreasurerorMike 
      Mullin, 972-443-6636Director, Investor RelationsorMedia 
      Contacts:Lars Rosene, 972-443-6644Vice President, 
      Global Communications and Public AffairsorAmy Allen, 
      972-443-6501Manager, Global Communications and Public 
      Affairs









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up
















Mark Blinn 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


















 

Career & Educational Choices | Blinn College







































Home
Prospective Students
Current Students
Admissions
Academics
Athletics
Educational Choices
Faculty & Staff
Contact Us









 
 
 






 

 
 


Blinn A-Z
Directory
About Us
Employment
Support Blinn

 






 





















 
 
 






Inside Blinn
myBLINN
Course Schedules
Academic Calendar
Administration
Legislative Matters
Alumni & Friends
Choose Your Campus
Distance Learning
eCampus
Library
Workforce Education
 


News & Events
 






Blinn, TEEX accepting students for new carpentry and plumbing programs



Texas Workforce Commission awards Blinn College $195,000 Building Trades Grant to establish plumbing, carpentry programs at the RELLIS Campus



Blinn’s 2017-18 Performing Arts Series to feature toe-tapping tunes and breath-taking ballet






More News

 





CALENDAR OF EVENTS

 
 
 
 





Apply Now & Register

Now's a perfect time to begin your journey to a Blinn College degree or certificate.

 



Programs of Study

Whether it's academic, workforce or online courses, Blinn has the program that's right for you.

 


Financial Aid & Scholarships

Find out how Blinn is making college more affordable than ever with financial aid and scholarship opportunities.

 


Ask Blinn

Need answers to questions? Ask Blinn offers instant answers to a wide variety of questions.

 
 




 


GET CONNECTED
Tweets by @BlinnCollege


Visit our Social Media Directory
Request a Tour



Board Agendas/Minutes



 
 
 


Community Engagement







Blinn College 
                Expansion



Star of the Republic Museum



Texas A&M University Engineering Academy



Blinn College 
                Performing Arts Series



Small Business Development Center


University Interscholastic League Contests




 


























Flowserve Names Mark A. Blinn Next President and Chief Executive Officer Succeeding Retiring Lewis M. Kling | Flowserve














      Skip to main content
    

























Login


login




LOGIN

Forgot Password?
New User? Register here.
REGISTER
































News & Events

Find the latest industry news, press releases and events happening at Flowserve.







Home
About
News & Events
Flowserve Names Mark A. Blinn Next President and Chief Executive Officer Succeeding Retiring Lewis M. Kling








Flowserve Names Mark A. Blinn Next President and Chief Executive Officer Succeeding Retiring Lewis M. Kling



Kling Elected Vice Chairman of the Board
DALLAS--Aug. 31, 2009-- Flowserve Corporation (NYSE: FLS), a leading provider of flow control products and services for the global infrastructure markets, today announced that its Board of Directors has named Mark A. Blinn, 47, as its next President and Chief Executive Officer, beginning October 1, 2009 and as a member of the Board of Directors, effective immediately.
The company also announced that Lewis M. Kling, the company’s current President and Chief Executive, whose previously announced retirement is scheduled for February, 2010, has been elected Vice Chairman of the Board effective October 1.
“I have worked very closely with, and relied upon Mark as our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Latin American Operations for over four years,” said Kling. “He is an outstanding global executive and is ready to lead the company. The timing of this transition will enable Mark, with my support, to effectively drive the Company’s 2010 strategic and financial planning processes, which are now getting underway. It will also allow five months for transition and my oversight before my planned retirement from Flowserve this coming February.”
Blinn joined Flowserve in 2004 as Chief Financial Officer after serving in the same capacity at Kinko’s prior to its acquisition by FedEx. He earned a B.S. degree from the school of engineering, a J.D. in law and an M.B.A. from Southern Methodist University in Dallas. In addition to his role as CFO with Flowserve, Blinn has also been in charge of Latin America operations for the company since October, 2007.
Flowserve non-executive Chairman of the Board, James O. Rollans said, “Our Board has been extremely pleased with Lew’s effectiveness as Flowserve’s President and Chief Executive Officer. Over his four-year tenure revenues have grown consistently, nearly doubling, while net profits have grown ten fold, and we now have a world class operation and organization. In addition to the outstanding financial performance, Lew has also prepared Mark well as his successor. The Board is confident that Mark and the Company’s outstanding executive leadership team will drive Flowserve to even higher levels of value creation for our shareholders.”
Kling, who will retire on his 65th birthday in February, has been working closely with the board on a succession planning strategy since early 2008. “I am very proud of what Flowserve employees have accomplished over the past four years. I am now looking forward to supporting a smooth transition for our employees, customers and shareholders. As Vice Chairman, I will be able to be actively engaged at the board level, as well as support the management team as they begin the planning process for 2010,” Kling added.
Blinn stated, “It is truly an honor to be selected by the Board for this leadership role, and I am excited about the opportunity to lead Flowserve, which has an outstanding team of employees, proven products, financial strength and an excellent customer base throughout the world. I am also grateful to Lew for his insightful guidance over the years and his continued assistance, as well as the Board members for their confidence in me. I am eager to assume my new responsibilities and firmly believe that Flowserve’s executive management team and dedicated employees are the best in our industry and will continue to support our industry leadership and growth into the future.”
About Flowserve Corp.
Flowserve Corp. is one of the world’s leading providers of fluid motion and control products and services. Operating in more than 55 countries, the company produces engineered and industrial pumps, seals and valves as well as a range of related flow management services. More information about Flowserve can be obtained by visiting the company’s Web site at www.flowserve.com.
SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT:
This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Words or phrases such as, “may,” “should,” “expects,” “could,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,” “predicts” or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which include, without limitation, earnings forecasts, statements relating to our business strategy and statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies and anticipated developments concerning our industry, business, operations and financial performance and condition.
The forward-looking statements included in this news release are based on our current expectations, projections, estimates and assumptions. These statements are only predictions, not guarantees. Such forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from what is forecast in such forward-looking statements, and include, without limitation, the following: a portion of our bookings may not lead to completed sales, and our ability to convert bookings into revenues at acceptable profit margins; risks associated with cost overruns on fixed-fee projects and in taking customer orders for large complex custom engineered products requiring sophisticated program management skills and technical expertise for completion; the substantial dependence of our sales on the success of the petroleum, chemical, power and water industries; the adverse impact of volatile raw materials prices on our products and operating margins; economic, political and other risks associated with our international operations, including military actions or trade embargoes that could affect customer markets, particularly Middle Eastern markets and global petroleum producers, and non-compliance with U.S. export/re-export control, foreign corrupt practice laws, economic sanctions and import laws and regulations; our furnishing of products and services to nuclear power plant facilities; potential adverse consequences resulting from litigation to which we are a party, such as litigation involving asbestos-containing material claims; a foreign government investigation regarding our participation in the United Nations Oil-for-Food Program; risks associated with certain of our foreign subsidiaries conducting business operations and sales in certain countries that have been identified by the U.S. State Department as state sponsors of terrorism; our relative geographical profitability and its impact on our utilization of deferred tax assets, including foreign tax credits, and tax liabilities that could result from audits of our tax returns by regulatory authorities in various tax jurisdictions; the potential adverse impact of an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangibles; our dependence upon third-party suppliers whose failure to perform timely could adversely affect our business operations; our dependence on our customers’ ability to make required capital investment and maintenance expenditures; the highly competitive nature of the markets in which we operate; environmental compliance costs and liabilities; potential work stoppages and other labor matters; our inability to protect our intellectual property in the U.S., as well as in foreign countries; obligations under our defined benefit pension plans; and other factors described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
All forward-looking statements included in this news release are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
Technical Contact: Paul Fehlman, 972-443-6517 Vice President Financial Planning & Analysis and Investor Relations
Media Contact: Lars Rosene, 469-420-3264 Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President Public Affairs



SHARE





















categories


Awards & Honors
Events & Tradeshows
Press Releases
Product Announcement


Contact Media relations
Click below to reach a member of our press team regarding any media inquiries.
 contact us










        © 2017 Flowserve Corporation
    























Flowserve Announces Executive Leadership Transition PlanHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,469.91-2.63 (-0.11%)Dow 3021,513.17-66.90 (-0.31%)Nasdaq6,410.81+23.05 (+0.36%)Flowserve Announces Executive Leadership Transition PlanBusiness WireSeptember 22, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareDALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Flowserve Corporation, (FLS), a leading provider of flow control products and services for the global infrastructure markets, today announced that Mark Blinn plans to retire as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors. To ensure an orderly transition, Mr. Blinn will remain in those roles until the appointment of his successor.This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160922006320/en/ Flowserve’s Board of Directors has a robust succession planning process and, in an effort to consider both internal and external candidates, has initiated a search to identify a successor to Mr. Blinn.Mr. Blinn joined Flowserve in October of 2004 and was named CEO in October of 2009. During his tenure as CEO, the Company has delivered a total shareholder return of approximately 64 percent. Flowserve’s track record of profitable growth and shareholder value creation reflects Mr. Blinn’s focus on operational excellence, cost control and profitably growing the Company through acquisitions and strategic growth initiatives.“After 12 years at Flowserve and seven as CEO, and as the Company begins its next phase of growth and development, the Board and I believe that now is the right time to initiate this planned transition of leadership responsibilities,” said Mr. Blinn. “It has been an honor and a privilege to lead Flowserve and its global team of approximately 19,000 talented employees, who are truly among the best in the business. Over the last year and a half, we have focused on restructuring our business, optimizing our manufacturing footprint and realigning our workforce to position the Company for growth and value creation through the current market cycle and beyond. While there is more work to be done, I know that Flowserve has the right plan and the right team in place to achieve its objectives. I am committed and look forward to continuing to lead Flowserve for the next several months.”“Under Mark’s leadership, the Company has made tremendous progress executing its strategic plan,” said William C. Rusnack, Chairman of the Board of Directors. “He has been instrumental in overseeing a number of significant acquisitions that have enhanced Flowserve’s geographic presence and product offerings and positioned the Company for continued success. Mark has been an effective leader across market cycles, and the Board thanks him for his many years of service and his dedication to our Company, employees, customers and shareholders.”Mr. Rusnack continued, “The Board and Mark have been discussing succession planning for some time, and we are confident that the orderly search process we are now undertaking will ensure a smooth transition for Flowserve and all of our stakeholders. As we look forward, we intend to identify a leader who will build on Flowserve’s strong operating platform, creating enhanced value for shareholders, partners, employees, and the Company’s other stakeholders. Mark is committed to working closely with the Board to identify his successor and seamlessly transition his responsibilities.”About Flowserve: Flowserve Corp. is one of the world’s leading providers of fluid motion and control products and services. Operating in more than 55 countries, the company produces engineered and industrial pumps, seals and valves as well as a range of related flow management services. More information about Flowserve can be obtained by visiting the company’s Web site at www.flowserve.com.Safe Harbor Statement: This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Words or phrases such as "may," "should," "expects," "could," "intends," "plans," "anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "forecasts," "predicts" or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which include, without limitation, earnings forecasts, statements relating to our business strategy and statements of expectations, beliefs, future plans and strategies and anticipated developments concerning our industry, business, operations and financial performance and condition.Read MoreThe forward-looking statements included in this news release are based on our current expectations, projections, estimates and assumptions. These statements are only predictions, not guarantees. Such forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These risks and uncertainties may cause actual results to differ materially from what is forecast in such forward-looking statements, and include, without limitation, the following: a portion of our bookings may not lead to completed sales, and our ability to convert bookings into revenues at acceptable profit margins; changes in global economic conditions and the potential for unexpected cancellations or delays of customer orders in our reported backlog; our dependence on our customers’ ability to make required capital investment and maintenance expenditures; risks associated with cost overruns on fixed-fee projects and in taking customer orders for large complex custom engineered products; the substantial dependence of our sales on the success of the oil and gas, chemical, power generation and water management industries; the adverse impact of volatile raw materials prices on our products and operating margins; our ability to execute and realize the expected financial benefits from our strategic manufacturing optimization and realignment initiatives; economic, political and other risks associated with our international operations, including military actions or trade embargoes that could affect customer markets, particularly Middle Eastern markets and global oil and gas producers, and non-compliance with U.S. export/re-export control, foreign corrupt practice laws, economic sanctions and import laws and regulations; increased aging and slower collection of receivables, particularly in Latin America and other emerging markets; our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including in hyperinflationary countries such as Venezuela; our furnishing of products and services to nuclear power plant facilities and other critical processes; potential adverse consequences resulting from litigation to which we are a party, such as litigation involving asbestos-containing material claims; a foreign government investigation regarding our participation in the United Nations Oil-for-Food Program; expectations regarding acquisitions and the integration of acquired businesses; our ability to anticipate and manage cybersecurity risk, including the risk of potential business disruptions or financial losses; our relative geographical profitability and its impact on our utilization of deferred tax assets, including foreign tax credits; the potential adverse impact of an impairment in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets; our dependence upon third-party suppliers whose failure to perform timely could adversely affect our business operations; the highly competitive nature of the markets in which we operate; environmental compliance costs and liabilities; potential work stoppages and other labor matters; our inability to protect our intellectual property in the U.S., as well as in foreign countries; obligations under our defined benefit pension plans; and other factors described from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.All forward-looking statements included in this news release are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160922006320/en/MULTIMEDIA AVAILABLE:http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160922006320/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextThe $180 million conflict that kept Scaramucci out of the White House in January has only gotten shadierBusiness InsiderObamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about itYahoo FinanceAlphabet stock drops on concerns that revenue growth is going to cost moreCNBCChina is crushing American tech titansYahoo Finance VideoStocks rangebound ahead of big earningsYahoo FinanceDemocrats roll out another feeble economic planYahoo FinanceSome of the most powerful people in the US are talking about a massive change to healthcareBusiness InsiderAmazon is the next 'FANG' stock set to explode, say analystsCNBCGoogle's forward guidance trumps earnings any day: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoEarnings won't matter if Q2 GDP disappoints investorsYahoo FinanceMcDonald's, GM, and Domino's — What you need to know in markets on TuesdayYahoo FinanceJordan Spieth celebrated his win at The Open by drinking out of the Claret JugBusiness InsiderNvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Is No Longer the Best Play on AIInvestorPlaceSaudi Arabia is cutting oil exports out of desperation: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoWall Street can't save Blue Apron's stockYahoo FinanceBillionaire investor Chris Sacca told an amazing story about how obsessed Kobe Bryant is with being a successful investor in the startup worldBusiness InsiderDemocrats roll out another feeble economic planCurly: Democrats long term economic plan is to take 100% of your pay check.Join the Conversation1 / 5984








