

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 







BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #6 LLC - Other- O'brien  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









BLOCS SCHOLARSHIP #6 LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    555 Croton Road Suite 310 
    King Of Prussia, PA, 19406Phone: 484-704-2306 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-16


New


$0


$0


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 William O'brien 
 Executive 

































Beyoncé creates Formation scholarships - Houston Chronicle


















































































































SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week

 

Sign In



 







MenuSections














 










http://www.chron.com/entertainment/music/article/Beyonc-creates-Formation-scholarships-11099892.php



Beyoncé creates Formation scholarships


By Andrew Dansby


        Published 8:41 am, Wednesday, April 26, 2017
    





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































                                            Photo: Christopher Polk/Getty Images For NARAS
                                    
 


Image 1of/6
CaptionClose



















Image 1 of 6


LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 12: Singer Beyonce during The 59th GRAMMY Awards at STAPLES Center on February 12, 2017 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Christopher Polk/Getty Images for NARAS)
LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 12: Singer Beyonce during The 59th GRAMMY Awards at STAPLES Center on February 12, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Christopher Polk/Getty Images for NARAS)

                                            Photo: Christopher Polk/Getty Images For NARAS
                                    

 



Image 2 of 6


Beyonce performs at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP)
Beyonce performs at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP)

                                            Photo: Matt Sayles, INVL
                                    

 



Image 3 of 6


Beyonce performs at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP)
Beyonce performs at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP)

                                            Photo: Matt Sayles, INVL
                                    

 



Image 4 of 6


Beyonce performs at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP)
Beyonce performs at the 59th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Matt Sayles/Invision/AP)

                                            Photo: Matt Sayles, INVL
                                    

 



Image 5 of 6


Beyoncé, pregnant with twins, performed "Love Drought" and "Sandcastles," songs off of her "Lemonade" album, at the 59th annual Grammy Awards at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. She was draped in a sheer, gold, belly-hugging gown and matching headpiece. less
Beyoncé, pregnant with twins, performed "Love Drought" and "Sandcastles," songs off of her "Lemonade" album, at the 59th annual Grammy Awards at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. She was draped in a sheer, ... more

                                            Photo: Matt Sayles, INVL
                                    

 



Image 6 of 6


BEST: BeyoncÃ©, pregnant with twins, stole the show in an ethereal golden gown by Peter Dundas, former creative director for Roberto Cavalli. She topped it off with a gold madonna-esque headpiece.
BEST: BeyoncÃ©, pregnant with twins, stole the show in an ethereal golden gown by Peter Dundas, former creative director for Roberto Cavalli. She topped it off with a gold madonna-esque headpiece.

                                            Photo: Matt Sayles, INVL
                                    








 






Beyoncé creates Formation scholarships

1 / 6


Back to Gallery
















As if Beyoncé doesn't have enough on her plate, what with being Beyoncé and also expecting twins next month, she just announced a new scholarship program she'll be funding. Via Rolling Stone, the first of the Formation Scholars will be given for the 2017-18 academic year.
Candidates are to be "young women who are unafraid to think outside the box and are bold, creative, conscious and confident."



One scholarship will be awarded to "female incoming, current or graduate studentspursuing studies in creative arts, music, literature or African-American studies" at each of four colleges: Berklee College of Music, Howard University, Parsons School of Design and Spelman College.
More on the scholarships here.

 














Latest from the Chron.com Homepage

Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page.









Happening Now
 



Charges: Houston-area man made porn with child under 5
8 things that will be more expensive next week
Ben and Jerry's faces boycott threats after study
Damning evidence against principal-turned-stripper

 
















Trending
 



31 worst TV sitcoms of all time
Houston restaurant one of the best in U.S.
Twins aim to get pregnant by same boyfriend
First look: Peska Cocina Latina restaurant
This is now the official beer of University of Houston
Photos: Most stylish homes in Houston
Check out this jaw-dropping Tomball ranch for sale
Country singer sues Uber for crash
Best budget airlines that fly through IAH
Vintage images show a Texas military base in 1942

 








Only a true Houstonian can say they've done these things
MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS
Dan Patrick slams Dem mayors over 'sanctuary cities'
Houston man accused of duct-taping dog
Tax reform bill, others clear Texas Senate
Complaint: Feces found in Texas Spa Castle








Step back in time with 'James Bond' home
'Game of Thrones' star lists home for $1.9 million
'Fixer Upper's' modern ranch on the market for $565,000








Volunteers clean up after popular river fest
Houston Shakespeare Festival takes the stage this week
BrewMasters Craft beer fest set for Sept. 1-3








Ranking Texas' best community colleges
UT professors appeal campus carry decision
UH Downtown's alligator mural to be demolished



 

 

 




 































More Entertainment News
 



GLAAD Condemns Trump’s New Military Ban: ‘Direct Attack on...
Trump’s Awkward Timing: Harry Truman Desegregated US...
‘Queen Sugar’ Renewed for Season 3, Ava DuVernay Inks...
‘Person to Person’ Review: Indie Drama Flails to Little Avail
Ratings: ‘America’s Got Talent’ and ‘World of Dance’...
Justin Trudeau Gets Rolling Stone Endorsement: ‘Why Can’t...

 

 




 




Most Read






1

Twins Anna and Lucy DeCinque share a boyfriend, aim to get...



2

8 things that will be more expensive in August



3

Dallas couple seeking $1 million from body shop that glued...



4

Ben and Jerry's faces boycott threats after a new study...



5

Video in trial shows woman's car speeding on wrong side of...



6

Video: Houston man steps in to subdue suspected drunk driver



7

Jaw-dropping Tomball ranch on the market for $13.75 million



8

Glenbrook Valley 'time capsule' to hit market



9

Feces found in Texas Spa Castle, customers say



10

Trump to bar transgender individuals from armed forces






 




 



 View Comments 



© 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc.



 

 












 


























The Best Scholarship Search Platforms of 2017 - Reviews.com

















































  The Best Scholarship Search Platforms of 2017












1. Introduction
College is the most expensive it’s ever been. With tuition rates rising an average of 3.5% every year, the average undergraduate now finishes their degree with over $37,000 in student debt. 
Scholarships are one of the best ways to reduce these growing costs and scholarship search platforms exist to help students find the most relevant ones. These platforms compile large databases of available scholarships and provide filters to allow students to maximize their searches. 
We created this guide to review the best scholarship search platforms and instruct students on how to use them effectively to find as many opportunities as possible. 
To determine the best scholarship search platforms, we spent over 40 hours researching 17 of the most popular sites across five core metrics including search functionality, scholarship availability, ease of use, application tools, and additional helpful resources.  
The best scholarship search platform was Fastweb. They scored the highest out of all 17 platforms because they were the easiest to use, had the most tools, and had among the most available scholarships with the highest dollar amounts. This search engine is best for most students including high school, undergraduate, and graduate. 
We also recommend Cappex. This platform scored consistently high in the most important categories of scholarship availability, ease of use, and tools. It is the best and best for students who want to be able to apply for and track the status of a large number of scholarships. 
What we’ll cover in this guide:

The major challenges students face when searching for scholarships

How the right search engine can help students overcome these challenges

What students should know before applying for a scholarship

The most important features of a great scholarship search platform

The best scholarship search platforms of 2017

Advice on early preparation to qualify for scholarships

Tips on applying for scholarships

Our full methodology and scoring process












2. The best scholarship search platforms of 2017


















#1: Fastweb

Fastweb is the top overall scholarship search platform in our review. They scored consistently high marks across every metric. They were the easiest to use as they required no registration to browse scholarship listings, had both a searchable database and personalized matches, and were mobile-friendly.
Fastweb also had the most tools of any platform. That fact, combined with a high score for scholarship availability, means Fastweb is the best platform for finding scholarships, managing deadlines, and tracking applications.
The only thing that could be considered a drawback would be a smaller number of search results than some competitors, but their overall third-place finish in that metric means they still outshine most. They also scored third-place in search functionality, so while the number of results you get may be smaller, they’re most likely more relevant to you than sites with high results but few filters.

#2 Cappex

Cappex ranked second place in our review mostly thanks to their large database. Only two other platforms returned more average search results, and even then, the margin wasn’t very wide. That database, combined with every desirable tool, pushed Cappex ahead of the competition.
Cappex was also among the easiest platforms to use. They have both a searchable database and personalized matches. When a site has only personalized matches, there’s no way for you to manually check the rest of the database for any opportunities that the matching filters might have missed. We saw nothing to suggest that Cappex gave bad matches, but it’s always a bonus to be able to search scholarships by category as well.
The main drawback of the Cappex platform is the fact that they offered no filters for military affiliation. Veteran scholarships may appear somewhere in their database, but there was no filter that would allow you to be matched specifically to them.

#3: Unigo

Strong scores in the most important metrics elevated Unigo to a third-place finish by a wide margin. The nearest competitors would have to make significant improvements to their platforms to overtake Unigo’s spot. Meanwhile, Unigo would only have to make a few minor additions to its site to claim our first-place position. 
Unigo ranked first in our most heavily-weighted metric, Search Functionality. They have the most filters and scholarship categories of any other platform at nearly 2,000. No other site allows you to get more specific in your search. They also tied our top ranked platform in Ease of Use, which means you should have no problems find the exact scholarship you need with minimal effort.
The only areas in which Unigo falls short are tools and additional resources. There are no deadline reminders or new match notifications, so you’ll have to be more diligent in your searches and managing deadlines than some sites.

Additional recommendations
#8: Big Future

Big Future is a scholarship search platform operated by the College Board, the administrators of the SAT. It is a basic, but thorough site that allows you to search multiple scholarship categories at once, including all of the key filters such as GPA, test scores, gender, and ethnicity. There are no saved profiles or personalized matches, so you need to re-enter your search every time you use it.
Where Big Future stands out is in the wealth of additional college planning tools they offer. They are a one-stop-shop for financial aid information and tuition planning. There are eight different cost calculators, as well as dozens of helpful articles, videos, and in-depth guides.
Even if you don’t utilize Big Future’s scholarship search, they are worth checking out for their helpful tools alone. If you use them in conjunction with one of our top-ranking search platforms, you should have no problem planning your college finances.











3. What should you know about scholarships?
What are scholarships?
At its most basic definition, a scholarship is money for tuition and school expenses that doesn’t need to be repaid, unlike a student loan. It is a gift from a donor that you use to pay for college. 
Scholarships are sponsored by a variety of organizations including (but not limited to) schools, businesses, professional associations, and religious groups.
How do scholarships work?
Scholarships are set up exclusively for students who fit a particular profile, one that is usually in line with the mission and ideology of the sponsor organization. Those qualifications can be based on academic achievement, financial need, ethnic background, career goals, or countless other factors.
The scholarship and its eligibility requirements are advertised by the sponsor organization. Any student who qualifies is encouraged to apply. Once the application period is closed, a team of judges reviews each candidate and picks a winner.
How the award money is distributed depends on the scholarship sponsor. Typically, the money is sent directly to the college on the winner’s behalf. From there, it is applied to any tuition or fees that the student owes. If the money isn’t sent directly to the school, it will most likely be sent directly to the winner in the form of a check.
How do you find a scholarship?
Over $50 billion in scholarships were awarded to students last year. With a number that large, it would seem that an opportunity wouldn’t be hard to find, but the opposite is true. Because there are so many scholarships spread across a wide variety of eligibility requirements, searching through all of them is the hardest step in the process.
Most students face the same common problems:

No single source for scholarship listings: Thousands of organizations sponsor scholarships every year and each advertises through their different channels. A basic internet search takes too long and leaves a majority of opportunities undiscovered.
Missed deadlines: By the time many students find their ideal opportunities, the deadlines have either already passed or are too close to complete all of the application requirements in time.
Incomplete information: When third-parties advertise a scholarship outside of the sponsor’s website, many do so with incomplete details. Students who apply based solely on third-party information might be unaware of key eligibility requirements that disqualify them from the competition.
Scholarship scams: The internet is filled with fake scholarship opportunities that most often include scholarships with application or redemption fees (and awards that never materialize), paid “guaranteed scholarship” search services, and identity theft scams.

A quality scholarship search platform is the best solution to all of these problems. These dedicated websites and mobile apps compile large databases of active scholarships from thousands of organizations and put them in one place for students to browse. They most often include dozens of filters that allow you search only for awards that match your unique qualifications, such as scholarships by ethnicity, major, test scores, and extracurricular activity.
The best platforms constantly update their databases, the benefit of which is two-fold. First, they are always adding new opportunities. Second, their information on existing scholarships is always up-to-date, meaning you’ll never find the perfect match only to discover later that the award doesn’t exist anymore or the eligibility requirements have changed. They also allow you to save scholarships to a favorites list, send you reminders when deadlines are approaching, and do a good job of filtering out scams.










4. How do scholarship search platforms work?
Each scholarship search platform begins with a large database of scholarship opportunities, complete with details and links to the sponsor’s application page. From there, they typically allow students to search the database in one of two ways:
Search by category
Each scholarship is tagged with its key eligibility requirements and sorted into appropriate sub-directories. You can then browse the different categories to see all of the scholarships of that type. Some allow you to select multiple categories at once to compile your own list. 
Personalized matches based on a profile
Before beginning your search, you’re required to register for the site. As you do, you create a profile that includes all of your relevant personal and academic details, such as age, gender, race, desired major, GPA, test scores, extracurricular activities, organizational affiliations, etc.
Once you complete your registration, the platform presents a list of scholarships that you qualify for based on the information entered in your profile. The list is updated every time you log onto the site, and some will send email or text alerts if they find a new match while you are away.
Common Features
Whether they have scholarships grouped by category or personalized matches (some have both), most search platforms share these key features:

Search by keyword: A simple search bar allows you to search within the separate categories or your personalized matches. This is especially useful if you’re trying to find information on a specific scholarship for which you already know the name or sponsor.
Search filters: You can request to see only scholarships you qualify for by selecting category filters or entering them into your profile information. The type and number of filters varies by platform. Some have a few, while others have thousands. The most common ones are:

Hide unwanted results: If you decide not to pursue a particular scholarship, you can add it to a block list so that it won’t appear in your future searches.

Save scholarships: If you see an opportunity you’re interested in, but want to continue your search, you can add it to a favorites list so you can come back to it when you’re ready.
Track applications: Once you save a scholarship to your favorites list, you can then tag it with your application status: will apply, applied, didn’t win, won, etc.
Deadline alerts: Many platforms will also send you deadline alerts for the applications you saved but haven’t applied to yet.

Drawbacks
While they are extremely beneficial, no search platform is perfect. There are some potential drawbacks to keep in mind:

Some sites limit your search results with additional filters rather than increasing them
Most sites show you an additional, full category of results for every new filter you apply, but a minority of them string those filters together into one large qualification. The former site could show you hundreds of results, while the latter might make it seem as if you don’t qualify for any scholarships at all.
For example, if you are a Hispanic student, interested in studying biology, and you play the violin, the first site would show you scholarships for Hispanics, scholarships for biology majors, and scholarships for violinists. The second site would only show you scholarships for Hispanic violinists studying biology. Few scholarships are that specific, so you’re likely to return zero results.
It’s important to understand how the filters function on whichever platform you choose and adjust your search accordingly.
Some sites don’t update their databases regularly enough
New scholarships are made available every day, while others expire just as often. Not every site updates their database quick enough to keep up with that pace. If you use a site with an outdated database, you could get search results for inactive scholarships, or for awards whose eligibility requirements have changed.
Many sites include sponsored ads and scholarships with your search results
Often (but not always) the sponsored ads are not traditional scholarships at all, but rather scholarship challenges or lotteries. They involve registration and participation on outside sites for what amounts to little reward money. 
Other times, they’re for scholarships for which you don’t qualify. Under normal circumstances, they would be filtered from your results, but because they’re sponsored, they’re included. Some sites do a good job highlighting sponsored results, but it can still be easy to confuse them for the real opportunities.
No single site has information on every scholarship
It’s impossible for any platform to keep up with every award available. Always perform diligent research outside of whichever search platform you choose to make sure you don’t miss out on any opportunities.











5. What should students know before they search for a scholarship?











6. How we reviewed the best scholarship search platforms
To determine the best scholarship search platforms, we first compiled a master list of the most popular sites. We established that list by conducting basic internet searches, studying existing rankings, reading hundreds of student reviews, and following the recommendations of several state departments of education and college admissions offices. 
That gave us a starting list of 28 platforms:






1.
Big Future (College Board)


2.
Start Class


3.
Fastweb


4.
ScholarshipPortal


5.
Scholarships.com


6.
Student Scholarship Search


7.
Scholarship Owl


8.
College Toolkit


9.
Unigo


10.
Niche


11.
Scholly


12.
Broke Scholar


13.
Cappex


14.
Career One Stop


15.
Chegg


16.
CollegeData


17.
GoodCall


18.
Peterson’s


19.
Sallie Mae


20.
U.S. DOE Office of Federal Student Aid


21.
FinAid.org


22.
ScholarshipPoints


23.
Scholarship Monkey


24.
CollegeNET


25.
Art Deadlines List


26.
Military.com Scholarship Finder


27.
American Society of Mechanical Engineers Scholarship Finder


28.
National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering







We used those same student reviews and DOE recommendations to establish the following minimum criteria for each platform in our final review: 

Must not be a scholarship challenge/lottery site
Must have a unique, searchable database of outside scholarships
Must include results for more than a single demographic (i.e. scholarships exclusively for electrical engineers, military personnel, or employees of a specific company)
Must be regularly updated with new opportunities
Must make an effort to filter/remove inactive scholarships
Must not charge for otherwise free financial aid services (pay to apply for a scholarship, pay to file FAFSA, etc.)

Applying that minimum criteria eliminated 11 sites:

American Society of Mechanical Engineers Scholarship Finder: Only includes results for a single demographic.
Art Deadlines List: Not searchable and only includes results for a single demographic.
CollegeNET: Not a database, it’s a scholarship challenge.
College Toolkit: Duplicate database to Student Scholarship Search.
FinAid.org: Not a unique database; uses a FastWeb widget.
Military.com Scholarship Finder: Only includes results for a single demographic.
National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering Scholarship Finder: Only includes results for a single demographic.
Scholarship Monkey: Broken database; could not create a profile.
Scholarship Owl: Charges for free financial aid services.
ScholarshipPoints: Not a database, it’s a scholarship lottery.
U.S. DOE Office of Federal Student Aid: Not a unique database, it links out to other resources.

This left us with 17 sites to review in detail.
Next, we determined the most important qualities of a great scholarship search platform based on praises (or complaints) from student reviews and discussions in college planning forums, recommendations from college admissions professionals, and trends found in our initial research of the most popular sites. 
They are:

These five qualities became the core metrics of our ranking system.
Lastly, we divided each core metric into 33 smaller sub-metrics and graded each one on a scale from 1-10 to calculate the core metric score. Each core metric score was then weighed by importance to arrive at a search platform’s overall score.
Here is a breakdown:


Search Functionality (30%):
Searchable by:

Keyword/Scholarship type
Location (home state + college state)
GPA
Test scores
Major
Profession/industry
Gender
Ethnicity
Religious affiliation
Organizational affiliation
Military affiliation
Disabilities
Sports
Extra-curricular activities
Special attributes



Scholarship Availability (25%):

Average total scholarship results
Average total scholarship value
Are there prospective undergraduate scholarships
Are there current undergraduate scholarships
Are there graduate scholarships



Ease of Use (20%):

Is there a registration requirement
Does it have a searchable database
Are there personalized matches based on profile
What fees are there
Is it mobile-friendly
Privacy (is your personal information given to colleges and partner companies?)



Tools (15%):

Ability to hide unwanted search results
Ability to save scholarships to watch lists
Ability to track applications
Ability to receive alerts for upcoming due dates
Ability to to receive new scholarship notifications



Additional Resources (10%):

Any additional educational material for students
Any additional planning tools



(For complete scoring details, see the section Full methodology and metric walkthrough)
Drawbacks to our reviewing process
The top feature most students look for in a scholarship search platform is which site has the highest total number of listings. Unfortunately, it’s impossible for us to get an accurate count of every database. Many sites don’t make that information available, and those that do often give inflated or inaccurate numbers (their total counts often include expired and inactive scholarships, as well as single scholarships tagged in multiple categories). 
Because of that, there’s no way for us to honestly grade any platform based on which has the “most” scholarships available. Instead, we chose to grade the average search results of each site based on common student demographics, which is an average number of results the typical student can expect. It’s not an ideal measure, but it’s the most objective.
To determine the average search results, we created 25 profiles representing the “average student” based on data from the U.S. Department of Education, the U.S. Census Bureau, and the College Board. We made five profiles for each one of five race categories, with each profile seeking one of the five current most popular degree majors. Our prospective students had a GPA and test scores equal to the national average for all incoming college freshman. 
The races were:

Caucasian
African American
Hispanic
Asian
Native American

The degrees were:

Business Administration
Nursing
Psychology
Biology
Teaching

We searched every scholarship site using each profile, recorded the number of scholarship results, and then averaged them. This gave us the best idea of what the typical student can expect to find when using each platform.










7. Guide to applying for scholarships
The Basics of Scholarships
Financial Aid Terms and Definitions
Before you start to apply for any scholarships, you should familiarize yourself with some basic terms and definitions. The following list isn’t exhaustive, but it includes the terms you’re most likely to come across during your search.



Award letter
The financial aid award letter details all of the various forms of aid you’re eligible to receive through your prospective school, including grants, scholarships, and loans. It’s only a statement of all the aid that you qualify for. You’re under no obligation to accept any of it.
Cost of Attendance (COA)The cost of attendance is the total price for one year of college after all tuition, fees, and required personal expenses are calculated.Expected Family Contribution (EFC)Your EFC is the amount of money the government expects your family to contribute to your tuition. They determine that amount contribution based on your parent’s financial information that must be submitted as a part of the FAFSA.FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid)The FAFSA is the form used to apply for federal financial aid. The information you provide on it determines your Expected Family Contribution.Federal student aidFederal student aid consists of federal student loans, grants, and work studies that are awarded by the government based on financial need.Financial Aid PackageYour financial aid package is the combination of all forms of aid, from all sources, that you are eligible to receive. Your aid package is detailed in the award letter sent to you by your prospective school.GrantsGrants are a form of tuition assistance typically awarded by federal and state governments based on financial need and demographic requirements. Unlike federal loans, they don’t need to be repaid.Student LoansStudent loans are tuition money that must be paid back to the lender over time with interest.Net PriceNet price is the true cost of college after all gift aid and educational tax benefits are deducted. It’s what’s left for you to pay out of pocket once all of your grants and scholarships are applied.Room and boardRoom and board is the cost to live on campus. Living on campus will increase your overall cost of attendance.ScholarshipsLike grants, scholarships are a form of financial aid that doesn’t need to be repaid. Unlike grants, they are most often merit-based (academic achievement, volunteer work, etc.).Student Aid Report (SAR)The SAR is the notice sent to you after completing the FAFSA. Unlike an award letter, it doesn’t list the aid you’re eligible for. It is simply a copy of your processed FAFSA that now includes your official EFC.TuitionTuition is the money charged for class instruction only. It’s either charged on a per-credit basis, or a flat fee. It doesn’t include room and board, textbooks, supplies, or other fees. Tuition reimbursementTuition reimbursement (or tuition assistance) is when a company refunds some or all of the cost of tuition for employees studying in a work-related area.Work-studyA work study (or work award) is a form of federal financial aid in which students are given tuition funds in exchange for part-time employment.



Scholarships versus Grants
Grants are similar to scholarships in that they are gift money for college that doesn’t need to be repaid. The main difference between the two is that the grants are sponsored by the government rather than private organizations.
There are currently four types of federal grants available:



Federal Pell GrantsAwarded to undergraduate students who have not earned a bachelor's or professional degree. The maximum award is $5,775 and is based on:


financial need
tuition cost
enrollment status
length of attendance


Note: You cannot receive Pell Grants from more than one school at a time, or for more than 12 semesters.
Federal Supplemental Educational Opportunity Grants (FSEOG)Campus-based grant administered by the financial aid office. Not all schools participate. Award amounts range from $100 to $4,000 a year, based on financial need and availability of funds.Teacher Education Assistance for College and Higher Education GrantsProvides up to $4,000 a year to completing coursework for a teaching degree. The program requires that specific teaching-related courses be taken. You must also agree to teach:



in a high-need field 
at a school that serves students from low-income families 
for at least four complete academic years within eight years after graduation



If the requirements aren’t met, the grant turns into a loan and must be repaid with interest.Iraq and Afghanistan Service GrantsRewarded to students whose parent or guardian was a member of the U.S. armed forces and died as a result of military service performed in Iraq or Afghanistan after the events of 9/11 and who:



are not eligible for a Federal Pell Grant on the basis of your Expected Family Contribution but meet the remaining Federal Pell Grant eligibility requirements
were under 24 years old or enrolled in college at least part-time at the time of the death.



The award amount is equal to the amount of a maximum Federal Pell Grant.



Your search for college funding should include grants as well as scholarships, especially considering that there are no extra steps involved to find them. Grant eligibility is determined based on the information you provide in the FAFSA.
If you weren’t planning on filling out a Free Application for Federal Student Aid, you should. There are enough different programs and opportunities available that everyone could potentially qualify for some form of assistance. There are also a number of state-level and school-sponsored programs that rely on the FAFSA for qualification.
You can find all of the information you need at the official FAFSA website.
Types of Scholarships
There are two main types of scholarships:
School-sponsored: School sponsored scholarships are affiliated with a specific institution. They can either be funded by the school or an outside organization, but they are only available to students attending that particular college. Information and applications can typically be obtained through the school’s financial aid office.
External: External scholarships are sponsored by outside donors, businesses, organizations, foundations, etc. They’re not affiliated with a specific institution and can be used at any school of the recipient’s choosing.
From there, scholarships fall into a few broad categories:

Need-based: These scholarships are awarded based on demonstrated financial need. Many need-based scholarships are school-sponsored and funded directly by the college. Their eligibility and awards are based on the financial information submitted to them through the FAFSA.
Merit-based: Rather than taking into account financial need, these scholarships are awarded based on individual achievement: academic, artistic, philanthropic, etc.

Demographic: A large number of scholarships are set up for students that fit a specific demographic such as race, sex, age, religion, sexual orientation, or residents a specific geographical region.

Major/Career: Many colleges and organizations sponsor scholarships for students who major in a specific subject area or who are training for a specific career.

Athletic: These scholarships are awarded to students based on their performance in a particular sport. There are external organizations that award athletic scholarships, but the majority are sponsored by the school itself.

When to start
Every scholarship has a different application deadline. Some can be as early as a year before you graduate high school. You should start your search no later than the beginning of your junior year and start sending out applications during the summer before senior year.
If possible, start even earlier. Many scholarships are offered year after year. Even if you can’t apply for one until your junior year, knowing all of the details and requirements in your sophomore year will give you more time to make sure you meet all of the qualifications by the time you’re eligible.
Finding a Scholarship
Create a list of your qualifications
First, write down all your personal accomplishments, academic achievements, awards, extracurricular activities, and group affiliations. Next, list out your ethnicity, gender, geographical location, talents or passions, military service, your desired major/career, and anything you can think of that defines you and makes you unique in some way.
Each item on your list can be used as a filter on a scholarship search platform. The more categories you fit into, the more opportunities you’ll find.
Use a scholarship search platform
With so many scholarships offered by so many different organizations, a basic internet search would never uncover them all. A dedicated scholarship search platform will give you much better results and save a lot of time. 
The best platforms have large, continually updated databases with plenty of academic, demographic, and geographic filters to help you find every opportunity for which you qualify. To find the right search platform for you, refer back to our complete ranking of the Best Scholarship Search Platforms of 2017. 
Explore all potential sources
In addition to internet scholarship searches, think about smaller, local sources to which you already have a personal connection. If any of them offer scholarships, not only are you uniquely qualified through your association with them but they might also have a much smaller candidate pool, which increases your chances of winning.
Some examples of potential scholarship sources are:

Work: If you currently have a job, your company may offer career scholarships or tuition reimbursement for work-related degrees. If you don’t work, inquire with a parent’s employer.
School networks: Your local school district may have scholarship opportunities available in a variety of academic categories. If not the schools themselves, then perhaps organizations associated with them. For example, if you’re a member of the school’s AV club, a larger regional AV association may offer scholarships for technical degree seekers. Also, if you’re planning on attending the same college as a parent, check with alumni organizations for any potential funding opportunities.
Community organizations: Veterans associations, social clubs, recreational sports leagues and more have been known to sponsor scholarships for students in their communities.
Religious groups: Many churches and independent religious organizations sponsor scholarships for members.
Campus organizations: Students already attending a college should research any opportunities with various campus organizations such as fraternities, sororities, academic groups, social clubs, and religious societies. 

Write query letters
A query letter is a simple request for a scholarship application, complete guidelines, and a list of relevant deadlines. Dedicated scholarship webpages and online applications have eliminated much of the need for traditional queries, but you should be prepared to write some just in case.
Come up with a single template in which you can substitute specific information so you can send the same letter out to multiple sponsors and save some time.
Search constantly
To make sure you don’t miss out on any opportunities, you should plan on searching and sending out multiple waves of applications, not just one batch.
This is true even after you’ve started college. There are plenty of scholarships available for current undergraduates as well as graduate students.
Be aware of scams
The most common scholarship scams are ones that charge for information or services that are otherwise freely available. The key to avoiding all of them is to never pay for commercial financial aid services (such as paying a company to fill out your FAFSA for you) or for scholarship searches.
The U.S. Department of Education also warns against any scholarships that charge an application fee. If you come across one in your search, it’s most likely a scammer charging you to apply for an existing scholarship on your behalf.
If you ever have any questions about scholarships in general, or the validity of any opportunity you find, your safest, most reliable sources for scholarship information are:

Your library’s reference section
Your college financial aid office
Your State Department of Education

Use this government resource to locate your state’s DOE agencies
Applying for a Scholarship
Gather any required paperwork

A majority of scholarships involve more than just submitting an application form. Most request that you include additional materials as well. If you fail to submit them as a part of your application, you’ll be disqualified from the competition.
Supporting documentation
The supporting documents required for a scholarship application help prove your eligibility for the award. Not all scholarships require every document, but the most commonly requested ones are:

High school transcript: This is a documented record of your entire high school career. It details your yearly academic performance, final grades, standardized test scores, and any honors or awards you earned. You’ll need a transcript for any scholarship with a GPA requirement.
Standardized test scores: Your test score report details your SAT or ACT results and is usually included as a part of your high school transcript. If not, it can be obtained separately from your high school or the school district’s administration office. Any scholarship with a minimum test score threshold will request a copy of this report.
Financial aid forms: Need-based scholarships request forms proving the student’s financial need. Students can often satisfy this requirement by submitting their FAFSA information via a copy of their Student Aid Report. If not, the sponsor will most likely have their own financial forms that need to be filled out.
Letters of recommendation: This is when someone writes a letter on your behalf recommending you as a person worthy of winning a particular scholarship. It should directly address your qualifications for the specific award instead of just a blanket recommendation. Letters should come from academic or professional sources (teachers, professors, employers, clergy, etc.), not family or friends.
Curriculum Vitae (CV): This is an educational resume. It should list all of your academic accomplishments, study experiences, volunteer work, hobbies, interests, and educational/career goals. A lot of this information is included as a part of a scholarship application, so you’re less likely to need to include a CV than you are other documents, but you should have one prepared just in case.
Essays: Judges often use personal essays to differentiate equally-qualified students and help make their decisions. Scholarship essays typically have a main prompt that asks you to discuss a certain topic or answer a specific question related to the mission of the sponsor organization. They vary in subject, length, and format, so you need to be prepared to write separate essays for each application instead of just one that you can submit multiple times.

Other potential requirements
Supporting documents and essays are the most typical application requirements, but depending on the type of scholarship and level of competition, it could also require one of the following:

Special Projects: Major/career-specific scholarships are known to ask applicants to submit projects based on their desired area of study. For example, students applying for scholarships in one of the arts could be required to submit relevant short films, songs, paintings, or photography portfolios.
Written exams: Though they are rare, some prestigious, high-value scholarships with heavy competition require applicants to take a written exam in addition to submitting their existing grades and test scores to help determine the winner.
Interviews: Like written exams, face-to-face interviews with a scholarship review board are rare, but there are awards that utilize them. During the interview, you will be asked basic questions about why you deserve the scholarship and how you plan to use it if you win. Your responses and overall demeanor impact the judge’s decision.

Verify your qualifications
A lot of scholarships have secondary qualifications beyond the primary one. For example, an academic scholarship might also have a demographic requirement. Take extra care to read through all of the qualifications to ensure that you’re truly eligible.
It’s also important to always be honest. It might be tempting for you to embellish your accomplishments on paper to make them meet a scholarship’s requirements. Ultimately, the judges will see through any deception and reject your application. Not only will you waste valuable time, you will most likely get yourself disqualified from any future opportunities with that sponsor. 
It’s always smarter to focus on the scholarships you are clearly eligible for than to lie or exaggerate to apply for one that you aren’t.
Organize and track your applications
Try to use a scholarship search platform that includes tools for tracking your applications. If the platform you decide on doesn’t have those tools, or if you feel more comfortable using your own system, here are our suggestions for staying organized:

Make a separate file folder (either physical or digital) for each scholarship and sort them by application deadline. 
Gather any required documents and keep a separate copy with each file. 
Create a single document that you can use to track of all your applications in one place. We recommend including the following information:

Scholarship name
Scholarship sponsor
Contact information
Scholarship website address (if applicable)
Application deadline
Award amount
Summary of specific criteria (GPA, test scores, volunteer hours, etc.)
A list of required documentation (transcripts, essays, etc.)
Date you applied
Current status (not yet applied, applied – pending, denied, awarded)
Total amount awarded (if any)


Keep a copy of every completed application and add it to your scholarship file.

Throughout the process, constantly update your files to ensure you don’t miss any deadlines, forget to include any required documents, apply for the same scholarship twice, or skip over an opportunity because you thought you already applied for it. 
Manage your deadlines
For every scholarship, you need to give yourself plenty of time to gather all of the needed documents and complete any essays or projects. You should start working on those requirements as soon as possible to ensure that you meet all of your deadlines.
This is especially true of recommendation letters. With them, you’re dependent on someone else to complete a key requirement, someone who may not operate on your schedule. You need enough time to request a letter, allow the person to write it, get it back, and submit it with your application.
Double-check and proofread everything
Typos look unprofessional and can easily cost you a scholarship. With so many students competing for the same award, grammar errors in an application or essay are an easy way for judges to disqualify you and narrow the field.
You also don’t want to look over an application after you’ve submitted it and realize you forgot to list an accomplishment, such as an academic award, that could have given you an advantage in the competition.
Have a trusted friend or family member review your work before you submit it, no matter how many times you’ve checked over it yourself.
Essay, Interview, and Recommendation Letter Tips
Essay Tips
Essays are the most common application requirement, but they are also the most varied. Some have specific prompts and questions they want answered, while others leave the topic up to you. They also have different formats and lengths.
Here are some standard guidelines you’ll want to keep in mind:

If an essay doesn’t have a prompt, we have some suggestions for topics:

Personal achievements: An essay is one of your best opportunities to sell yourself to a scholarship judge. Your application already listed your personal achievements, but now you have a chance to elaborate on them. You’ll especially want to include any community service or volunteer work.
Academic plans: Describe your educational goals. Tell the sponsor exactly what you plan on doing with the scholarship should you win it. Give them an idea of the impact their money will have on the world if they invest it in you.
Social issues/current events: Discussing social issues and current events in an essay is a great way to illustrate your intelligence, character, and personality all at once. Just be sure to tailor the subject to the scholarship. Give your opinion or insight on an issue related to the mission of the sponsor.
Mentors and influences: Give the judges an idea of who you are by describing mentors and role models. Describe learning experiences and specific instances where their example influenced your life. If possible, choose an influence from your academic major or intended career, or choose someone in the same field as the scholarship sponsor.

Interview tips
Your first step in preparing for an interview should be thoroughly researching the sponsor organization. You need to have a solid understanding of their history and ideology so you’re prepared to discuss how you fit into their mission. 
There’s no way to know what questions the interviewer will ask, but you should prepare answers for some of the most common ones, including: 

Tell us about yourself.
Why did you apply for this scholarship?
Why do you think you’re the best candidate for this scholarship?
What makes you stand out from other candidates?
What is the most important thing you’ve learned in high school?
What are your greatest strengths?
What are your weaknesses?
Tell us about a time when you displayed leadership qualities.
How do you contribute to your community?
Tell us about a specific event that greatly influenced you.
What are your academic goals?
What are your career goals?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
How do you spend your free time?
What is a skill or experience you hope to leave college with?
What personal achievements are you most proud of?
What’s one of the biggest mistakes you’ve made and what did you learn from it?
Tell us about a person that has influenced your life and how.
Talk about a significant challenge you have encountered.
If you could do high school over again, what would you do differently?

The interviewer may also ask you to elaborate on details from your application, ask questions about your recommendation letter and its author, or ask you to discuss current events. 
Take care to answer every question thoroughly and remember to be as specific about yourself as possible and relate your answers to the sponsor’s mission where applicable. 
Once you’ve prepared all of your answers, you just need to remember some basic interview tips:

Dress professionally. First impressions count for a lot in an interview. Do your best to look like someone worth investing money in.
Be honest. If you’re in an interview, you’ve already proven your qualifications and are in serious contention for the award. There is no need to lie at this point.
Study your application. The interviewer will have a copy of your application and supporting documentation. It’s important to remember everything you originally wrote so you don’t contradict yourself.
Be yourself. The interview is your chance to show the scholarship sponsor that you’re more than a GPA and a list of accomplishments. Be respectful, but also relaxed. Your unique personality is what is going to set you apart from other candidates. 
Be grateful. Make sure you convey your appreciation for the opportunity the sponsor has provided and your excitement at the possibility of winning. Follow up with an email (or letter) the day after the interview to reiterate your gratitude.

Recommendation letter tips
The first step is decided who to ask for a recommendation. Here are the most important things to keep in mind:

Don’t ask family or friends: Your family and friends have no credibility when it comes to official recommendations. Your letters need to come from objective, professional sources.
Choose someone who knows you well: Ask for a letter from someone who is familiar with your work and achievements, as well as someone who understands your educational goals and the goals of the scholarship sponsor.
Know your audience: It’s important to tailor your letters to the scholarship. For example, if the scholarship is sponsored by a religious organization, you should consider asking a trusted clergy member for a letter rather than your football coach.
Make a list of potential writers: Group everyone on your list by their area of expertise so you have a pool of writers to approach as each unique scholarship opportunity arises.

Once you’ve compiled a list of writers, you need to solicit them for the letters. To make the easier for them, and to ensure that you get the letter you need, follow these tips:

Give them plenty of time: The timeframe needs to be large enough that they can complete the letter without inconveniencing their schedule. You also need to give yourself extra time between your request and the application deadline just in case the letter isn’t completed in that window.
Make a formal request: Where possible, arrange a meeting where you can ask for a recommendation letter in person.
Be prepared for rejection and have a backup plan: Some people don’t feel comfortable writing recommendation letters for a variety of reasons. If your first choice denies your request, ask if there is someone else they could recommend. If not, have a second choice lined up from your list.
Give your writer all the information they’ll need:
Make sure they have:

Your complete contact information
Any forms they needs to fill out as a part of the recommendation
The sponsor, title, and description of the scholarship
The contact information and address of the recipient
Scholarship deadline information
A copy of your completed scholarship application for reference
A full list of your academic achievements and a transcript
Your resume or CV
A brief letter of your own reminding the writer of your past work together (If a teacher: a description of outstanding coursework in their class, a past essay, etc.)













8. Groups with additional scholarship opportunities
Minorities
In an effort to increase diversity on college campuses, millions of dollars in minority scholarships are established by various organizations every year. They were the largest category of scholarships in our research. The search platforms we reviewed had over 600 separate filters for race and ethnicity. 
There’s a good chance that you can find a scholarship that you qualify for based on your heritage alone, but adding a minority status to your other qualifications increases your chances even more. Specifying a minority race in our searches resulted in an additional 5-10 scholarships for every area of study.
Students with disabilities
The Americans with Disabilities Act makes mandates that colleges be physically accessible to students with disabilities, but economic disadvantages can keep higher education financially inaccessible for some. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the National Disability Institute, people with disabilities have higher unemployment, lower income, and higher living expenses than those without, which makes paying for college more difficult than usual.
Fortunately, there are a large number of scholarships set up to counteract that problem. Disability scholarships were the second largest category in our review. We found nearly 400 different filters for disabilities of all kinds. In addition to general scholarships for students with disabilities, adding one of those filters to our searches also resulted in 2-10 more scholarships per area of study. 
Veterans
Aside from the federal programs established for military members like the G.I. Bill and various grants, there are also a large amount of private scholarship opportunities set up exclusively for veterans. 
Veteran scholarships were the third largest category in our review with over 300 separate filters. In addition to general military service scholarships, there are awards for every branch of service and for a large number of different conflicts such as those for Korean, Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan War veterans.
Veteran scholarships are also one of the few categories where family members are just as likely to qualify as the veterans themselves. If you are the child of a veteran or active duty service member, be sure to specify that in your profile as it could open you up to a lot of opportunities that you would otherwise miss.
Women
You’ll notice that one of the first things a scholarship search profile asks for is your gender. The reason is that there are a large number of scholarships set up exclusively for women. Not only are there scholarships where being a woman is the only major qualification, adding a female filter to our searches also resulted in 2-10 more results per category.
There were a particularly large number of scholarships offered for women seeking to enter traditionally male-dominated fields such as science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. If you’re interested in a STEM career, be sure to research those opportunities.










9. Full methodology and metric walkthrough
How we selected the platforms in our review
We conducted our own research, reviewed existing rankings, and followed the recommendations of college admissions professionals to compile an initial list of the 28 most popular scholarship search platforms. 
We then applied the following minimum criteria to narrow down that list for our final review: 

Must not be a scholarship lottery site
Must have a unique, searchable database of outside scholarships
Must include results for more than a single demographic
Must be regularly updated with new opportunities
Must make an effort to remove inactive scholarships
Must not charge for otherwise free financial aid services

This gave us a final list of 17 scholarship sites.
How we scored our methodology
Based on our research, we determined the five most important aspects of any search platform, which became our core metrics. We then established key features that we organized as sub-metrics under the appropriate core categories.
After grouping the sub-metrics into their core metrics, we assigned each a score of 1-10 for every search platform reviewed. The final core metric score was averaged from the sub-metric totals.
For example, our #1 overall platform, Fastweb, ranked #3 in Scholarship Availability with a score of 8.9. That core metric is made up of five sub-metrics.
Here’s how Fastweb scored for each:

Once all of the core metrics were scored, we applied percentile weights based on importance, took their average, and calculated their final ranking.
Highest Scoring Scholarship Search Platforms



RankPlatformOverall Score1Fastweb9.3/102Cappex8.1/103Unigo7.8/104Student Scholarship Search7.1/105Scholarships.com7.1/106Scholly7.0/107Sallie Mae6.9/108 (tie)Big Future6.2/108 (tie)GoodCall6.2/1010CollegeData5.7/1011Chegg5.5/1012Start Class5.2/1013Peterson's5.1/1014Broke Scholar4.6/1015Niche4.5/1016Career One Stop4.2/1017ScholarshipPortal3.6/10




Understanding our core metrics
Core Metric 1: Search Functionality (30%)
Search filters are the main thing that separate a scholarship search platform from a basic internet search. You could use any search engine to find scholarships, but it would be up to you to work through the thousands of results to find the opportunities for which you’re eligible. Search filters save you time by narrowing those results to only the scholarships most relevant to you.
We evaluated each site based on their inclusion of the most relevant, popular, and lucrative categories. The more search options available to you, the more likely you are to find a scholarship that matches your exact qualifications. Therefore, this is our most important metric.
Sub-metrics:
Searchable by:

Keyword
Location (home state + college state)
GPA
Test scores 
Major
Profession/Industry
Gender
Ethnicity
Religious affiliation
Organizational affiliation
Military affiliation
Disabilities
Sports
Extra-curricular activities
Special attributes

Grading some features was a simple matter of finding whether or not the platform included them at all. In those cases, we assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.” For the rest, we counted the total number of filters in each category and graded the platforms against each other. We ranked each platform from most filters to least, then assigned a score of 1-10.
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Search Functionality 








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#3


#4


#5


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#8


#9


#10


#11


#12


#13


#14


#15


#16


#17




Platform


Start Class


Unigo


Fastweb


Sallie Mae


Student Scholarship Search


Cappex


Scholarships.com


Chegg


Scholly


Big Future


Niche


CollegeData


Career One Stop


Peterson’s


GoodCall


Broke Scholar


ScholarshipPortal






Total Score


8.8/10


8.8/10


8.3/10


8.0/10


7.8/10


6.7/10


6.7/10


5.8/10


5.5/10


5.1/10


4.6/10


4.1/10


3.5/10


3.3/10


2.8/10


1.7/10


1.6/10




Search by Keyword


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Search by Location


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10




Filter by GPA


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Filter by Test Scores


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Filter by Gender


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


1/10




Number of filters: Race/Ethnicity


8.2/10


10/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


7.1/10


8.7/10


4.9/10


4.3/10


5.4/10


3.8/10


6.0/10


2.7/10


2.1/10


3.2/10


2.1/10


1.0/10




Number of filters: Major/Study Area


8.2/10


10/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


7.1/10


8.7/10


4.9/10


4.3/10


5.4/10


3.8/10


6.0/10


2.7/10


2.1/10


3.2/10


2.1/10


1.0/10




Number of filters: Profession/Industry


8.7/10


10/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


8.2/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Military Affiliation


10/10


5.4/10


8.2/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


1/10


5.4/10


6/10


7.1/10


7.6/10


1/10


1/10


5.4/10


6.5/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Religious Affiliation


6.5/10


8.7/10


7.1/10


8.2/10


8.2/10


5.4/10


6/10


10/10


3.2/10


4.3/10


10/10


4.3/10


2.7/10


4.9/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Organizational Affiliation


7.6/10


10/10


8.2/10


7.1/10


6.5/10


9.3/10


5.4/10


6/10


4.9/10


8.7/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Disabilities


10/10


7/10


8.7/10


7.1/10


7.6/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


5.4/10


6/10


4.9/10


1/10


1/10


3.8/10


4.3/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Sports


10/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


8.2/10


7.1/10


6.5/10


6.5/10


7.6/10


5.4/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Extracurricular Activities


10/10


8.7/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


5.4/10


6.5/10


8.2/10


6/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Number of filters: Special Attributes


10/10


8.7/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


7.1/10


5.4/10


6.5/10


1/10


6/10


4.9/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10








Core Metric 2: Scholarship Availability (25%)
Any student searching for scholarship funds wants to find the most opportunities possible. Under normal circumstances, scholarship availability would probably be our top metric. Unfortunately, it’s impossible to get an accurate count of the number of awards in any database, so we couldn’t weigh this metric as the heaviest. That said, we do recognize its importance to students, so we made it our second metric and developed a system to objectively grade it.
We started by creating 25 profiles representing the “average student” based on data from the U.S. Department of Education, the U.S. Census Bureau, and the College Board. We made five profiles for each major race category: Caucasian, African American, Hispanic, Asian, and Native American. The profiles in each race each sought one of the five current most popular degrees: Business Administration, Nursing, Psychology, Biology, and Teaching. Our prospective students had a GPA and test scores equal to the national average for all incoming college freshman.
We used each profile to search every platform. We graded each on the average number of scholarships returned during those 25 searches, as well as their average total value. We also graded each platform on its relevance to students at all stages in their college careers since tuition doesn’t end after freshman year. The highest-ranking sites include scholarships for incoming freshmen, current undergraduates, and graduate students alike.
Sub-metrics we used:

Average scholarship results
Average scholarship total value
Prospective undergraduate scholarships
Current undergraduate scholarships
Graduate scholarships

To score the average results and total value, we graded the platforms against each other. We ranked them from highest to lowest, then assigned a score of 1-10. For the remaining sub-metrics, we checked whether or not scholarships were searchable for all grade levels and assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.”
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Scholarship Availability 








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#3


#4


#4 (tie)


#6


#7


#8


#9


#10


#11


#12


#13


#13 (tie)


#15


#15 (tie)


#17




Platform


Cappex


Student Scholarship Search


Fastweb


Career One Stop


Scholarships.com


Unigo


Scholly


Chegg


Peterson’s


GoodCall


ScholarshipPortal


Sallie Mae


Niche


Start Class


Big Future


Broke Scholar


CollegeData






Total Score


9/10


9/10


8.9/10


8.6/10


8.6/10


8.5/10


8.4/10


8.2/10


8.1/10


7.7/10


7.5/10


7.2/10


6.8/10


6.8/10


6.4/10


6.4/10


5.4/10




Average Scholarship Results


8.7/10


7.6/10


6/10


8.2/10


3.8/10


4.9/10


6.5/10


7.1/10


3.2/10


4.3/10


6/10


2.7/10


1.6/10


2.1/10


10/10


1/10


9.3/10




Average Scholarship Total Value


6.5/10


8.2/10


8.7/10


4.9/10


9.3/10


7.6/10


5.4/10


3.8/10


7.1/10


4.3/10


1.6/10


3.2/10


2.7/10


2.1/10


10/10


1/10


6/10




Scholarships for Prospective Undergraduates


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10




Scholarships for Current Undergraduates


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10




Scholarships for Graduates


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10








Core Metric 3: Ease of Use (20%)
Ease of use is one of the most important aspects of any digital platform. If a site’s database is difficult to access or navigate, it doesn’t matter how extensive it is because students will have a hard time finding the scholarships they need. Therefore, this metric is our third most important. 
We graded each site based on whether it required registration before you could view any scholarships, had a searchable database rather than simple lists, and if it provided personalized results based on an academic profile. We also tried registering and searching on several mobile devices to determine if each platform was mobile-friendly (as is becoming necessary in an increasingly mobile society).
Sub-metrics we used:

Registration requirement
Searchable database
Personalized matches based on profile
Fees
Mobile-friendly
Privacy

When scoring, we favored sites that didn’t force registration, giving you the option to browse scholarships first so you can decide whether or not the site is worth your time. We assigned a score of 10 for “no” and 1 for “yes.” For privacy, we checked whether or not a site shared your personal information with outside companies or schools. If a site maintained your privacy, we assigned a score of 10. If not, we assigned a 1. If it only shared your information when you registered an optional profile, we assigned a score of 5. For the remaining sub-metrics, we assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.”
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Ease of Use








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#1 (tie)


#4


#4 (tie)


#6


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#6 (tie)


#11


#12


#12 (tie)


#12 (tie)


#12 (tie)


#16


#16 (tie)




Platform


Fastweb


Scholarships.com


Unigo


Cappex


Niche


Big Future


Broke Scholar


GoodCall


Start Class


Student Scholarship Search


Peterson’s


Career One Stop


CollegeData


Sallie Mae


ScholarshipPortal


Chegg


Scholly






Total Score


10/10


10/10


10/10


9.2/10


9.2/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


8.5/10


7.7/10


7.0/10


7.0/10


7.0/10


7.0/10


5.5/10


5.5/10




Registration Requirement


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10




Searchable Database


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Personalized Profile Matches


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10




Fees


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10




Mobile-friendly


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10




Privacy


10/10


10/10


10/10


5/10


5/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


5/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10








Core Metric 4: Tools (15%)
Search functionality, scholarship availability, and ease of use are the three most important things to look for in a scholarship search platform. The top sites hit most of the sub-metrics in each of those categories. Where those top performers start to differentiate themselves is in their inclusion of additional helpful tools. 
Our fourth core metric moves beyond a platform’s ability to produce search results and grades them on what you can do once you have them. We looked for the ability to hide unwanted results, save favorite opportunities, and track applications, among other features.
Sub-metrics we used:

Hide unwanted search results
Save scholarships to watch lists
Track applications
Receive alerts for upcoming due dates
New scholarship notifications

To score each sub-metric, we researched whether or not a platform had the feature and assigned a score of 10 for “yes” and 1 for “no.”
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Tools








Rank


#1


#1 (tie)


#1 (tie)


#4


#4 (tie)


#6


#6 (tie)


#8


#8 (tie)


#8 (tie)


#11


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)


#11 (tie)




Platform


Student Scholarship Search


Cappex


Fastweb


Career One Stop


Scholarships.com


Unigo


Scholly


Chegg


Peterson’s


GoodCall


ScholarshipPortal


Sallie Mae


Niche


Start Class


Big Future


Broke Scholar


CollegeData






Total Score


10/10


10/10


10/10


6.4/10


6.4/10


4.6/10


4.6/10


2.8/10


2.8/10


2.8/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


  1/10




Registration Requirement


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10




Hide Unwanted Results


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Save to Watch list


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Track Applications


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Deadline Reminders


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




New Match Notifications


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10








Core Metric 5: Additional Resources (10%)
A good scholarship search platform helps you ease the financial burden of college by helping you find funding opportunities. A great one can also help you ease the mental burden of searching and applying for them. With that in mind, we finished our review by grading each site based on their inclusion of additional resources that provide students with information and support. 
We looked for educational material, help and community forums, and planning tools such as college cost and loan repayment calculators. Sites that included them scored higher than those that didn’t.
Sub-metrics we used:

Educational material
Additional planning tools

To grade this metric, any platform with educational materials received a score of 10 and those without received a score of 1. Next, we counted the number of additional planning tools and graded the platforms against each other. We ranked them from highest to lowest and assigned a score of 1-10.
Highest scoring scholarship search platforms in Additional Resources








Rank


#1


#2


#3


#4


#5


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#5 (tie)


#14


#14 (tie)


#14 (tie)


#14 (tie)




Platform


Big Future


Sallie Mae


CollegeData


Fastweb


Broke Scholar


Cappex


Chegg


GoodCall


Peterson’s


Scholarships.com


Scholly


Student Scholarship Search


Unigo


Career One Stop


Niche


ScholarshipPortal


Start Class






Total Score


10/10


9.6/10


9.4/10


9.1/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


5.5/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Educational Materials


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


10/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10




Additional Planning Tools


10/10


9.3/10


8.7/10


8.2/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10


1/10








 



Table of Contents


1. Introduction
2. The best scholarship search platforms of 2017
3. What should you know about scholarships?
4. How do scholarship search platforms work?
5. What students should know before they search for a scholarship?
6. Methodology: How we reviewed the best scholarship search platforms
7. Guide to applying for scholarships
8. Groups with additional scholarship opportunities
9. Full methodology and metric walkthrough










×









 




HOME - BLOCSBlocs













































































484-704-2300
555 Croton Rd. Suite 310 King of Prussia, PA 19406







 
 






 


 

 
 
 
 


HOME - BLOCS













Apply Now for BLOCS Scholarships for the 2017-2018 school year! 












20,825 Applicants
Number of applicants for 2015 / 2016 school Year
Impact










$16,300,000
Total award dollars given for 2015 / 2016 school year
Impact










11,800 Students
Total students who received scholarships for 2015 / 2016
Impact










$56,000,000
Qualified Need of all applicants for 2015 / 2016
Impact


Donor News


Apply now for BLOCS Scholarships
Donates $600,000 in EITC scholarships to Catholic Schools across the region.
The DCED is currently backlogged due to last year’s budget impasse, however they are expecting to be caught up soon. We have been told that all renewing applications will be approved after Labor Day and that new applications will then be processed. If that timeline stands, we expect approvals to arrive some time around the […]



Donor News


See pictures from the announcement HERE Article From Philly.com Philadelphia Archbishop Charles J. Chaput said Thursday that the Faith in the Future Foundation’s management of archdiocesan high schools has been so successful that both sides have agreed to an early contract extension. The announcement, which the archdiocese called a highlight of Catholic Schools Week, was […]
The Archdiocesan Schools for Special Education, whose students Pope Francis expressed such love and care for during his historic visit to Philadelphia, offered special experience with the “Philly FIAT” before Auto Show opens to the public. Philadelphia, PA (January 29, 2016) – The Archdiocese of Philadelphia, the World Meeting of Families – Philadelphia 2015 and […]











Our Mission
BLOCS provides tuition assistance to any family who desires a Catholic education regardless of race, religion or ability to pay.
Details










Donate Now
Make a tax deductible donation to support Catholic education in the Philadelphia region.
Details










Student Stories
Listen to Philadelphia students, in their own words, tell of the hardships they have overcome to succeed in their education.
Details






 






























WaterGadget’s $1250 Scholarship for Students in Need






























































Best Water Gadget Reviews with Comprehensive Guide
WaterGadget’s $1250 Scholarship for Students in Need
January 30, 2017 By watergadget We the WaterGadget team is bringing you a scholarship contest for all the ambitious student readers out there. Here we will provide you with all the necessary details regarding this scholarship exam. We will begin with a short intro about us.WaterGadget is an online product review website, which strives to provide the best product reviews to the user. The products reviewed by us include Water Softeners, Water Heaters, Filter systems, and many others. You can read about us section for more details.​

Quick Navigation
About ScholarshipEligibility CriteriaHow to Apply for this Scholarship?Scholarship Deadline:Prize Distribution:

Scholarship for all Aspiring StudentsYes, we are conducting a Scholarship Exam for all the students out there. Are you an expert with a good slip of words? or Looking out for a platform to showcase your writing skills, and earn some bucks out of it? Then you are the right candidate who could apply for this scholarship.Find more details about our WaterGadget Scholarship in the following section.About ScholarshipScholarship Title: Watergadget ScholarshipScholarship Prize: $1250Total Scholarship: One scholarship will be awarded in the fall, One in the SpringThe task to be done: You need to write content on "Best Water Gadget." (Here the Gadget could be any of this = Softener, Heater, Filter) Here the word limit is 800-1000 words. So choose the topic suitable for you, and submit the content to us.It is suggested to choose a daily use product so that it helps you in providing the content ideas.If you are confused with the style of writing, then check out this sample article. This will give you some ideas required for writing.And make sure that you have to follow the idea of the provided link. Content submitted by you should be genuine. And unique content will brag this Scholarship Prize.Eligibility CriteriaWe have got some Eligibility Criteria for all the Scholarship applying students. And they are listed in the following manner:

The applicant should be a student residing/studying in US or Canada. So basically, only US or Canada students are allowed.Applicant should be a student, pursuing a graduation or post-graduation degree in any field. Also if you are a newly enrolled graduate student, then you are eligible for participation.Applicant should be 18 years or more in age. And a legal age-proof is required for the same.For all the new college enrolments, we will require a commanding letter as a proof here.

So these are some of the criteria which should be strictly met if you want to apply for our Scholarship Test.How to Apply for this Scholarship?We have already presented you the task that is to be done for getting the Scholarship.You need to write content on "Best Water Gadget," and here gadget could be any one of these: Softener, Filter, Heater. The content should be of 800-1000 words. Choose your favorite topic, and submit your article on this Application Link.



As soon as you click this link, you will get a form where your personal details have to be entered. The information listed on the form are:

First, enter your Name. You need to include your first and last name here.Then you need to give a valid Email ID. Give the one which is currently in use.Enter your Phone Number, and this info will not be shared with anyone.You will be asked to give your College or University name.The final tab is for Content Submission. Just copy paste the content in this tab.

This way you can apply for this Scholarship exam. If you are facing any issue with post entry, then contact us on : stephen@watergadget.comScholarship Deadline:So you are set to apply for this Scholarship! Below are the deadlines for Scholarship Content Submission:The Fall Semester Deadline - 31st July


16
Days


16
Hours


45
Minutes


51
Seconds



The Spring Semester Deadline - 30th November


138
Days


16
Hours


45
Minutes


51
Seconds



And the Winner will be declared on the following dates:







116


Submission Received


For the Fall Semester Applicants- 10th of August1For the Spring Semester Applicants- 10th of DecemberPrize Distribution:The winner name will be declared on our website, and the link for claiming the prize will be given. Click on this claimed link, and you will be directed to another page. On this page, you will be asked to enter a code no. which is sent to the respective email ID.If the code no. is the verified person's, then the processing will start here. Then by the set digital payment method by us, we will source you out. This way the prize will be paid to the winner!How we will decide Winners:All judgement will be based on various factors like grammar, creativity, presentation and thinking power.Note :- By submitting your Essay/Article you are giving WaterGadget a license to use your essay as we see fit.Some Terms and Conditions:We have the authority to announce two winners for the same amount. In such case, with mutual agreement, we will divide the amount between the two winners.And the second condition is that the applicant must write unique content for this scholarship. We must not find any duplicate content otherwise, your submission will be rejected at the very moment.Finally, you need to make sure that you fall in the Eligibility Criteria provided by us. If we find any point is not followed, we have the authority to reject the student entry.PrivacyWe will use all the student information for this Scholarship exam only. We take this responsibility to keep all the information private to us.Awaiting all your submissions!Good luck all!






 WaterGadget’s $1250 Scholarship for Students in Need4.4 (88%) 5 votes        



Comments




Milton says 
February 2, 2017 at 12:07 am 

Nice information helping how to get a scholarship.
thnx for the info.







Robert Smith says 
February 3, 2017 at 12:35 pm 

Great information here!







Bobby Myers says 
February 8, 2017 at 3:00 pm 

Thank you very much for writing this.
Really helpful



Our Office
WaterGadget Inc. 
Domain Blvd,
Austin, Texas-78758
United States.


 Recent Posts


Best Faucet Water Filter Reviews – Top Picks 2017


Best Water Flosser Review – Top 10 Picks of 2017


Best Water Heater Reviews of 2017 – Buying Guide


Best Infrared Space Heaters – Top Picks & Reviews



Popular Reviews by Water Gadget

Best Water Softener Reviews 2017 – Our Top 10 Picks!
Fleck Water Softener Reviews with Top Picks of 2017
--------------
Best Water Flosser Review – Top 10 Picks of 2017
Best Water Heater Reviews of 2017 & Buying Guide
--------------
Top 10 Best Water Filter System Reviews of 2017 | Based on Usage
Top 10 Best Water Dispenser Reviews of 2017
--------------
Top 7 Best Gas Pressure Washer Reviews of 2017
Best Water Distiller Reviews for 2017 for Home
--------------
Best Faucet Water Filter Reviews – Top Picks 2017
Water Softener Shower Head – Top Picks and Reviews 2017



Popular Products

Water Softener --
Water Flosser --
Water Heater --
Water Filter System --
Water Dispenser --
Gas Pressure Washer Reviews --
Water Distiller --
Faucet Water Filter --
Water Softener Shower Head



























Flower Stemmed Wine Glasses - Set of 6 | hand painted wine glasses | UncommonGoods




















































































 wish lists
registry
Our Blog: The Goods



Sign In




Email Address:

Password:





Forgot your password?







New Here?

create my account






Hi, 

my account
 wish lists
order lookup
sign out













































checkout






 Added to cart!



keep shopping


checkout



































































View Life Size Image





kitchen & bar

glassware

wine glasses



Flower Stemmed Wine Glasses - Set of 6
Enjoy the floral notes of your favorite wine with this vibrant set of hand painted glasses.


created by
JoAnn Rawley and Beth Keenan





$150.00










created by
JoAnn Rawley and Beth Keenan
read more about the maker










					Flower Stemmed Wine Glasses - Set of 6
					 
						
		      				
							
								
									$150.00
								
								
							
						
					
					







































add to wish list






Email
Share
Save









the story
the maker
details
shipping











Garden Variety
Bringing the lovely floral finish of your favorite wine to life, these glasses offer vibrant flair for your festivities. Each glass is beautifully hand painted a different color, creating a sophisticated garden on your tabletop. Starting with a painted stem and continuing into a charming petal at the base, each glass is finished with a matching rimmed detail. The painted detail looks different depending on how you hold the glass, while contrasting colors - blue, yellow, purple, pink, orange, and green - offer guests an elegant way to know which glass is theirs. Glasses made in the USA and hand painted in Ohio.





get the details







Made in Ohio
Exclusively for UncommonGoods













created by
JoAnn Rawley and Beth Keenan
location
Ohio



 
Funktini is the combination of two minds and two generations, a mother/daughter team consisting of JoAnn Rawley and Beth Keenan.  Jo and Beth have been creating artwork together as a family business since 2000. Our art reflects our love of everyday functional decor, interior spaces, vintage finds, and bright beautiful colors. In creating our work, we use an array of techniques & materials, such as glass fusing, metal sculpting, polymer clay, wood, anodized aluminum, and upcycled vintage. Our intentions with our artwork are simple: we want to give you a little piece of fun, love, and genuine happiness.
“We have a desire. A desire to create. Call it genetics, call it crazy, call it wonderful. Whatever it is, we’ve got it...and we wouldn’t have it any other way. Creativity runs deeply in our veins, but more importantly, so does our desire to bring a smile to another human being.”
Our Funktini glassware is hand painted with thermo-hardening professional glazes, then fired at a low temperature.









Handmade
Exclusive

Made in the USA



Made from


Glass


Measurements


8.75" H x 3" diameter; 12.5 oz. capacity


Care


Hand washing recommended


Item ID


41086


Still haven't found the details you're looking for? Check out our Product Q&A!

add to registry
  







 Most of our items are in stock and will ship quickly. Orders for in-stock items placed before 5pm ET Monday through Friday, excluding Federal holidays, will ship:


Economy shipping:


within 8 days, arriving no later than the 9th business day after the order was placed.


Standard shipping:


within 4 days, arriving 5 business days after the order was placed.


Preferred shipping:


within 2 days, arriving 3 business days after the order was placed.


Expedited shipping:


within 1 day, arriving 2 business days after the order was placed.


Express shipping:


will ship the same day and arrive 1 business day later.






















also by JoAnn Rawley and Beth Keenan 



 








				Soiree Wine Glasses - Set of 6
				


				$150.00
			







you might also like

kitchen & bar

glassware

wine glasses














					Goto Venetian Wine Glasses - Set of 6


					
							$330.00
					
					









					Web Stemless Wine Glass Set


					
							$85.00
					
					









					Confetti Wine Glasses - Set of 2


					
							$80.00
					
					









					Box of Flowers Soaps


					
							$28.00
					
					









					Flower Bouquet Kitchen Utensils - Set of 3


					
							$42.00
					
					









					Multi-Color Erosion Bowl


					
							$100.00
					
					











Reviews
Product Q&A





























Thanks for sharing!






To:



From:



Message:
Hi there! I wanted to share this cool thing I just found at UncommonGoods:







Flower Stemmed Wine Glasses - Set of 6 on uncommongoods.com 
Enjoy the floral notes of your favorite wine with this vibrant set of hand painted glasses. 





		















ok
cancel

























































Answer FALSE Difficulty Easy Skill Concept Objective 8 6 AACSB Dynamics of the












































Find Study Resources

 Main Menu
by School

by Subject

by Book

Literature Study Guides
Infographics



Get Instant Tutoring Help

 Main Menu
Ask a Tutor a Question


Use Flashcards

 Main Menu
View Flashcards

Create Flashcards


Earn by Contributing

 Main Menu
Earn Free Access

Upload Documents

Write Course Advice

Refer Your Friends

Earn Money

Upload Documents

Create Q&A Pairs

Become a Tutor

Scholarships














Find
                        Study Resources 





by School


by Subject


by Book



Literature Study Guides


Infographics










Get Instant
                        Tutoring Help 





Ask a Tutor a Question








Use
                        Flashcards 





View Flashcards


Create Flashcards








Earn by
                        Contributing 





                                                            Earn Free AccessLearn More >


Upload Documents


Write Course Advice


Refer Your Friends


                                                            Earn MoneyLearn More >


Upload Documents


Create Q&A Pairs


Become a Tutor


                                                            ScholarshipsLearn More >






Are you an educator?
Log in
Sign up 








Home


Ball State


IBUS


IBUS 311


chapter 8 (1)






                                                                                                Answer false difficulty easy skill concept objective
                                                                                    




SCHOOL


Ball State




COURSE TITLE


IBUS 311




TYPE
Test Prep




UPLOADED BY

121314super





PAGES
                30
            




Click to edit the document details







This preview shows
                                            pages
                                            5–8. Sign up
                                                to
                                                view the full content.

View Full Document 








Answer: 
FALSE 
Difficulty: 
Easy 
Skill: 
Concept 
Objective: 
8-6 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy 
28) Maquiladoras refer to export-assembly plants in northern Mexico along the U.S. border that 
produce components and typically finished products destined for the United States on a tariff-
free basis. 
Answer: 
TRUE 
Difficulty: 
Easy 
Skill: 
Concept 
Objective: 
8-6 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy 
5








This
                                                        preview
                                                        has intentionally blurred sections.
                                                        Sign up to view the full version.
View Full
                                                        Document



29) One approach for reducing exposure to trade barriers is to have exported products classified 
in the appropriate harmonized product code. 
Answer: 
TRUE 
Difficulty: 
Easy 
Skill: 
Concept 
Objective: 
8-6 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy 
30) Obtaining economic development incentives from host- or home-country governments 
increases the cost of trade and investment barriers. 
Answer: 
FALSE 
Difficulty: 
Easy 
Skill: 
Concept 
Objective: 
8-6 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy 
31) ________ is at odds with free trade, the unrestricted flow of products, services, and capital 
across national borders. 
A) Lower-cost import 
B) Government intervention 
C) FDI 
D) Factors of production 
Answer: 
B 
Difficulty: 
Easy 
Skill: 
Concept 
Objective: 
8-1 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy 
32) Which of the following situations is an example of country risk? 
A) Fiesta Corp. is an automobile manufacturer based in the U.S. The company's negotiation 
attempts with China to open a manufacturing factory in Beijing failed owing to cultural 
differences. 
B) Frostees Inc. is a food and beverages company based in the U.S. Its attempt to set up an outlet 
in Thailand failed primarily owing to a misinterpretation of the memorandum of understanding 
by a potential business partner in Thailand. 
C) Alpha Corp., a rice manufacturer based in Pakistan, suffered losses when the U.S. Department 
of Commerce decided to impose tariffs on the import of paddy rice to avoid competition for the 
domestic industry. 
D) Tamiaz LLC is a U.S. based manufacturer of clothing with outlets in China, Vietnam, and 
India. The company incurred a loss due to delayed payments from India owing to fluctuations in 
the currency exchange rates. 
Answer: 
C 
Difficulty: 
Moderate 
Skill: 
Application 
Objective: 
8-1 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy; Analytic skills 
6









33) The purpose of protectionism is to protect ________. 
A) domestic industries from foreign competitors 
B) foreign firms from domestic competition 
C) domestic exports from high production costs 
D) foreign and domestic firms from labor unions 
Answer: 
A 
Difficulty: 
Easy 
Skill: 
Concept 
Objective: 
8-1 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy 
34) ________ are checkpoints at the ports of entry in each country where government officials 
inspect imported products and levy tariffs. 
A) Nontariff trade barriers 
B) Customs 
C) Quotas 
D) Subsidies 
Answer: 
B 
Difficulty: 
Easy 
Skill: 
Concept 
Objective: 
8-1 
AACSB: 
Dynamics of the global economy 
35) A government policy that impedes trade through means other than explicit tariffs is known as 
a(n) ________.








This
                                                        preview
                                                        has intentionally blurred sections.
                                                        Sign up to view the full version.
View Full
                                                        Document





                                    This is the end of the preview. Sign up
                                    to
                                    access the rest of the document.
                                





TERM
                Fall '14


PROFESSOR






Click to edit the document details













Share this link with a friend:




Copied!










Report






 View Full
                                        Document
                                        





Most Popular Documents from Ball State






30 pages




            chapter 12 (1)
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 12 (1)
 








27 pages




            chapter 13 (1)
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 13 (1)
 








25 pages




            chapter 1 (4)
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    International Business: The New Realities, 3e (Cavusgil)
Chapter 1 Introduction: What
            


chapter 1 (4)
 








2 pages




            Market Research 052915
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Absolut (Pernod Ricard USA) 11.1 million cases sold
Jameson (Pernod Ricard USA) 4.7 m
            


Market Research 052915
 








26 pages




            chapter 9 (1)
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 9 (1)
 








26 pages




            chapter 11 (1)
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    64) All of the following are strategies for adapting product and marketing communicat
            


chapter 11 (1)
 




View
                                        more










Study on the go

Download
                                            the iOS app
Download
                                            the Android app





Other Related Materials





27 pages




            chapter 10 (1)
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 10 (1)
 






30 pages




            First returns obtainable in the foreign market should be superior to those
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 6 (1)
 






30 pages




            The downside is that US consumers and producers of certain types of products
        

                        Clayton
            



                                    TECH 4101
                                        -
                                        Fall 2017
                        

                    International Business:
Chapter 8 Government Intervention in International Business
1
            


chapter 8
 






31 pages




            Neither agents nor manufacturers representatives take title to the goods they
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 3 (1)
 






32 pages




            Answer FALSE Difficulty Easy Skill Concept Objective 4 3 AACSB Dynamics of the
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 4 (2)
 






27 pages




            A examining the facts B implementing a decision C evaluating alternatives D
        

                        Ball State
            



                                    IBUS 311
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        




chapter 5 (1)
 










Page5 / 30


Answer FALSE Difficulty Easy Skill Concept Objective 8 6...
This preview shows document pages 5 - 8. Sign up to view the full document.

 View Full Document 










Ask a homework question
 - tutors are online











 




























Ball State University (Ball State) - Course Hero












































Find Study Resources

 Main Menu
by School

by Subject

by Book

Literature Study Guides
Infographics



Get Instant Tutoring Help

 Main Menu
Ask a Tutor a Question


Use Flashcards

 Main Menu
View Flashcards

Create Flashcards


Earn by Contributing

 Main Menu
Earn Free Access

Upload Documents

Write Course Advice

Refer Your Friends

Earn Money

Upload Documents

Create Q&A Pairs

Become a Tutor

Scholarships














Find
                        Study Resources 





by School


by Subject


by Book



Literature Study Guides


Infographics










Get Instant
                        Tutoring Help 





Ask a Tutor a Question








Use
                        Flashcards 





View Flashcards


Create Flashcards








Earn by
                        Contributing 





                                                            Earn Free AccessLearn More >


Upload Documents


Write Course Advice


Refer Your Friends


                                                            Earn MoneyLearn More >


Upload Documents


Create Q&A Pairs


Become a Tutor


                                                            ScholarshipsLearn More >






Are you an educator?
Log in
Sign up 








Home


Schools


Ball State





Ball State
* We aren't endorsed by this school




Ball State University (Ball State) **
School Info 
Ball State University (Ball State) has 171 departments in Course Hero with 8,673 documents, 43 answered questions,  and 10 flashcard sets.




Muncie, Indiana


http://cms.bsu.edu/


Application





Enrolled Students:
 20,655


Enrolled Undergraduates:
 16,415


Acceptance Rate:
61%


Source
								National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015. Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented.




* We aren't endorsed by this school




 


Popular Departments


GENERAL

966 Documents 


SPCE

755 Documents 10 Q&As 9 Advice 


ECON

377 Documents 9 Q&As 17 Advice 


ACC

356 Documents 5 Q&As 13 Advice 


ISOM

320 Documents 5 Advice 


FIN

313 Documents 1 Q&A 11 Advice 







Find your department








All Departments (171)
'{[deptFilter.toUpperCase()]}' Departments ({[filteredDepartments.length]})


All
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9








ACC

356 Documents 5 Q&As 13 Advice 


ACCOUNTING

92 Documents 3 Q&As 2 Advice 


ACCT

9 Documents 


ADS

3 Advice 


AFA

1 Advice 


AHS

5 Documents 2 Advice 


AKPSI

1 Document 


ANAT

31 Documents 10 Advice 


ANTH

9 Documents 7 Advice 


ARCH

2 Advice 


ART

5 Documents 10 Advice 


ASTRO

39 Documents 3 Advice 


AT

15 Documents 


BED

9 Documents 


BIO

287 Documents 1 Q&A 23 Advice 


BIOLN-

1 Document 


BIOLOGY

83 Documents 1 Flashcard 3 Advice 


BL

89 Documents 2 Advice 


BSNS

7 Documents 


BUL

1 Document 


BUS

37 Documents 


BUSAD

23 Documents 


BUSINESS

71 Documents 1 Q&A 4 Advice 


BUSINESS L

49 Documents 2 Advice 


CC

100 Documents 4 Advice 


CCIM

2 Documents 


CH

15 Documents 1 Advice 


CHEM

262 Documents 15 Advice 


CHEMISTRY

8 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Advice 


CIS 

15 Documents 


CJC

187 Documents 15 Advice 


COMM

204 Documents 5 Q&As 18 Advice 


COMMUNICAT

2 Documents 1 Advice 


COMPUTER S

7 Documents 1 Advice 


CPSY

1 Advice 


CRIMINAL J

11 Documents 2 Advice 


CS

67 Documents 7 Advice 


CTS

10 Documents 


CUL

8 Documents 


DANCE

21 Documents 6 Advice 


DCA

34 Documents 1 Advice 


DEC

50 Documents 1 Advice 


ECON

377 Documents 9 Q&As 17 Advice 


ECONOMY

1 Document 


EDAD

2 Advice 


EDEL

18 Documents 17 Advice 


EDHI

1 Document 


EDMU

4 Documents 1 Advice 


EDPS

29 Documents 4 Advice 


EDPSY

76 Documents 2 Advice 


EDRDG

1 Advice 


EDSEC

2 Documents 


EDUC

2 Documents 


ELEMENTARY

5 Documents 


EMHS

49 Documents 


ENG

124 Documents 41 Advice 


ENGLISH

98 Documents 7 Advice 


ENGR

1 Document 


EVERYTHING

9 Documents 


EXSC

15 Documents 2 Q&As 4 Advice 


FASHION

2 Advice 


FCFA

7 Documents 


FCFC

3 Documents 2 Advice 


FCFN

76 Documents 3 Advice 


FCS

18 Documents 6 Advice 


FCSFN

7 Documents 


FIN

313 Documents 1 Q&A 1 Flashcard 11 Advice 


FL

1 Advice 


FN

2 Documents 


FR

3 Documents 1 Advice 


GENERAL

966 Documents 


GEOG

30 Documents 6 Advice 


GEOGRAPHY

17 Documents 


GEOL

1 Document 


HEALTH

6 Documents 


HEALTH EDU

1 Document 


HIM

4 Documents 


HIST

156 Documents 30 Advice 


HISTORY

90 Documents 13 Advice 


HONRS

26 Documents 5 Advice 


HSC

125 Documents 5 Advice 


HUMANITIES

49 Documents 1 Advice 


IBUS

14 Documents 


IET

32 Documents 


INFORMATIO

1 Advice 


INTB

4 Documents 


INTERNATIO

6 Documents 


ISOM

320 Documents 5 Advice 


ITEDU

1 Advice 


JAPAN

3 Advice 


JOUR

10 Documents 


JOURN

29 Documents 7 Advice 


JOURNALISM

2 Documents 


KINESIOLOG

15 Documents 


LA

5 Documents 3 Advice 


LAT

3 Documents 


MARKETING

64 Documents 5 Q&As 2 Advice 


MATH

239 Documents 2 Q&As 26 Advice 


MATHS

144 Documents 4 Advice 


MBA

70 Documents 3 Q&As 


MGMT

1 Document 


MGT

114 Documents 1 Advice 


MILLER COL

175 Documents 


MKG

267 Documents 1 Q&A 3 Advice 


MKTG

22 Documents 


MMP

1 Document 


MSL 

1 Document 


MUHI

70 Documents 4 Advice 


MUHIS

78 Documents 4 Advice 


MUSC

91 Documents 


MUSE

5 Documents 


MUSED

27 Documents 1 Advice 


MUSIC

15 Documents 


MUSTH

1 Document 4 Advice 


NEWS

51 Documents 2 Advice 


NREM

15 Documents 2 Advice 


NUR

29 Documents 1 Advice 


NURSING

23 Documents 1 Advice 


OCT

11 Documents 


OPERATIONS

5 Documents 


PEP

21 Documents 1 Advice 


PFW 

59 Documents 2 Advice 


PHIL

39 Documents 3 Advice 


PHYC

49 Documents 1 Advice 


PHYS

35 Documents 4 Advice 


PHYSICS

13 Documents 1 Q&A 


PLAN

3 Advice 


POLISCI

7 Documents 1 Advice 


POLS

21 Documents 1 Advice 


POLSCI

1 Document 


PRODUCTION

4 Documents 


PSYC

1 Q&A 1 Advice 


PSYCH

23 Documents 2 Advice 


PSYCHOLOGY

2 Documents 1 Advice 


PSYS

57 Documents 16 Advice 


PSYSC

48 Documents 16 Advice 


RELIGIOUS 

1 Document 


RELS

41 Documents 1 Advice 


RELST

28 Documents 1 Advice 


RMI

19 Documents 1 Advice 


SCIN

13 Documents 


SCM

1 Advice 


SECURITY F

11 Documents 


SM

14 Documents 


SNLNG

6 Documents 


SOC

114 Documents 13 Advice 


SOCIAL WOR

44 Documents 4 Advice 


SOCIOLOGY

3 Advice 


SOCW

5 Documents 1 Advice 


SP

10 Documents 


SPAA

18 Documents 2 Advice 


SPAN

41 Documents 4 Flashcards 7 Advice 


SPCD

1 Advice 


SPCE

755 Documents 10 Q&As 2 Flashcards 9 Advice 


SPECIAL ED

52 Documents 


SPED

74 Documents 2 Flashcards 1 Advice 


SPEECH LAN

1 Document 


SPORT ADMI

16 Documents 2 Advice 


SPTA

8 Documents 


SS

7 Documents 


TCMP

2 Documents 


TCOM

13 Documents 8 Advice 


TCST

4 Documents 1 Advice 


TGRA

13 Documents 1 Advice 


THEAT

42 Documents 16 Advice 


TRILLIO AP

1 Document 


UNKNOWN

1 Document 


WEB

2 Documents 


WGS

25 Documents 1 Advice 


WPP

4 Documents 


WRITING

16 Documents 





							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						

							{[ dept.deptAcro ]}
						


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog


{[ dept.numDocs | number:0 ]} Document{[dept.numDocs>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numQa | number:0 ]} Q&A{[dept.numQa>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numFlashcardSets | number:0 ]} Flashcard{[dept.numFlashcardSets>1?'s':'']}
{[ dept.numCourseAdvice | number:0 ]} Advice



{[ filteredDepartmentsMessage ]}





Ball State School Information



School Facts 
Admissions 
Academics 
Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 
Students 






School Facts 



Operating Status: Currently operating Campus: Main campus (and distance learning)
Institution Type: 1 

Degree Type:
Distance Education: On-campus and Online





Admissions 





61%



34%






Admission Selectivity and Test Scores



SAT

65%


Average SAT Score Range

1,430-1,730
1,580 
Average Score










ACT

34%


Average ACT Score

19-24
21
Average Score







At Ball State University, 65% of students submitted the SAT score, but Ball State University accepts both SAT and ACT.
Admission Requirement





AP Credits 

Yes 







Academics 

Graduation Rate




32%





57%





59%



Degree Details
Available Fields of Study and Degrees

> Accounting
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Actuarial Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Administrative Assistant and Secretarial Science, General
                            


> Adult and Continuing Education Administration
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Adult and Continuing Education and Teaching
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Adult Health Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> Allied Health Diagnostic, Intervention, and Treatment Professions, Other
                            


> Animal Physiology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Anthropology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Archeology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Architectural and Building Sciences/Technology
                            


> Architecture
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Architecture and Related Services, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Art/Art Studies, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Audiology/Audiologist and Speech-Language Pathology/Pathologist
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Biological and Physical Sciences
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Biology Technician/Biotechnology Laboratory Technician
                            


> Biology/Biological Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Business Administration and Management, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Business Teacher Education
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Business, Management, Marketing, and Related Support Services, Other
                            


> Business/Commerce, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Business/Managerial Economics
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Chemistry, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> City/Urban, Community and Regional Planning
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Classics and Classical Languages, Literatures, and Linguistics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Clinical Laboratory Science/Medical Technology/Technologist
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Clinical Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> College Student Counseling and Personnel Services
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Communication, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Communications Technologies/Technicians and Support Services, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Computer and Information Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Counseling Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Criminal Justice/Safety Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Curriculum and Instruction
                            
                            Master's Program, PHD Program                            

> Dance, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Dietetics/Dietitian
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Drama and Dramatics/Theatre Arts, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Economics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Education, General
                            


> Education/Teaching of Individuals with Autism
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Education/Teaching of Individuals with Multiple Disabilities
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Education/Teaching of the Gifted and Talented
                            


> Educational Assessment, Evaluation, and Research, Other
                            


> Educational Leadership and Administration, General
                            
                            Master's Program, Post Master's Program                            

> Educational Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Educational, Instructional, and Curriculum Supervision
                            


> Elementary Education and Teaching
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Engineering Technologies and Engineering-Related Fields, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Engineering, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> English Language and Literature, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Entrepreneurship/Entrepreneurial Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Environmental Design/Architecture
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Family and Consumer Sciences/Human Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Family Practice Nurse/Nursing
                            
                            Post Master's Program                            

> Finance, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Fine Arts and Art Studies, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Foods, Nutrition, and Related Services, Other
                            


> French Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Geography
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Geology/Earth Science, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> German Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Gerontology
                            


> Health and Medical Administrative Services, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Health Professions and Related Clinical Sciences, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Health Teacher Education
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Historic Preservation and Conservation
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> History, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Human Development, Family Studies, and Related Services, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Human Resources Management/Personnel Administration, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Industrial Technology/Technician
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Japanese Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Journalism
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Junior High/Intermediate/Middle School Education and Teaching
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Kindergarten/Preschool Education and Teaching
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Landscape Architecture
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Legal Assistant/Paralegal
                            


> Legal Professions and Studies, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Liberal Arts and Sciences, General Studies and Humanities, Other
                            


> Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Library and Information Science
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Linguistics
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Management Information Systems, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Marketing/Marketing Management, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Mathematics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Medical Radiologic Technology/Science - Radiation Therapist
                            


> Music Pedagogy
                            


> Music, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Music, Other
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Natural Resources/Conservation, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Nuclear Medical Technology/Technologist
                            


> Operations Management and Supervision
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Philosophy
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Physical Education Teaching and Coaching
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Physics, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Political Science and Government, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Pre-Dentistry Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Pre-Law Studies
                            


> Pre-Medicine/Pre-Medical Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Pre-Physical Therapy Studies
                            


> Psychology, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Public Administration
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Public Administration and Social Service Professions, Other
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Public Relations/Image Management
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Purchasing, Procurement/Acquisitions and Contracts Management
                            


> Radio and Television
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Reading Teacher Education
                            


> Registered Nursing/Registered Nurse
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Religion/Religious Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Respiratory Care Therapy/Therapist
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Rhetoric and Composition
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Robotics Technology/Technician
                            


> School Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Science Teacher Education/General Science Teacher Education
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Secondary Education and Teaching
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Selling Skills and Sales Operations
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Social Psychology
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Social Sciences, General
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Social Work
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Sociology
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Spanish Language and Literature
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            

> Special Education and Teaching, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Special Education and Teaching, Other
                            


> Speech-Language Pathology/Pathologist
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Statistics, General
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Teaching English as a Second or Foreign Language/ESL Language Instructor
                            
                            Master's Program                            

> Technology Teacher Education/Industrial Arts Teacher Education
                            
                            Bachelor's Program, Master's Program                            

> Telecommunications Management
                            


> Women's Studies
                            
                            Bachelor's Program                            















Tuition, Cost and Financial Aid 



Undergraduate Tuition


In-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$8,682.00


Out-of-State Tuition (2014-2015)
$23,948.00




Undergraduate Costs of Attendance


On—Campus


Total In-State Cost
$17,808.00


Total Out-of-State Cost
$33,074.00





Financial Aid — Freshmen Students
                                                                




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
3,318 89% $74,247.00 $5,500.00 

Grant Aid
2,497 67% $25,962,320.00 $7,122.00 

Student Loan
- 67% $368,975.00 $4,656.00 



Financial Aid — Undergraduate Students
                                                                    




Type of Aid
No. Receiving Aid % Receiving Aid Total Aid Received Average Aid Received 

Any Student Financial Aid
10,703 63% $97,362,955.00 $9,097.00 

Pell Grant Aid
5,745 34% $25,699,925.00 $4,473.00 

Student Loan
10,000 59% $73,887,793.00 $7,389.00 



Net Price




Year
Income < 30K
Income 30K — 48K
Income 48K — 75K
Income 75K — 110K
Income > 110K


2014-2015 $9,260.00 $11,540.00 $15,468.00 $19,357.00 $20,284.00 

2013-2014 $9,178.00 $12,197.00 $16,631.00 $18,822.00 $19,971.00 

2012-2013 $9,038.00 $11,235.00 $15,723.00 $18,776.00 $19,417.00 






Students 




Student-Faculty Ratio
15 : 1


















:



Endowment per FTE Enrollment

$9,804
per student






Demographics








Source: National Center for Education Statistics (NCES), Institute of Education Sciences, 2014 - 2015
Course Hero, Inc. does not independently verify the accuracy of the information presented above.




Ball State Documents (8,673)
Master your classes with homework help, exam study guides, past papers, and more for Ball State.

 All 
 Assessments 
 Assignments 
 Essays 
 Homework Help 
 Lab Reports 
 Lecture Slides 
 Lesson Plans 
 Notes 
 Reading Lists 
 Rubrics 
 Syllabi 
 Test Prep 


 
Most Recent Documents for Ball State
View all 






9 pages





                   MKG420 Media Efficiency Exercises.pdf
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Integrated Marketing Communications
            

                                    MKG 420
                                        -
                                        Summer 2015
                        

                    Media Metrics
GRPs and TRPs
As shown in the previous worksheet, ratings are a basic measurement in media. As iong
as the geographic or target audience base is held constant, ratings across multiple
programs or multiple media can be accumulated into some a
            

Register Now



MKG420 Media Efficiency Exercises.pdf







8 pages





                   Autism Research Paper PBS.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    INTERVENTIONS AND TREATMENTS FOR PERSONS WITH AUTISM
            

                                    SPCE 682
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Positive Behavior Supports
Camille Paulino
SPCE 682
Ball State University
Positive Behavior Supports
Positive behavior support is an intervention that can effectively be used in the
treatment of children diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). Comm
            

Register Now



Autism Research Paper PBS.docx







4 pages





                   Early Intervention Assignment.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    INTERVENTIONS AND TREATMENTS FOR PERSONS WITH AUTISM
            

                                    SPCE 682
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Camille Paulino
SPCE 682
Early Intervention Assignment
Guam, U.S.A.
1. Childs parents are encouraged to make a self-referral for evaluation and
developmental screening. A service coordinator will schedule an initial
developmental screening to determine if
            

Register Now



Early Intervention Assignment.docx







4 pages





                   Transition Resources Assignment.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    INTERVENTIONS AND TREATMENTS FOR PERSONS WITH AUTISM
            

                                    SPCE 682
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Camille Paulino
SPCE 682
Transition Resources Assignment
Guam, U.S.A.
1. Childs parents are encouraged to seek vocational support through the local
Department of Vocational Rehabilitation. The agency requires a separate
application and submission of recor
            

Register Now



Transition Resources Assignment.docx







2 pages





                   Diversity Paper References.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    INTERVENTIONS AND TREATMENTS FOR PERSONS WITH AUTISM
            

                                    SPCE 682
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Diversity Paper References
Camille Paulino
SPCE 682
June 10, 2017
Paper Topic: The effective use of typical developing siblings in the teaching of interventions
for children with Autism Spectrum Disorder
Reference:
Knott, F., Lewis, C. & Williams, T. J Si
            

Register Now



Diversity Paper References.docx







10 pages





                   Annotated Bibliography - Sharon Smith.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Smith1
Purpose Statement
The audience of my annotated bibliography will be my classmate and my instructor of
my English 111 course, Professor Boese, and I am writing it for an Ivy Tech online course. There
will be varied levels of knowledge regarding my c
            

Register Now



Annotated Bibliography - Sharon Smith.docx







10 pages





                   peer edit.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Purpose Statement
The audience of my annotated bibliography will be my classmate and my instructor of
my English 111 course, Professor Boese, and I am writing it for an Ivy Tech online course. There
will be varied levels of knowledge regarding my chosen t
            

Register Now



peer edit.docx







4 pages





                   final draft.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Dear Mrs. Lucinda Boese,
In response to the question What feedback did you receive from your
peers? How did you use this feedback to revise your draft? The feedback I
received from my peers helped me out a lot, and gave me a whole new
outlook on my essay.
            

Register Now



final draft.docx







1 pages





                   Tori Halaschak wiki 4.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Tori Halaschak
Collaborative Wiki 4
Collaborative discussion of how the pieces are similar in the musical elements
Melody I think that the character of the melodies were all related in their own smooth unique way.
Rhythm The rhythm of the pieces was very 
            

Register Now



Tori Halaschak wiki 4.docx







1 pages





                   journal entry 2.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Tori Halaschak
6/19/2017
Journal Entry 2
When I think of National Public Radio (NPR) what comes to mind first is music and news.
NPR produces and distributes news and cultural programming. Individual public radio stations
are not required to broadcast all
            

Register Now



journal entry 2.docx







13 pages





                   peeredit callie.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    CallieDAndrea
ENG111
ProfessorBoese
July4,2017
MyPurposeStatement
ThisbibliographyisgoingtobereadbymyfellowclassmatesandProfessor
LucindaBoeseinEnglish111.ImwritingthispapertofulfilltherequirementsofthisIvyTech
class.Ihavetriedtocreateaveryusefullistofinf
            

Register Now



peeredit callie.docx







5 pages





                   first draft v.halaschak.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    [Type here]
[Type here]
Halaschak 1
Purpose Statement
My audience for this essay includes my curious academic audience of peers, and any
person who has ever been affected by racism. The time and place it takes place is anywhere at
any time. My purpose of 
            

Register Now



first draft v.halaschak.docx







5 pages





                   first draft racism essay.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Halaschak 1
Tori Halaschak
English 111
Professor Boese
20 July 2017
Purpose Statement
I am writing this essay to prove to people that racism is wrong. It needs to come to an
end, because it is destroying a large percent of people in todays society. Not on
            

Register Now



first draft racism essay.docx







2 pages





                   journal entry-tori halaschak.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    SCHUMANN: Dichterliebe, Op. 48 - Die alten bosen Lieder
Subject/Topic
o How is the subject/topic reflected in the music?
The subject is reflected in the music by it clearly telling a story, based
off the lyrics.
o
What sets the mood of each movement?
The 
            

Register Now



journal entry-tori halaschak.docx







2 pages





                   indian education.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Composition
            

                                    ENGLISH 103
                                        -
                                        Fall 2015
                        

                    Tori Halaschak
6/15/2017
M03 Writing Project 1
Summary and Response First Draf
SHERMAN ALEXIE
INDIAN EDUCATION
I believe the intended audience of this core reading are the American people who never
really understood how Indian-Americans were assimilated i
            

Register Now



indian education.docx







1 pages





                   Wedding Sign.pdf
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Persons with Autism Spectrum Disorders
            

                                    SPED 680
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    FRIENDS
and FAMILY
KINDLY CHOOSE A
NOT A
KNOT is TIED
WE'RE ALL FAMILY ONCE THE
Thank you for celebrating with us
on our special day!

            

Register Now



Wedding Sign.pdf







2 pages





                   Case 20.docx
                


                        Ball State
            



                                    FIN 300
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Case 20 We Are Not All Alike!
Analysis: After the calculations, it has appeared that the defense products division is the
riskiest of the three. The sales are about 10% riskier than the consolidated sales of the firm. This
is determined by taking the coef
            

Register Now



Case 20.docx







4 pages





                   Peterson,M_Ethicalscenarios.pdf
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Professional Issues in Applied Behavior Analysis
            

                                    SPCE 619
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Instructions: Below are several scenarios of real ethical dilemmas. Please read the scenarios
assigned. Identify the code number and principle violated. Then, in your own words, describe the
best possible solution to the dilemma and how you would handle t
            

Register Now



Peterson,M_Ethicalscenarios.pdf







2 pages





                   Peterson,M_MockInterview.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Applied Behavior Analysis
            

                                    SPED 609
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Mock Interview Assignment
Scenario: Abby is a 3-year-old girl with autism. She is verbal and engages in
tantruming behavior when asked to come to the dinner table.
Interviewer: Morgan Peterson, BCBA
Interviewee: Faith Hamilton (Abbys Mother)
Client: Abby 
            

Register Now



Peterson,M_MockInterview.docx







2 pages





                   Peterson,M_DTC.pdf
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Applied Behavior Analysis
            

                                    SPED 609
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    DATA	TRIANGULATION	CHART	
	
STUDENT:	 	
	
Denny	
	
	
	
SOURCE	ONE	
	
	
ABC	Data	
	
	
	
	
	
Teacher	placed	academic	demand.	
Student	engaged	in	hitting	teacher	on	
the	arm,	verbally	refusing	task,	
throwing	papers	to	the	floor.	
	
	
SOURCE	TWO	
Scatterplot
            

Register Now



Peterson,M_DTC.pdf







1 pages





                   Peterson,M_CBP .pdf
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Applied Behavior Analysis
            

                                    SPED 609
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    STUDENT:	
Denny	
Setting	Events	
Accommodations	
	
	
	
	
Triggering	Antecedent	
Accommodations	
*	Teacher	places	academic	
or	vocational	demands	
*	Completes	task	without	
engaging	in	problem	behaviors	
	
DATE:	7/6/2017	
Maintaining	Consequence(s)	
Receiv
            

Register Now



Peterson,M_CBP .pdf







1 pages





                   Peterson,M_PBP.pdf
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Applied Behavior Analysis
            

                                    SPED 609
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Problem Behavior Pathway
Student: Denny
Date: 7/6/2017
Grade: 12
Time: _8-2_
Setting: Self-contained Autism classroom
Setting Events
Triggering
Antecedents
Other	
students	
engaging	in	
similar	
behaviors	
	
More	likely	to	
happen	when	
ill,	tired,	
and/o
            

Register Now



Peterson,M_PBP.pdf







3 pages





                   writing assignment 4.docx
                


                        Ball State
            



                                    CJC 350
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Cory Collins
CJC 350
Writing Assignment 4
Question #1 (a)- No, a confession alone is not enough to be able to give out a conviction,
mainly because confessions come out all too often for the wrong reasons. There must be some
sort of other evidence backing
            

Register Now



writing assignment 4.docx







9 pages





                   100 deffinitions.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Persons with Autism Spectrum Disorders
            

                                    SPED 680
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Autism
-Neurodevelopmental condition, usually present at birth, with deficits in socialization and language.
Aetiology
-The underlying cause or causes of a disease or condition.
Apraxia
-A neurological disorder where the person is unable to perform tasks 
            

Register Now



100 deffinitions.docx







5 pages





                   BornemanK-8.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Intro to ABA
            

                                    SPECIAL ED 609
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Directions: The following assignment will be completed in two parts. In part A,
please identify the potential function from the filled in data sheet below. Once you
have determined the potential function, provide an explanation (using the data
presented) 
            

Register Now



BornemanK-8.docx







5 pages





                   Video assignment.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Persons with Autism Spectrum Disorders
            

                                    SPED 680
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    Katelyn Borneman
Video Assignment
5/22/2017
There are many ways to identify autism in an individual. Individuals with an autism
spectrum disorder develop behaviors that are atypical to typically developing children. In the six
videos required for this ass
            

Register Now



Video assignment.docx







2 pages





                   BornemanK-9.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Intro to ABA
            

                                    SPECIAL ED 609
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Katelyn Borneman
Assignment #9
7/20/2017
Carr and Durand explain guidelines to finding replacement behaviors. The importance of this is
easily seen. When a problem behavior occurs, we know we need to replace it with a more acceptable
behavior. The questio
            

Register Now



BornemanK-9.docx







3 pages





                   CHAPTER 9 QUIZ AND ANSWERS.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Introduction to Persons with Autism Spectrum Disorders
            

                                    SPED 680
                                        -
                                        Fall 2014
                        

                    CHAPTER 9 QUIZ AND ANSWERS
Question 1
The most widely accepted mean prevalence rate of ASD as determined by the welldesigned CDC study that examined eight-year-olds over 14 sites is:
Correct
Answer:
Response
Feedback:
1 in
150
Good
work
Question 2
Which o
            

Register Now



CHAPTER 9 QUIZ AND ANSWERS.docx







2 pages





                   KatelynB-12b.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Intro to ABA
            

                                    SPECIAL ED 609
                                        -
                                        Summer 2017
                        

                    Intervention Recommendations Assignment
Katelyn Borneman
Hypothesis: When Oliver does not have access to a tangible item or activity, screaming occurs to access those
tangibles or activities.
Intervention Recommendation:
-To avoid the behavior happening, 
            

Register Now



KatelynB-12b.docx







1 pages





                   900-953-292 Alharbi 31-3.docx
                


                        Ball State
            

                    Brief Calculus
            

                                    MATH 132
                                        -
                                        Spring 2014
                        

                    Personal selling is important
- Requires strategy decisions
- Helping good selling
- Salespeople represent whole company
- Sales force provides market information
Basic sales tasks
- Order getting
- Order taking
- Supporting
Order getting develop new busi
            

Register Now



900-953-292 Alharbi 31-3.docx








Ball State Questions & Answers



Showing 1 to 8 of 43
View all 












(5 points) A customer has requested that Lamba Corporation fill a special order for 3,000 units of product Q41 for $25.00 a unit. While the product would be
















Chow Corporation manufactures children's chairs made of PVS plastic tubing and heavy canvas material. Each chair requires eight feet of the PVC tubing and
















Bohlen Corporation produces and sells a single product. Data concerning that product appear below: Fixed expenses are $716,000 per month. The company is
















Behavioral research differs from behavioral treatment because with behavioral research, researchers must follow strict protocols that require them to train
















In the case of Sunland Miami, the tendency of the residential staff to increasingly utilize more extreme forms of any given procedures, demonstrate concerns
















True or False: Single subject design research is not considered experimental because of its' lack of a control group?
















The first step in analyzing data in any qualitative study is ___________ the data a. interpreting b. coding c. managing d. classifying
















Which of the following is the best example of an action research study for Ron, a third grade teacher, to pursue? a. The decrease in the school's scores on the











Ball State Flashcards

 
Showing 1 to 8 of 10
View all 






                            100 terms
                    
Term:

                            Autism
                    
Definition:

                            Neurodevelopmental condition, usually present at birth, with deficits in socialization and language.
                    






SPED680

                                    100 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for SPED680. Find, create, and access Neurological disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorders,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            SPED680
                    







                            199 terms
                    
Term:

                            Adherence
                    
Definition:

                            enhanced ability of a microorganism to attach to a cell or surface
                    






Microbiology

                                    199 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Microbiology. Find, create, and access Microbiology, cells, MHC II,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Microbiology
                    







                            192 terms
                    
Term:

                            el aparato sistema reproductor
                    
Definition:

                            reproductive system
                    






Ch 12 Vocab

                                    192 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Ch 12 Vocab. Find, create, and access Spanish, vocabulary, El cerebro, El codo, Dental caries, Adhesive bandage flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Ch 12 Vocab
                    







                            160 terms
                    
Term:

                            el agujero
                    
Definition:

                            hole
                    






Ch 15

                                    160 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Ch 15. Find, create, and access Spanish, Calentamiento global, Agua potable, Ozono, Contraseña, Capa de ozono flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Ch 15
                    







                            138 terms
                    
Term:

                            AB design
                    
Definition:

                            A format for graphing single-subject data that allows for monitoring behavior change. The AB design has two phases:  baseline (A) and treatment (B). This design cannot demonstrate a functional relation between dependent and independent variables because it does not include a replication of the effect of the independent variable. Single-subject experimental designs, which allow for a determination of functional relations, are extensions of this foundational design.
                    






609

                                    138 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for 609. Find, create, and access SPED, Abscissa, Overcorrection, functional equivalency,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            609
                    







                            100 terms
                    
Term:

                            Autism
                    
Definition:

                            Neurodevelopmental condition, usually present at birth, with deficits in socialization and language.
                    






SPED680_9

                                    100 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for SPED680_9. Find, create, and access Neurological disorder, Autism Spectrum Disorders,  flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            SPED680_9
                    







                            117 terms
                    
Term:

                            el ahijado/la ahijada
                    
Definition:

                            godson/goddaughter
                    






Ch 13 Vocab

                                    117 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Ch 13 Vocab. Find, create, and access Spanish, el compromiso, El padrino, el prometido/la prometida flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Ch 13 Vocab
                    







                            50 terms
                    
Term:

                            la cadera
                    
Definition:

                            hip
                    






Ch 12 Trouble Words

                                    50 terms
                            

                    Vocabulary for Ch 12 Trouble Words. Find, create, and access Spanish, Dental caries, la barra, el seguro médico, la ceja, la costilla flashcards with Course Hero.
                



                            Ch 12 Trouble Words
                    








Ball State Courses with Advice


Showing 1 to {[ numOfCoursesWithAdviceToShow ]} of {[ totalNumCoursesWithAdvice ]}
View all 

Sort by:


{[$select.selected.label]}











								{[ courseWithAdvice.deptAcro + " " + courseWithAdvice.courseNum ]}
								{[ courseWithAdvice.courseName ]}
							


Course Hero has verified this tag with the official school catalog




(from {[ courseWithAdvice.numCourseAdvice ]} students)





Be the first to share words of wisdom!
You'll get $10 in tutor credits for sharing advice on 3 courses.
Give Advice





Ball State Top Courses




											GENERAL 101 - General										
 (966 Documents)





											COMM 210 - Fundamentals Of Public Communication										
 (137 Documents)





											SPCE 680 - Introduction to Autism Sepctrum Disorders										
 (136 Documents)





											SPCE 609 - Introduction to Applied Behavior Analysis										
 (132 Documents)





											FIN 210 - Princaple of Finance										
 (130 Documents)





											SPCE 611 - Advanced Applied Behavior Analysis										
 (128 Documents)





											SPCE 689 - Verbal Behavior										
 (127 Documents)





											HIST 150 - Civilization of Western World										
 (118 Documents)





											ISOM 125 - Introduction to Microcomputer Applications										
 (108 Documents)





											CJC 101 - Introduction to Criminal Justice										
 (99 Documents)







Browse Schools















            Tweet
        








Ask a homework question
 - tutors are online











 



















