 



Blueknight Energy Partners to Acquire Nine Asphalt Terminals from Ergon for $108.8 Million and Ergon to Acquire Blueknight’s General Partner | Business Wire


























































Blueknight Energy Partners to Acquire Nine Asphalt Terminals from 
      Ergon for $108.8 Million and Ergon to Acquire Blueknight’s General 
      Partner





Ergon is a Jackson, Mississippi-based private company 
        established in 1954 involved in asphalt, crude oil and refined 
        products terminalling, marketing and transportation


Transaction subject to regulatory approvals and expected to 
        close on or before September 30, 2016







July 19, 2016 05:20 PM Eastern Daylight Time



OKLAHOMA CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. (NASDAQ: BKEP) (Common Units) (NASDAQ: 
      BKEPP) (Series A Preferred Units) (“BKEP” 
      or the “Partnership”), announced today that 
      Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc., a subsidiary of Jackson, 
      Mississippi-based Ergon, Inc. (“Ergon”), 
      has agreed to purchase 100% of the membership interests of Blueknight GP 
      Holding, L.L.C., which owns 100% of the outstanding membership interests 
      of the general partner of BKEP, which owns the general partner interest 
      and the incentive distribution rights of BKEP. Ergon also has agreed to 
      (i) contribute nine asphalt terminals it currently owns plus $22.1 
      million of cash to BKEP in return for total consideration of 
      approximately $130.9 million, which consists of the issuance of 
      18,312,968 Series A preferred units in a private placement, and (ii) 
      acquire an aggregate of $5.0 million of common units for cash in a 
      private placement. In addition, BKEP has agreed to repurchase 13,335,390 
      of its Series A preferred units currently owned by Blueknight Energy 
      Holding, Inc. (“Vitol”) and CB-Blueknight, 
      LLC (“Charlesbank” and, together with 
      Vitol, the “Existing Sponsors”) for $95.3 
      million. The Existing Sponsors will retain their remaining 4,977,578 
      Series A preferred units. The nine terminals acquired by BKEP from Ergon 
      are located in Wolcott, Kansas; Ennis, Texas; Chandler, Arizona; Mt. 
      Pleasant, Texas; Pleasanton, Texas; Birmingport, Alabama; Memphis, 
      Tennessee; Nashville, Tennessee; and Yellow Creek, Mississippi, and 
      include approximately 2.0 million barrels of storage capacity. Once the 
      transactions described above have closed, Blueknight will own a network 
      of 54 asphalt terminals in 26 states with a combined capacity of 10.2 
      million barrels of asphalt and residual fuel oil storage.
    

      Ergon’s purchase of Blueknight GP Holding, L.L.C., Ergon’s contribution 
      of terminals and cash to BKEP and BKEP’s repurchase of the Existing 
      Sponsors’ Series A preferred units is conditioned on the closing of each 
      of the other transactions. In addition, the transactions are subject to 
      other customary closing conditions, including expiration of the 
      applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust 
      Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and other regulatory approvals and 
      the distribution to holders of Series A preferred units of an 
      information statement on Schedule 14C. Such transactions are expected to 
      close on or before September 30, 2016. BKEP has amended its credit 
      facility to address this change of control and has modified certain 
      terms of the facility, the terms of which will be filed on Form 8-K with 
      the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
    

      The Conflicts Committee of the board of directors of Blueknight Energy 
      Partners G.P., L.L.C., the general partner of BKEP, has approved Ergon’s 
      contribution of terminals and cash to BKEP and BKEP’s repurchase of the 
      Existing Sponsors’ Series A preferred units. Evercore served as 
      financial advisor to the Conflicts Committee and Potter Anderson & 
      Corroon LLP served as legal counsel to the Conflicts Committee.
    

      Wells Fargo Securities, LLC served as exclusive financial advisor to 
      Ergon.
    

      Comments from BKEP CEO Mark Hurley:
    

      “We look forward to a new era with Ergon as the future owner of our 
      general partner. As a long-term customer at 18 of our asphalt terminals 
      we have admired their capabilities and expertise. We also have come to 
      realize we share the same values to operate with discipline and 
      integrity. The strategic combination of the two companies and the 
      addition of nine asphalt facilities to our portfolio will create 
      opportunities for growth and increased shareholder value over the 
      long-term. Our two businesses offer a collection of compatible 
      operations which further enhance and strengthen our diversification. In 
      addition to the purchase of the general partner from Vitol and 
      Charlesbank and nine additional asphalt terminals, Ergon will enter into 
      an exclusive long-term services agreement for the facilities. We expect 
      this transaction to be immediately accretive to the Partnership 
      generating an anticipated first year cash flow multiple in the 8-9 times 
      range. As we move forward with the transaction, we do not anticipate our 
      current base business or customer relationships to be impacted. We will 
      continue to serve a variety of customers across our terminalling and 
      transportation businesses. Vitol and Charlesbank have been instrumental 
      in the development of our company and they have put us in the position 
      to pursue this transformative opportunity with Ergon. Vitol, in addition 
      to being an important strategic sponsor, is also a significant customer. 
      We expect our customer relationship with Vitol to remain in place moving 
      forward.”
    

      Comments from Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc. Chairman Bill Lampton:
    

      “Ergon has had a long-term desire to help build a world class midstream 
      Master Limited Partnership and believes its investment in Blueknight 
      will help achieve that goal. We believe that we are an ideal sponsor to 
      help support and facilitate the growth of Blueknight through our 
      experience in the ownership of pipelines, terminalling and storage 
      facilities and other similar assets. We expect Blueknight to be a growth 
      vehicle on its own with support from Ergon. We have also identified two 
      additional terminals that may be dropped into Blueknight over the next 
      couple of years. We expect that those drop downs would be of similar 
      size to other successful acquisitions completed by Blueknight in the 
      last 18 months. We also value the diversity of customers that Blueknight 
      currently enjoys and will continue to encourage the development and 
      expansion of those relationships. We do not anticipate any day-to-day 
      changes with the overall operation of Blueknight’s business.”
    

      Comments from Charlesbank/Vitol:
    

      “We have valued our partnership with Blueknight but see this as a 
      strategic opportunity for the company. Ergon has been a long-term 
      customer for BKEP and its businesses are strategically aligned with the 
      Partnership’s business. In addition, we at Vitol have enjoyed a 
      long-term business relationship and would expect to continue that 
      relationship going forward. We believe we are leaving the Partnership in 
      capable hands and wish the company the best in the future.”
    

Investor Conference Call


      The Partnership will discuss this transaction during a conference call 
      on Wednesday, July 20, 2016 at 9:30 a.m. CDT (10:30 a.m. EDT). The 
      conference call will be accessible by telephone at 1-888-347-8968. 
      International participants will be able to connect to the conference by 
      calling 1-412-902-4231. Participants should dial in five to ten minutes 
      prior to the scheduled start time. An audio replay will be available 
      through the investors section of the Partnership's website for 30 days. 
      Materials used during the conference call will be accessible in the 
      Investors section of BKEP’s website at www.bkep.com 
      on Wednesday morning.
    

Forward-Looking Statements


      This release may include forward-looking statements. Statements included 
      in this release that are not historical facts are forward-looking 
      statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions made by 
      the Partnership and its general partner based upon management's 
      experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, 
      expected future developments and other factors the Partnership and its 
      general partner believe are appropriate in the circumstances. These 
      statements include, but are not limited to, statements about the 
      benefits of our future relationship with Ergon and the acquisition of 
      the asphalt terminals, statements about potential future acquisitions 
      and our future business relationship with Vitol and other customers and 
      objectives, expectations and intentions that are not historical facts. 
      Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and 
      uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, among other 
      things, satisfaction of the closing conditions to the transactions 
      described above, uncertainties relating to the Partnership's future cash 
      flows and operations, the Partnership's ability to pay future 
      distributions, future market conditions, current and future governmental 
      regulation, future taxation and other factors discussed in the 
      Partnership's filings with the SEC. If any of these risks or 
      uncertainties materializes, or should underlying assumptions prove 
      incorrect, actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those 
      expected. The Partnership undertakes no obligation to publicly update or 
      revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new 
      information, future events or otherwise.
    

About Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P.


      BKEP owns and operates a diversified portfolio of complementary 
      midstream energy assets consisting of approximately 7.4 million barrels 
      of crude oil storage located in Oklahoma and Texas, approximately 6.6 
      million barrels of which are located at the Cushing, Oklahoma, 
      Interchange, approximately 985 miles of crude oil pipeline located 
      primarily in Oklahoma and Texas, approximately 240 crude oil 
      transportation and oilfield services vehicles deployed in Kansas, 
      Oklahoma and Texas and approximately 8.2 million barrels of combined 
      asphalt product and residual fuel oil storage located at 45 terminals in 
      23 states. BKEP provides integrated services for companies engaged in 
      the production, distribution and marketing of crude oil, asphalt and 
      other petroleum products. BKEP is headquartered in Oklahoma City, 
      Oklahoma. For more information, visit the Partnership's web site at www.bkep.com.
    

About Ergon, Inc.


      Ergon, Inc. is a privately held company formed in 1954 and based in 
      Jackson, Mississippi, with over 2,500 employees globally. Ergon and its 
      subsidiaries are engaged in a wide range of operations that are 
      categorized into six primary business segments which include: Refining & 
      Marketing, Asphalt & Emulsions, Transportation & Terminalling, Oil & 
      Gas, Real Estate and Corporate & Other. For more information, visit 
      Ergon’s web site at www.Ergon.com.
    




Contacts

      BKEPInvestor Relations, 918-237-4032investor@bkep.comorMedia 
      Contact:Brent Gooden, 405-715-3232 or 405-818-1900orErgonJim 
      Temple, 601-933-3000Corporate Communications Managerjim.temple@ergon.com















Contacts

      BKEPInvestor Relations, 918-237-4032investor@bkep.comorMedia 
      Contact:Brent Gooden, 405-715-3232 or 405-818-1900orErgonJim 
      Temple, 601-933-3000Corporate Communications Managerjim.temple@ergon.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















Press Releases: Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. Announces Debt Refinancing and Agreement for Charlesbank to Become a Joint Controlling Party with Vitol

















Skip to Site Navigation |
	Skip to Content




Blueknight Energy Partners


Home
About
Operations
Investors
Emergencies
Contact
Careers











Home»Investors 










Investors


Press Releases 













 
			

































 PDF version   Printer friendly   Add to Briefcase   Display list







Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. Announces Debt Refinancing and Agreement for Charlesbank to Become a Joint Controlling Party with Vitol



      Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. (Pink Sheets: BKEP) ("BKEP" or the 
      "Partnership"), a midstream energy company focused on providing 
      integrated terminalling, storage, processing, gathering and 
      transportation services for companies engaged in the production, 
      distribution and marketing of crude oil and asphalt product, today 
      announced that it has raised new equity, repaid in full the existing 
      indebtedness under its prior credit agreement and will hold a unitholder 
      meeting regarding certain unitholder proposals pursuant to a Global 
      Transaction Agreement described in more detail below.
    
      In addition, the Partnership has been informed that CB-Blueknight, LLC 
      ("Charlesbank Holding"), an affiliate of Charlesbank Capital Partners, 
      LLC, has entered into an agreement with Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc. 
      ("Vitol Holding"), an affiliate of Vitol Holding B.V., to purchase 50% 
      of the membership interests in the entity that controls the 
      Partnership's general partner. Because this is a private transaction, 
      financial terms were not disclosed. The agreement is subject to 
      customary closing conditions and approvals.
    
      "We look forward to a new chapter in Blueknight's history. With the 
      refinancing of its debt, Blueknight is positioned to take advantage of 
      new investment opportunities with a focus on building unitholder value 
      rather than dealing with legacy debt issues," stated James Dyer, chief 
      executive officer and director of the Partnership's general partner who 
      is affiliated with Vitol Holding. Further, Mr. Dyer explained, "Vitol's 
      increased investment in Blueknight reflects Vitol's confidence in the 
      company. The Partnership has made great strides over the past 10 months 
      to stabilize operations and reposition the company with customers and 
      the market. We are excited to welcome Charlesbank as a partner who is 
      committed to Blueknight's success."
    
      Jon Biotti, Charlesbank managing director, said, "We are impressed with 
      the quality and depth of Blueknight's management team and are delighted 
      to partner with Vitol to continue the process of repositioning the 
      company. We look forward to supporting Blueknight as it continues to 
      improve its operations and grow its business over the long term."
    
      The Global Transaction Agreement outlines a series of transactions 
      related to the refinancing of the Partnership's existing debt and the 
      recapitalization of the Partnership's securities. Generally, these 
      transactions are separated into three types of transactions: (i) Phase I 
      Transactions, (ii) Unitholder Vote Transactions and (iii) Phase II 
      Transactions. Each of these transactions and the corresponding documents 
      are outlined in more detail below. Copies of the Global Transaction 
      Agreement and the agreements entered into in connection therewith will 
      be available in a Current Report on Form 8-K that will be filed by the 
      Partnership on the date hereof.
    
      The Board of Directors (the "Board") of the Partnership's general 
      partner approved the Global Transaction Agreement and the transactions 
      contemplated therein based on a recommendation from its Conflicts 
      Committee, which consists entirely of independent directors. The 
      Conflicts Committee retained independent legal and financial advisors to 
      assist it in evaluating the Global Transaction Agreement and the 
      transactions contemplated thereby and considered a number of factors in 
      approving the Global Transaction Agreement and such transactions, 
      including an opinion from the Conflicts Committee's independent 
      financial advisor that the Transactions are fair, in aggregate, from a 
      financial point of view, to the public unaffiliated common unitholders 
      of the Partnership.
    Phase I Transactions
      The Partnership completed the following Phase I Transactions 
      concurrently with the execution of the Global Transaction Agreement:
    
        entering into a new credit agreement, which includes a $200 million 
        term loan facility and a $75 million revolving loan facility;
      
        issuing an aggregate of 21,538,462 Series A Preferred Units (the 
        "Preferred Units") to Vitol Holding and Charlesbank Holding for a cash 
        purchase price of $6.50 per Preferred Unit in a privately negotiated 
        transaction (the "Private Placement") and granting Vitol Holding and 
        Charlesbank Holding certain registration rights pursuant to a 
        Registration Rights Agreement for the resale of Common Units issued as 
        a result of the conversion of their Preferred Units; and
      
        issuing Convertible Subordinated Debentures to Vitol Holding and 
        Charlesbank Holding in the aggregate principal amount of $50 million, 
        with such debentures being convertible into Preferred Units on 
        December 31, 2011 if not earlier redeemed from proceeds from an equity 
        offering.
      
      The Partnership used borrowings under its new credit agreement together 
      with proceeds from the Private Placement and the sale of the Convertible 
      Subordinated Debentures: (i) to repay all existing indebtedness under 
      the Partnership's prior credit agreement, (ii) to pay certain 
      transaction expenses incurred in connection with the Global Transaction 
      Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including a payment 
      of approximately $350,000 to each of Vitol Holding and Charlesbank 
      Holding as partial reimbursement of their expenses incurred in 
      connection with the negotiation and preparation of the Global 
      Transaction Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and 
      (iii) for general partnership purposes. Vitol Refining Group B.V., an 
      affiliate of Vitol Holding B.V., is a lender under the new credit 
      agreement.
    Unitholder Vote Transactions
      Pursuant to the Global Transaction Agreement, the Partnership's general 
      partner has agreed to convene a special meeting (the "Unitholder 
      Meeting") of holders of the Partnership's Common Units and Subordinated 
      Units to consider and vote upon the following unitholder proposals (the 
      "Unitholder Proposals"):
    
        approval to amend the Partnership's partnership agreement to reset the 
        Minimum Quarterly Distribution (as defined in the partnership 
        agreement) to $0.09 per unit per quarter from $0.3125 per unit per 
        quarter and corresponding adjustments to the other Target 
        Distributions, each effective as of the first day of the quarter 
        during which the unitholders approve the Unitholder Proposals;
      
        approval of the waiver of the Cumulative Common Unit Arrearage (as 
        defined in the partnership agreement) due and owing through the 
        quarter prior to the quarter during which the unitholders approve the 
        Unitholder Proposals; and
      
        approval to amend the Partnership's partnership agreement to provide 
        that no Minimum Quarterly Distribution dividends shall accrue or be 
        paid to the holders of Subordinated Units during the four-quarter 
        period following the date that the unitholders approve the Unitholder 
        Proposals and that, instead, such Minimum Quarterly Distributions that 
        would otherwise be paid to the holders of Subordinated Units will be 
        paid to holders of Common Units, with the Conflicts Committee 
        determining the amount of any such distribution.
      
      The Board and the Conflicts Committee has each recommended that the 
      public unitholders approve the Unitholder Proposals. The Unitholder 
      Proposals must be approved by a majority of the outstanding Common Units 
      held by non-affiliates of Vitol Holding and Charlesbank Holding. The 
      Preferred Units are not entitled to vote upon the Unitholder Proposals.
    Phase II Transactions
      Pursuant to the Global Transaction Agreement, upon the approval of the 
      Unitholder Proposals, the following Phase II Transactions will take 
      place:
    
        the Partnership's general partner will amend the Partnership's 
        partnership agreement to reflect the approval of the Unitholder 
        Proposals;
      
        no later than 20 days after the date of the approval of the Unitholder 
        Proposals (the "Unitholder Approval Date"), the Partnership will issue 
        and sell to Vitol Holding and Charlesbank Holding an aggregate of 
        2,615,386 Preferred Units (1,307,693 Preferred Units to Vitol Holding 
        and Charlesbank Holding, respectively) for a cash purchase price of 
        $6.50 per Preferred Unit in a private transaction (the "Additional 
        Private Placement"), resulting in total gross proceeds of 
        approximately $17 million, such proceeds to be used to make the 
        Special Distribution (as defined below);
      
        no later than 15 days after the Unitholder Approval Date, the 
        Partnership's general partner will declare a distribution in favor of 
        the holders of the Common Units in the amount of $0.78 per Common Unit 
        (the "Special Distribution"), such Special Distribution to be paid no 
        later than 45 days after the Unitholder Approval Date; and
      
        the Partnership will undertake to complete a rights offering pursuant 
        to which the Partnership will distribute to its existing common 
        unitholders 0.5310 rights for each outstanding Common Unit, with each 
        whole right entitling the holder to acquire, for a subscription price 
        of $6.50, a newly issued Preferred Unit (the "Rights Offering"), with 
        the proceeds from such Rights Offering being used to redeem the 
        Convertible Subordinated Debentures and for general partnership 
        purposes. These newly issued Preferred Units will be identical to the 
        Preferred Units issued to Vitol Holding and Charlesbank Holding in the 
        Private Placement.
      Investor Conference Call
      The Partnership will hold a conference call on Wednesday, October 27, 
      2010 at 3:30 p.m. Central Time (4:30 p.m. Eastern Time) to discuss the 
      refinancing transactions. The conference call can be accessed through 
      the Investors section of the Partnership's Web site at http://www.bkep.com 
      or by telephone at 877-407-4134. International locations may dial-in by 
      calling 201-689-8430.
    
      Participants should dial in five to 10 minutes prior to the scheduled 
      start time. An audio replay will be available on the Web site for at 
      least 30 days, and a recording will be available by phone for 14 days. 
      To hear the replay, call 877-660-6853 in the U.S. or call 201-612-7415 
      from international locations. The pass code for both is 359690 and the 
      account number is 356.
    Important Additional Information Regarding the Unitholder Proposals 
      and the Phase II Transactions will be Filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission ("SEC"):
      In connection with the Unitholder Proposals and the related 
      transactions, the Partnership will file a proxy statement and other 
      documents with the SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE ADVISED TO 
      READ THE PROXY STATEMENT WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE BECAUSE IT WILL 
      CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PARTNERSHIP, THE UNITHOLDER 
      PROPOSALS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS. Investors and security holders 
      may obtain copies of the proxy statement and other documents that the 
      Partnership files with the SEC (when they are available) free of charge 
      at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. 
      The definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents may also be 
      obtained (when available) free of charge on the Partnership's web site 
      at www.bkep.com 
      or by directing a request to Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P., Two 
      Warren Place, 6120 South Yale Avenue, Suite 500, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74136, 
      Attention: Investor Relations.
    
      The Partnership, the Partnership's general partner and its directors, 
      executive officers and other members of its management and employees may 
      be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from the 
      unitholders of the Partnership in connection with the Unitholder 
      Proposals and related transactions. Information regarding the special 
      interests of persons who may be deemed to be such participants in the 
      Unitholder Proposals and related transactions will be included in the 
      proxy statement when it becomes available. Additional information 
      regarding the directors and executive officers of the Partnership's 
      general partner is also included in the Partnership's Annual Report on 
      Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and subsequent 
      statements of changes in beneficial ownership on file with the SEC. 
      These documents are available free of charge at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov 
      and from Investor Relations at Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. as 
      described above.
    
      This document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation 
      of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of 
      securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale 
      would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the 
      securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities 
      shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements 
      of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
    Forward-Looking Statements
      This release includes forward-looking statements. Statements included in 
      this release that are not historical facts (including, without 
      limitation, any statements concerning plans and objectives of management 
      for future operations or economic performance or assumptions related 
      thereto) are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements 
      are subject to various risks and uncertainties. These risks and 
      uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties relating to the 
      impact of the refinancing of BKEP's debt upon the price of its common 
      units, BKEP's future cash flows and operations, pending legal 
      proceedings, future market conditions, current and future governmental 
      regulation, future taxation and other factors discussed in BKEP's 
      filings with the SEC. If any of these risks or uncertainties 
      materializes, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual 
      results or outcomes may vary materially from those expected. BKEP 
      undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
      forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, 
      future events or otherwise.
    About Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P.
      BKEP owns and operates a diversified portfolio of complementary 
      midstream energy assets consisting of approximately 8.2 million barrels 
      of crude oil storage located in Oklahoma and Texas, approximately 6.7 
      million barrels of which are located at the Cushing Oklahoma 
      Interchange, approximately 1,300 miles of crude oil pipeline located 
      primarily in Oklahoma and Texas, approximately 185 crude oil 
      transportation and oilfield services vehicles deployed in Kansas, 
      Colorado, New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas and approximately 7.2 million 
      barrels of combined asphalt and residual fuel storage located at 45 
      terminals in 22 states. BKEP provides integrated terminalling, storage, 
      processing, gathering and transportation services for companies engaged 
      in the production, distribution and marketing of crude oil and asphalt 
      product. BKEP's general partner is controlled by Vitol Holding B.V. and 
      its affiliates, which are engaged in the global physical supply and 
      distribution of crude oil, petroleum products, coal, natural gas and 
      other commodities. BKEP is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and Tulsa, 
      Oklahoma. For more information, visit the Partnership's web site at www.bkep.com.
    About Charlesbank Capital Partners
      Based in Boston and New York, Charlesbank Capital Partners is a 
      middle-market private equity investment firm managing more than $2 
      billion of capital. Charlesbank focuses on management-led buyouts and 
      growth capital financings, typically investing in companies with 
      enterprise values of $100 million to $750 million. The firm seeks to 
      partner with strong management teams to build companies with sustainable 
      competitive advantages and excellent prospects for growth. Visit www.charlesbank.com 
      for more information.
    
      BKEP Investor Relations918-237-4032investor@bkep.comorBKEP 
      Media Contact:Brent Gooden, 405-715-3232 or 405-818-1900
    


Oct 25, 2010


















News & Press Releases
Events & Presentations
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance

K-1 information
Business Overview




Sign up to receive email alerts

 








Home
About
Operations
Investors
Emergencies
Contact
Careers

©  Blueknight Energy Partners. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap.

Design by Element Fusion.






















[ Privacy ]











  




















Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. Announces Debt Refinancing And Agreement For Charlesbank To Become A Joint Controlling Party With Vitol - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. Announces Debt Refinancing And Agreement For Charlesbank To Become A Joint Controlling Party With Vitol






Business Wire




Oct 25, 2010 5:00 PM EDT













 


















































  Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. (Pink Sheets: BKEP) (“BKEP” or the “Partnership”), a midstream energy company focused on providing integrated terminalling, storage, processing, gathering and transportation services for companies engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of crude oil and asphalt product, today announced that it has raised new equity, repaid in full the existing indebtedness under its prior credit agreement and will hold a unitholder meeting regarding certain unitholder proposals pursuant to a Global Transaction Agreement described in more detail below.  In addition, the Partnership has been informed that CB-Blueknight, LLC (“Charlesbank Holding”), an affiliate of Charlesbank Capital Partners, LLC, has entered into an agreement with Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc. (“Vitol Holding”), an affiliate of Vitol Holding B.V., to purchase 50% of the membership interests in the entity that controls the Partnership’s general partner. Because this is a private transaction, financial terms were not disclosed. The agreement is subject to customary closing conditions and approvals.  “We look forward to a new chapter in Blueknight’s history. With the refinancing of its debt, Blueknight is positioned to take advantage of new investment opportunities with a focus on building unitholder value rather than dealing with legacy debt issues,” stated James Dyer, chief executive officer and director of the Partnership’s general partner who is affiliated with Vitol Holding. Further, Mr. Dyer explained, “Vitol’s increased investment in Blueknight reflects Vitol’s confidence in the company. The Partnership has made great strides over the past 10 months to stabilize operations and reposition the company with customers and the market. We are excited to welcome Charlesbank as a partner who is committed to Blueknight’s success.”  Jon Biotti, Charlesbank managing director, said, “We are impressed with the quality and depth of Blueknight’s management team and are delighted to partner with Vitol to continue the process of repositioning the company. We look forward to supporting Blueknight as it continues to improve its operations and grow its business over the long term.”  



 








 































































 











Trending


If Donald Trump Is Right, How Many Jobs Would 3 Apple Factories in the U.S. Really Create?


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


Jim Cramer Reveals Why He's Pleased With Advanced Micro Devices and Boeing's Earnings


Jim Cramer Reveals What to Watch in Southwest Airlines, Dow Chemical and Starbucks Earnings


What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 


















Press Releases: Blueknight Energy Partners Completes Acquisition of Nine Asphalt Terminals from Ergon for $108.8 million and Ergon Completes Acquisition of Blueknight's General Partner

















Skip to Site Navigation |
	Skip to Content




Blueknight Energy Partners


Home
About
Operations
Investors
Emergencies
Contact
Careers











Home»Investors 










Investors


Press Releases 













 
			

































 PDF version   Printer friendly   Add to Briefcase   Display list







Blueknight Energy Partners Completes Acquisition of Nine Asphalt Terminals from Ergon for $108.8 million and Ergon Completes Acquisition of Blueknight's General Partner



      Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. (NASDAQ: BKEP) (Common Units) (NASDAQ: 
      BKEPP) (Series A Preferred Units) ("BKEP" 
      or the "Partnership"), announced today that 
      Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc., a subsidiary of Jackson, 
      Mississippi-based Ergon, Inc. ("Ergon"), 
      completed its acquisition of the entity that owns the general partner of 
      BKEP. Ergon also (i) contributed nine asphalt terminals it previously 
      owned plus $22.1 million of cash to BKEP in return for an aggregate of 
      18,312,968 Series A preferred units and (ii) acquired 847,457 common 
      units for approximately $5.0 million in a private placement. In 
      addition, BKEP repurchased 13,335,390 of its Series A preferred units 
      previously owned by Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc. ("Vitol") 
      and CB-Blueknight, LLC ("Charlesbank Capital 
      Partners" or "Charlesbank") for 
      approximately $95.3 million. Vitol and Charlesbank each retained 
      2,488,789 Series A preferred units. The nine terminals acquired by BKEP 
      from Ergon are located in Wolcott, Kansas; Ennis, Texas; Chandler, 
      Arizona; Mt. Pleasant, Texas; Pleasanton, Texas; Birmingport, Alabama; 
      Memphis, Tennessee; Nashville, Tennessee; and Yellow Creek, Mississippi, 
      and include approximately 2.0 million barrels of storage capacity.
    
      In connection with the transactions described above, BKEP entered into a 
      seven year storage, throughput and handling agreement with Ergon. Under 
      the terms of the agreement, BKEP will provide storage and terminalling 
      services at the nine terminals in exchange for the payment of certain 
      fees by Ergon.
    
      BKEP also announces the addition of five new members of its Board of 
      Directors of the General Partner. They are William W. Lampton, Robert H. 
      Lampton, Jimmy A. Langdon, Donald M. Brooks and Edward Drew Brooks. They 
      will be replacing the board members affiliated with Vitol and 
      Charlesbank.
    
      Comments from BKEP CEO Mark Hurley:
    
      "We are excited to announce the completion of this transaction. It is a 
      transformative event for Blueknight and is anticipated to result in 
      immediate and long-term growth for our unitholders. Ergon is an 
      exceptional company with a solid track record and a like-minded 
      disciplined approach to management. We are excited to have them as a 
      valued strategic partner."
    Forward-Looking Statements
      This release may include forward-looking statements. Statements included 
      in this release that are not historical facts are forward-looking 
      statements. These statements are based on certain assumptions made by 
      the Partnership and its general partner based upon management's 
      experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions, 
      expected future developments and other factors the Partnership and its 
      general partner believe are appropriate in the circumstances. Such 
      forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and 
      uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, among other 
      things, uncertainties relating to the Partnership's future cash flows 
      and operations, the Partnership's ability to pay future distributions, 
      future market conditions, current and future governmental regulation, 
      future taxation and other factors discussed in the Partnership's filings 
      with the SEC. If any of these risks or uncertainties materializes, or 
      should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results or 
      outcomes may vary materially from those expected. The Partnership 
      undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any 
      forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, 
      future events or otherwise.
    About Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P.
      BKEP owns and operates a diversified portfolio of complementary 
      midstream energy assets consisting of approximately 10.2 million barrels 
      of combined asphalt product and residual fuel oil storage located at 54 
      terminals in 26 states, 7.4 million barrels of crude oil storage located 
      in Oklahoma and Texas, approximately 6.6 million barrels of which are 
      located at the Cushing, Oklahoma, Interchange, approximately 985 miles 
      of crude oil pipeline located primarily in Oklahoma and Texas and 
      approximately 240 crude oil transportation and oilfield services 
      vehicles deployed in Kansas, Oklahoma and Texas. BKEP provides 
      integrated services for companies engaged in the production, 
      distribution and marketing of crude oil, asphalt and other petroleum 
      products. BKEP is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. For more 
      information, visit the Partnership's web site at www.bkep.com.
    About Ergon, Inc.
      Ergon, Inc. is a privately held company formed in 1954 and based in 
      Jackson, Mississippi, with over 2,500 employees globally. Ergon and its 
      subsidiaries are engaged in a wide range of operations that are 
      categorized into six primary business segments which include: Refining & 
      Marketing, Asphalt & Emulsions, Transportation & Terminalling, Oil & 
      Gas, Real Estate and Corporate & Other. For more information, visit 
      Ergon's web site at www.Ergon.com.
    View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161005006430/en/
      BKEPInvestor Relations, 918-237-4032investor@bkep.comorMedia 
      Contact:Brent Gooden, 405-715-3232 or 405-818-1900orErgonJim 
      Temple, 601-933-3000Corporate Communications Managerjim.temple@ergon.com


Oct 05, 2016


















News & Press Releases
Events & Presentations
SEC Filings
Corporate Governance

K-1 information
Business Overview




Sign up to receive email alerts

 








Home
About
Operations
Investors
Emergencies
Contact
Careers

©  Blueknight Energy Partners. All Rights Reserved. Sitemap.

Design by Element Fusion.






















[ Privacy ]











  




















Blueknight Energy Partners Completes Acquisition Of Nine Asphalt Terminals From Ergon For $108.8 Million And Ergon Completes Acquisition Of Blueknight's General Partner - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Blueknight Energy Partners Completes Acquisition Of Nine Asphalt Terminals From Ergon For $108.8 Million And Ergon Completes Acquisition Of Blueknight's General Partner






Business Wire




Oct 5, 2016 4:30 PM EDT













 




























































  Blueknight Energy Partners, L.P. (NASDAQ: BKEP) (Common Units) (NASDAQ: BKEPP) (Series A Preferred Units) (" BKEP" or the " Partnership"), announced today that Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions, Inc., a subsidiary of Jackson, Mississippi-based Ergon, Inc. (" Ergon"), completed its acquisition of the entity that owns the general partner of BKEP. Ergon also (i) contributed nine asphalt terminals it previously owned plus $22.1 million of cash to BKEP in return for an aggregate of 18,312,968 Series A preferred units and (ii) acquired 847,457 common units for approximately $5.0 million in a private placement. In addition, BKEP repurchased 13,335,390 of its Series A preferred units previously owned by Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc. (" Vitol") and CB-Blueknight, LLC (" Charlesbank Capital Partners" or " Charlesbank") for approximately $95.3 million. Vitol and Charlesbank each retained 2,488,789 Series A preferred units. The nine terminals acquired by BKEP from Ergon are located in Wolcott, Kansas; Ennis, Texas; Chandler, Arizona; Mt. Pleasant, Texas; Pleasanton, Texas; Birmingport, Alabama; Memphis, Tennessee; Nashville, Tennessee; and Yellow Creek, Mississippi, and include approximately 2.0 million barrels of storage capacity.  In connection with the transactions described above, BKEP entered into a seven year storage, throughput and handling agreement with Ergon. Under the terms of the agreement, BKEP will provide storage and terminalling services at the nine terminals in exchange for the payment of certain fees by Ergon.  BKEP also announces the addition of five new members of its Board of Directors of the General Partner. They are William W. Lampton, Robert H. Lampton, Jimmy A. Langdon, Donald M. Brooks and Edward Drew Brooks. They will be replacing the board members affiliated with Vitol and Charlesbank.  Comments from BKEP CEO Mark Hurley:  "We are excited to announce the completion of this transaction. It is a transformative event for Blueknight and is anticipated to result in immediate and long-term growth for our unitholders. Ergon is an exceptional company with a solid track record and a like-minded disciplined approach to management. We are excited to have them as a valued strategic partner."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks SNR, BKEP, CMFN
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet



TheStreet Wire

Jul 25, 2016 11:30 AM EDT
























What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks CCLP, GOOD, BKEP
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet



TheStreet Wire

Jun 6, 2016 11:30 AM EDT
























What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks BKEP, EARN, FULL
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet



TheStreet Wire

May 26, 2016 11:30 AM EDT
























3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks: IEP, BKEP, DSWL
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet



TheStreet Wire

May 6, 2016 11:30 AM EDT








































 











Trending


If Donald Trump Is Right, How Many Jobs Would 3 Apple Factories in the U.S. Really Create?


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


Jim Cramer Reveals Why He's Pleased With Advanced Micro Devices and Boeing's Earnings


Jim Cramer Reveals What to Watch in Southwest Airlines, Dow Chemical and Starbucks Earnings


What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 























BKEP stock quote - Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. Common Units price - NASDAQ.com










































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search



























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    BKEP















Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. Common Units Quote & Summary Data 


BKEP 
$5.9
*  
0.05

0.84%
Get BKEP Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 26, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading BKEP now
				        




Exchange:NASDAQ 
Industry: Energy 
Community Rating:  



















BKEP





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks











































News




PriceCharts






TradeHistory





Annual Report










EarningsReport Date





Dynamic quotes: Turn Off


















                                            Best Bid/Ask
                                            


                                                    "Best Bid" is the highest price currently being offered for a block of stock.
                                                    
                                                    "Best Ask" is the lowest price currently being asked for a block of stock.
                                                




N/A / N/A


1 Year Target
7




                                            Today's High /Low
                                            


                                                    "Today's High" The highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours, the intra-day high.
                                                    
                                                    "Today's Low" The lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours, the intra-day low.
                                                




$ 6 / $ 5.90




                                            Share Volume
                                            


                                                    "Share Volume" is the number of shares of the stock traded on the listing exchange during current trading hours. It does not include after hours volume.
                                                





36,329





                                        50 Day Avg. Daily Volume
                                        


                                                This is the average share volume for the past 50 trading days, for NASDAQ stocks and 90 trading days for Non-NASDAQ stocks. This field allows you to compare today's trading to the average daily volume. 
                                            




N/A




                                            Previous Close
                                            


                                                    "Previous Close" is the previous trading day's last reported trade price during official trading hours.
                                                




$ 5.95




                                            52 Week High/Low
                                            


                                                    "52 Week High" is the highest sales price the stock has achieved during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                    
                                                    "52 Week Low" is the lowest sales price the stock has fallen to during the regular trading hours during the most recent 52 week period.
                                                





                                        $ 7.55 / $ 5.62
                                    


 



                                            Market cap
                                            


	                                                “Market Capitalization” is a measure of the estimated value of the common equity securities of the company or their equivalent. It does not include securities convertible into the common equity securities. “Market Capitalization” is derived from the last sale price for the displayed class of listed securities and the total number of shares outstanding for both listed and unlisted securities (as applicable). NASDAQ does not use this value to determine compliance with the listing requirements.
                                                




$ 225,117,061 




                                            P/E Ratio
                                            


                                                    "P/E Ratio" is a statistic calculated by dividing the price of a stock by the reported actual earnings per share of the issuing firm (not the same as the projected P/E ratio); it is also called the "multiple".
                                                




NE




                                        Forward P/E(1y)
                                            


                                                        A widely used stock evaluation measure. For a security, the Price/Earnings Ratio is given by dividing the Last Sale Price by the Average EPS (Earnings Per Share) Estimate for the specified fiscal time period. The forward P/E refers to the value for the next full year. 
                                                    




74.38




                                            Earnings Per Share (EPS)
                                            


	                                                    The EPS listed on our infoquote and Summary Quote page is "12-mos Rolling". EPS represents the portion of a company's profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Net income (reported or estimated) for a period of time is divided by the total number of shares outstanding (TSO) during that period; See growth rate measures for EPS. Our vendor's methodology for the EPS on the infoquote and Summary Quote pages follows the EPS used by the majority of the analysts following the stock, in many cases this is EBITDA EPS. 
	                                                




$ -0.84


Annualized dividend
$ .58




                                            Ex Dividend Date
                                            


                                                    The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




8/2/2017


Dividend Payment Date
8/14/2017




                                            Current Yield
                                            


                                                    Indicated yield represents annual dividends divided by current stock price. The data is based on historical ex-dividend data & doesn’t include upcoming values.  Visit the dividend history page to see the upcoming dividend information.
                                                




9.67 %




                                            Beta
                                            


                                                    "Beta" is a volatility measurement of a stock mutual fund or ETF versus a comparable benchmark like the S&P 500 stock index. A stock fund or ETF with a higher beta than the S&P 500 will rise or fall to a greater degree. In contrast, a stock fund or ETF with a low beta will rise or fall less.
                                                




0.41




                                            NASDAQ Official Open Price
                                            


	                                                NASDAQ Official Opening Price: This process identifies the NASDAQ-specific opening prices for NASDAQ-listed issues.
	                                                




$ 6




									            Date of Open Price
									            


											            "Date of Open Price" This field refers to the date the NASDAQ Official Open Price was disseminated for a given stock. It is possible that the date will not be from the current trading day; this indicates that the stock didn't trade on NASDAQ during the current trading day. The NASDAQ Official Open Price is updated only when the stock is traded on NASDAQ. 
											            




Jul. 26, 2017




                                        NASDAQ Official Close Price
                                        


                                                    "NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP)" is a process for identifying the NASDAQ market-specific closing price for NASDAQ-listed issues.
                                                    




$ 5.925




                                            Date of Close Price
                                            


	                                                This field refers to the date the NOCP was disseminated for a given stock. It is possible that the date will not be from the prior day; this indicates that the stock didn't trade on NASDAQ on the prior day. The NOCP is updated only when the stock is traded on NASDAQ. 
	                                                




Jul. 26, 2017


Community Sentiment







Intraday Chart




5d


1m


6m


12m


More Charting













Company Description (as filed with the SEC)
We are a publicly traded master limited partnership with operations in
twenty-three states. We provide integrated terminalling, storage, processing,
gathering and transportation services for companies engaged in the production,
distribution and marketing of crude oil and asphalt products. We manage our
operations through four operating segments: (1) crude oil terminalling and
storage services, (2) crude oil pipeline services, (3) crude oil trucking and
producer field services, and (4) asphalt services. 

Our Operations

We were formed as a Delaware limited partnership in 2007 to own, operate and
develop a diversified portfolio of complementary midstream energy assets. Our
operating assets are owned by, and our operations are conducted through, our
subsidiaries. Our General Partner has sole responsibility for conducting our
business and for managing our operations. Our General Partner is jointly owned
by Blueknight Energy Holding, Inc.  ... More ...  




Risk Grade

			        Where does BKEP fit in the risk graph?
				
































News for BKEP









                        'Safer' Dividend Energy Top Dogs: Seadrill For Gain, And BP Prudhoe For June Yield
                    

6/29/2017 12:02:00 AM - Seeking Alpha



                        'Safer' Dividend Challenger Top 10 Dogs Chase 16%-34% June Gains
                    

6/14/2017 6:59:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        10 Challenger Dividend Dogs Pounce On Big Net Gains To June 2018
                    

6/13/2017 8:49:00 PM - Seeking Alpha



                        Monday 6/12 Insider Buying Report: BKEP, MATR
                    

6/12/2017 10:39:20 AM - BNK Invest



                        Blueknight Energy Partners (BKEP) Presents At Stephens Energy Executive Summit - Slideshow
                    

5/19/2017 3:30:00 PM - Seeking Alpha




 Subscribe


                More BKEP News & Commentary



                Read BKEP Press Releases





















Consensus Recommendation


















Analyst Info


Annual EPS Est:
$-0.14


Quarterly EPS Est:
-0.04


PEG Ratio:
18.59


Mean Recommendation:
1.8




            Data is provided by Zacks Investment Research





View All



View Summary


































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX




































































































Mississippi company Ergon to acquire Blueknight's general partner | Energy | tulsaworld.com






































×
Thank you for reading.





If you have reached this point, you must really value what we produce and read us a lot. If you are a subscriber, simply log in for unlimited access. If you are a nonsubscriber, you are limited in how many stories you can read every 30 days. For a very short time, we are offering a $3.95 a month digital subscription for unlimited digital access. Go to tulsaworld.com/subscribe and never be interrupted when news breaks. If you are having an issue with your account, contact us at circulation@tulsaworld.com. 



We have used your information to see if you have a subscription with us, but did not find one.  Please use the button below to verify an existing account or to purchase a new subscription.


If you have reached this point, you must really value what we produce and read us a lot. If you are a subscriber, simply log in for unlimited access. If you are a nonsubscriber, you are limited in how many stories you can read every 30 days. For a very short time, we are offering a $3.95 a month digital subscription for unlimited digital access. Go to tulsaworld.com/subscribe and never be interrupted when news breaks. If you are having an issue with your account, contact us at circulation@tulsaworld.com. 





Sign Up


Log In




Purchase a Subscription


















×
Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area



Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service.
Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access.
Get digital access

Please confirm you are in our delivery area

Zip Code




Cancel
Confirm













You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article












Today's Weather Forecast
























Subscribe to the Tulsa World


























Welcome, Guest
Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
 Logout




My Account



My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout











                                Home
                            




                                ePaper
                            




                                The Latest
                            






                                News
                            



                                        Metro & Region
                                    


                                        Education
                                    


                                        State
                                    


                                        Government
                                    


                                        Crimewatch
                                    


                                        U.S. & World
                                    


                                        Courts
                                    


                                        Health
                                    


                                        Faith & Values
                                    


                                        Marriages
                                    


                                        Divorces
                                    


                                        Death Notices
                                    


                                        Obituaries
                                    


                                        Databases
                                    





                                Sports Extra
                            



                                        OU Sooners
                                    


                                        OSU Cowboys
                                    


                                        TU Golden Hurricane
                                    


                                        ORU Golden Eagles
                                    


                                        OK Preps Extra
                                    


                                        OKC Thunder
                                    


                                        Columnist Guerin Emig
                                    


                                        Columnist Bill Haisten
                                    


                                        College Football
                                    


                                        College Basketball
                                    


                                        Sports TV/Radio Schedule
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        For The Record
                                    


                                        Horse Racing
                                    


                                        Other Sports
                                    


                                        Drillers
                                    


                                        Oilers
                                    


                                        Roughnecks FC
                                    


                                        MLB
                                    


                                        NBA
                                    


                                        NFL
                                    


                                        Golf
                                    


                                        Auto Racing
                                    





                                Scene
                            



                                        Restaurant Guide by Recent Reviews
                                    


                                        Restaurant Guide by Cuisine
                                    


                                        Restaurant Guide by Location
                                    


                                        Food
                                    


                                        Movie Reviews
                                    


                                        Movie News
                                    


                                        Movie Showtimes
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        TV
                                    


                                        Style
                                    


                                        A&E
                                    


                                        Home & Garden
                                    


                                        Features
                                    


                                        People & Places
                                    


                                        Celebrations
                                    


                                        Calendar
                                    


                                        Books
                                    


                                        Comics
                                    


                                        Ask Amy
                                    


                                        Dear Pharmacist
                                    


                                        Ask the Doctors
                                    


                                        Movie Blog
                                    


                                        Taste
                                    


                                        Table Talk
                                    


                                        ARTS
                                    


                                        POP
                                    


                                        Prairie Nerds
                                    


                                        What The Ale
                                    





                                Opinion
                            



                                        Editorials
                                    


                                        Reader's Forum
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Other Voices
                                    


                                        Wayne Greene
                                    


                                        Mike Jones
                                    


                                        Bruce Plante
                                    


                                        Cartoon Caption Contest
                                    



                                Weekend
                            






                                Work & Money
                            



                                        Energy
                                    


                                        Aerospace
                                    


                                        American Airlines
                                    


                                        Employment
                                    


                                        Job and Work Advice
                                    


                                        Retail
                                    


                                        Manufacturing
                                    


                                        Real Estate
                                    


                                        Transportation
                                    


                                        Technology
                                    


                                        5 Questions
                                    


                                        Small Business
                                    


                                        Consumer
                                    


                                        Agriculture
                                    


                                        Finance
                                    


                                        Legal notices
                                    


                                        Business People
                                    


                                        Outlook 2017: Business
                                    


                                        Outlook 2017: Quality of Life
                                    


                                        Tulsa Business & Legal News
                                    





                                Investigations
                            



                                        Veteran Center Deaths
                                    


                                        Life Without Parole
                                    


                                        Oklahoma Earthquakes
                                    


                                        Shadow of Doubt: The Prosecution and Exoneration of Michelle Murphy
                                    





                                Special Reports
                            



                                        Girl Scout Murders
                                    


                                        World War II Veterans Remember
                                    


                                        The Outsiders
                                    


                                        A Gathering Place for Tulsa
                                    


                                        The Oklahoma City Bombing
                                    


                                        1921 Tulsa Race Riot
                                    


                                        Terence Crutcher Shooting
                                    


                                        Oral Roberts
                                    


                                        Will Rogers
                                    





                                Photography
                            



                                        Galleries
                                    


                                        View Blog
                                    


                                        Staff Portfolios
                                    



                                Tulsa World Magazine
                            




                                Tulsa World TV
                            






                                Communities
                            



                                        Bartlesville World
                                    


                                        Bixby World
                                    


                                        Broken Arrow World
                                    


                                        Catoosa World
                                    


                                        Claremore World
                                    


                                        Collinsville World
                                    


                                        Glenpool World
                                    


                                        Jenks World
                                    


                                        Owasso Reporter
                                    


                                        Sand Springs Leader
                                    


                                        Sapulpa World
                                    


                                        Skiatook Journal
                                    


                                        Wagoner County American-Tribune
                                    





                                Columns
                            



                                        Ginnie Graham
                                    


                                        John Klein
                                    


                                        Wayne Greene
                                    


                                        Mike Jones
                                    


                                        Bill Haisten
                                    


                                        Guerin Emig
                                    


                                        Jimmie Tramel
                                    


                                        Barry Lewis
                                    


                                        Michael Overall
                                    


                                        Kelly Bostian
                                    





                                Jobs
                            



                                        Search job listings
                                    


                                        Job and Work Advice
                                    


                                        Work at the Tulsa World
                                    





                                Contact us
                            



                                        Circulation
                                    


                                        Newsroom
                                    


                                        Advertising
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Obituaries
                                    


                                        Tours
                                    


                                        Human Resources
                                    


                                        Accounting
                                    


                                        Administration
                                    



                                Weather
                            




                                Obituaries
                            






                                Events
                            



                                        Senior Living Expo
                                    


                                        All World Awards
                                    



                                Databases
                            




                                Calendar
                            




                                About us
                            






                                Marketplace
                            



                                        Place a classified ad
                                    


                                        Advertise and market your business
                                    


                                        Jobs
                                    


                                        Autos
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    


                                        Homes
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Daily Deals
                                    


                                        Display ads
                                    


                                        Findit Business Directory
                                    


                                        Legal Notices
                                    


                                        Tulsa World Store
                                    



                                Contests
                            




                                Special Sections
                            




                                Sponsored Features
                            




                                Best in the World
                            




                                Platinum Rewards
                            






                                Tulsa World Books
                            



                                        Cookies
                                    


                                        World War II Veterans Remember
                                    


                                        Barry Switzer: The Players' Coach
                                    


                                        Oklahoma Revisited
                                    



                                Bingo
                            
















Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout





























































88°
Clear 







 



                                
                                    Tulsa, OK
                                
                                 (74103)

Today
Clear.
Tonight
Clear skies. Low near 75F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: July 25, 2017 @ 10:53 pm



 Full Forecast


























































































        
        Mississippi company Ergon to acquire Blueknight's general partner
    


By CASEY SMITH
World Business Writer


Jul 21, 2016
 0



























































































Blueknight Energy Partners LP announced this week that its general partner is being purchased by a subsidiary of Mississippi-based Ergon Inc. The transaction is expected to close by the end of September.Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions Inc. agreed to purchase 100 percent of the membership interests of Blueknight GP Holding LLC, which owns all outstanding membership interests of Blueknight Energy Partners GP LLC.Currently Charlesbank Capital Partners and Vitol Holding B.V. control Blueknight GP Holding with a 50-50 ownership interest. Representatives from Vitol and Charlesbank said in a statement that they have valued the partnership with Blueknight but see this as a strategic opportunity for the company.In a statement Blueknight Energy Partners CEO Mark Hurley said Vitol and Charlesbank have been instrumental in the development of Blueknight and have put the company in a position to pursue the transformative opportunity with Ergon. Hurley said the company doesn’t anticipate the current base business or customer relationships to be impacted as the transaction moves forward.“The strategic combination of the two companies and the addition of nine asphalt facilities to our portfolio will create opportunities for growth and increased shareholder value over the long-term,” Hurley said.Blueknight Energy Partners is an Oklahoma City-based midstream energy company that employs approximately 45 people in its Tulsa office. The company’s assets include crude oil storage, approximately 6.6 million barrels of which are located in Cushing; pipeline; transportation and oilfield services vehicles; and asphalt product and residual fuel oil storage.Blueknight started in Tulsa in 2007 as a spinoff of SemGroup LP but was acquired by Vitol in 2009 and underwent a name change. Charlesbank joined as a partner in 2010, and the company’s headquarters moved to Oklahoma City in 2012.As part of the acquisition deal announced Tuesday, Ergon will contribute nine asphalt terminals it currently owns plus $22.1 million in cash to Blueknight Energy Partners.The nine terminals are located in Kansas, Texas, Arizona, Alabama, Tennessee and Mississippi and together include approximately 2 million barrels of storage capacity.Once the transactions have closed, Blueknight will own a network of 54 asphalt terminals in 26 states with a combined capacity of 10.2 million barrels of asphalt and residual fuel oil storage.


$3.95 a month: The new cost for doing business in Tulsa.
If you care about business and this community, it's a small price to pay to be in the know. For a limited time, get a digital subscription for just $3.95 a month. Sign up now at tulsaworld.com/subscribe.
In return for the terminals and cash, Ergon will receive total consideration of approximately $130.9 million of preferred units and will acquire an aggregate of $5 million of common units for cash.Blueknight Energy Partners has also agreed to a $95.3 million repurchase of the majority of the Series A preferred units currently controlled by Vitol and Charlesbank.Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions Chairman Bill Lampton said in a statement that Ergon has had a long-term desire to help build a world-class midstream master limited partnership and believes its investment in Blueknight will help achieve that goal.Lampton said the company has also identified two additional terminals that may be dropped into Blueknight over the next couple of years.“We believe that we are an ideal sponsor to help support and facilitate the growth of Blueknight through our experience in the ownership of pipelines, terminalling and storage facilities and other similar assets,” Lampton said. “We expect Blueknight to be a growth vehicle on its own with support from Ergon.”





















































Tags


Company


Blueknight Energy Partners Lp


Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions Inc.


Businesshomepage3


Ergon Inc.


Vicksburg Mississippi


Semgroup


Blueknight Gp Holding Llc


Ergon


Vitol


Charlesbank Capital Partners


Texas


Membership Interests


Tennessee


Kansas


Blueknight Energy Partners L.p.


Residual Fuel Oil Storage


Partner


Ceo


Transportation


Chairman


Alabama


Blueknight Energy Partners G.p. Llc


Ergon Asphalt Emulsions Inc.


Mark Hurley


Tulsa


Oklahoma City


Semgroup Lp


Mississippi


Bill Lampton


Arizona


Midstream Energy


Crude Oil Storage


Asphalt Product


Vitol Holding B.v.









×
Post a comment as 







Emoticons 


[smile]
[beam]
[wink]
[sad]
[cool]
[innocent]
[rolleyes]
[whistling]
[lol]
[huh]
[tongue]
[love]
[sleeping]
[yawn]
[unsure]
[angry]
[blink]
[crying]
[ohmy]
[scared]
[sleep]
[sneaky]
[tongue_smile]
[thumbdown]
[thumbup]
[censored]
[happybirthday]
[ban]
[spam]
[offtopic]
[batman]
[ninja]
[pirate]
[alien]



Comment Text





Cancel


Post comment













×
Report








Cancel


Report Abuse
















×

Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.








                            Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion
                        

                            Notifications from this discussion will be disabled.
                        



Cancel



Start watching
Stop watching












 (0) comments 
                            
                        





Welcome to the discussion.


Log In



The Tulsa World requires that you use your real first and last name
on your account, which will appear next to your comments. If you
see a questionable comment or a fake name, click the report button
next to the comment. Review the guidelines to post
comments.



Post a comment



Watch this discussion.
Stop watching this discussion.


















                
                Latest Headlines
                
            






        

        
        Man stabbed in chest late Monday night in north Tulsa, police say



        

        
        Woman shoots at prowler in midtown after hammer thrown at resident



        

        
        Garfield County Sheriff Jerry Niles charged with second-degree manslaughter in inmate's death



        

        
        Man charged in meth-fueled stabbing of on-and-off boyfriend



        

        
        Rep. Markwayne Mullin says progress in House overshadowed by health care debate



        

        
        Department of Corrections developing community release program with eye on easing overcrowding



        

        
        Former Tulsa County DA confirms involvement in felony case against great-grandson of Rhema Bible College founder



        

        
        Board of Adjustment denies special exception for bed and breakfast in Maple Ridge



        

        
        Photo gallery: Making learning fun at Camp Woolaroc



        

        
        Humane Society of Tulsa seeks donations to replace oft-broken cooling unit to keep Bixby shelter fully operational






                
                Latest News
                
            






        

        
        Man stabbed in chest late Monday night in north Tulsa, police say



        

        
        Woman shoots at prowler in midtown after hammer thrown at resident



        

        
        Garfield County Sheriff Jerry Niles charged with second-degree manslaughter in inmate's death



        

        
        Man charged in meth-fueled stabbing of on-and-off boyfriend



        

        
        Rep. Markwayne Mullin says progress in House overshadowed by health care debate



        

        
        Department of Corrections developing community release program with eye on easing overcrowding



        

        
        Former Tulsa County DA confirms involvement in felony case against great-grandson of Rhema Bible College founder



        

        
        Board of Adjustment denies special exception for bed and breakfast in Maple Ridge



        

        
        Photo gallery: Making learning fun at Camp Woolaroc



        

        
        Humane Society of Tulsa seeks donations to replace oft-broken cooling unit to keep Bixby shelter fully operational







                
                Most Popular
                
            







        

        
        Throwback Tulsa: A house in Tulsa may have roots in Frank Lloyd Wright’s personal tragedy



        

        
        Hundreds attend vigil as soccer community mourns four killed in car crash



        

        
        Tulsa doctor's license suspended for 12 months after allegations of faulty cosmetic procedures



        

        
        After 30 years, Rev. Willie George of Church on the Move to pass the torch to son



        

        
        Rogers County Sheriff Scott Walton calls out Tulsa County DA, Tulsa police chief in open letter on Facebook











                
                Jobs and Work Advice
                
            




















        

        
        How To Accept A Job Offer Like a Boss













































        

        
        How to Answer the “What is Your Current Salary?” Question in an Interview













































        

        
        7 Strategies for Women Who Want to be the Boss at Work













































        

        
        Top Opportunities in the Online Retail Revolution













































        

        
        Need a Job? These 10 Fields Are Hiring Like Crazy













































        

        
        7 Warning Signs Your Talent Is Being Wasted at Work













































        

        
        The 5 Types of Interview Outfits That Will Get You Hired













































        

        
        How to Criticize Your Boss Without Losing Your Job













































        

        
        How to Become a Nursing Assistant













































        

        
        WARNING: 8 Signs Your Job Interview is Scam













































        

        
        The 10 Best Places For Dads to Work in 2017













































        

        
        Why You’re Not Getting Paid More Money













































        

        
        10 Super Weird College Majors You’ve Never Heard Of













































        

        
        How to Decline a Job Offer With Class













































        

        
        How to Use Google to Create a Winning Resume













































        

        
        The Best States for Working Moms













































        

        
        6 Reasons Why Your Company Is Not Your Friend













































        

        
        8 Signs You Need To Get Out of Corporate America













































        

        
        How to Overcome Insecurity in the Workplace













































        

        
        8 Ways to Make a Terrible First Impression













































        

        
        9 Reasons You Might Be Failing at Your Career—And How to Fix It













































        

        
        6 Common Negative Thoughts And How To Combat Them













































        

        
        6 To-Do Lists to Get Your Life in Order













































        

        
        8 Interview Strategies for Introverts













































        

        
        Ask Yourself: Are You Happy In Your Current Job?













































        

        
        How to Become a Technical Support Engineer













































        

        
        How to Use Pinterest for Your Job Search













































        

        
        The Best and Worst States to Make a Living













































        

        
        How To Handle Gossip About a Coworker













































        

        
        What You Need to Know About Returning To Work After Having a Baby













































        

        
        5 Ways to Use Snapchat in Your Job Search













































        

        
        Top 5 Best Pieces of Advice from Elon Musk













































        

        
        10 Useful Apps You’re Not Using That You Need to Download













































        

        
        6 Steps to Surviving a Job as a Night Shift Nurse













































        

        
        10 Companies Where Part-Time Jobs Can Mean Full-Time Benefits













































        

        
        10 Unprofessional Habits That Could Get You Fired













































        

        
        Optimize Your Resume for an 8-Second Skim













































        

        
        7 Work From Home Jobs You NEED to Avoid













































        

        
        How to Become a Paraprofessional













































        

        
        10 Things You Shouldn’t Do When You’re Broke













































        

        
        9 Super-Tricky Job Interview Questions and How to Answer Them













































        

        
        7 Ways You’re Messing Up Your 401k













































        

        
        How to Control Your Bad Temper Before You Explode at Work













































        

        
        How To Find A Job In Another State













































        

        
        10 Practical Steps to Help You Retire as a Millionaire













































        

        
        Why You Need To Limit Your Social Media Use













































        

        
        8 Reasons No One Will Hire You













































        

        
        10 Top Companies Hiring Part-Time Workers Right Now













































        

        
        10 Traits That Will Kill Your Career













































        

        
        9 Huge Mistakes You’re Making When Negotiating Salary






































                
                Today's ePaper
                
                    





















        

        
        e-Edition




Make changes to your subscription
Log in to your account
Video an ePaper demo
Subscribe for unlimited digital access


















                
                Stocks
                
                    



































© Copyright 2017 TulsaWorld.com, 315 S. Boulder Ave.  Tulsa, OK | Terms of Use
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.






























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Blueknight Energy Partners L.P. L.L.C. (BKEP) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      Blueknight Energy Partners L.P., L.L.C. (BKEP)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $7.2
                  (19%  upside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    100%
                  

                of 1 analyst


                    Latest:     D.A. Davidson | buy | $7.2  | 
                                              10/07
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for BKEP  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)














