


Blue Clay | Investment Team
























 

 








INVESTMENT TEAM
Gary Kohler
Chief Investment Officer / Portfolio Manager
Gary Kohler has more than 30 years of investment experience managing both family office and hedge fund assets. Before founding Blue Clay in 2012, Gary was a Partner and Portfolio Manager at Whitebox Advisors and a Vice President and Portfolio Manager at Okabena Company. Gary has an MBA from the Johnson School at Cornell University and a BS in Psychology from the University of Minnesota.
 
David Woodis
Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer
David Woodis has more than 20 years experience in financial accounting and operations management for investment advisers, the last 17+ years with private investment fund advisers. Prior to joining Blue Clay, David was CFO and CCO of Interlachen Capital Group, Head of Operations at RedSky Partners, Director of Operations at Jundt Associates and held fund accounting management positions at Voyageur Asset Management and Piper Capital. David earned a BA in Finance and Accounting from Bethel University.  
 
 

 















 

Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/174930-blue-clay-capital-partners-co-iii-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=174930  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp gets funded!Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesMinnesotaMinneapolisIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 10th, 2014$1,200,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp gets funded?Key people-- Blue Clay Capital Management, LLCExecutive Officer, PromoterBrian DurstExecutive OfficerGary KohlerExecutive OfficerAdam WrightExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Blue Clay | About
























 

 








ABOUT
Experience That Counts
Blue Clay’s Chief Investment Officer Gary Kohler has more than 30 years of investment experience ranging from managing Blue Clay’s alternative and long only portfolios, to managing family office assets at Okabena & Company, and hedge fund assets at Whitebox Advisors. Much of Mr. Kohler’s career has been focused on the small-cap equity markets covering many business cycles.
 
Fundamental Investors
Our investment theses are based on long-term business fundamentals and not the "quarter." Through fundamental valuation analysis we discover companies where the markets have mispriced underlying returns on capital, cash flows or growth opportunities. We apply our fundamental approach to the small- and mid-cap universe where we find greater market inefficiencies and more undiscovered opportunities.
 
Focus on Capital Preservation
We seek to generate equity returns while at the same time preserving capital. A focus on capital preservation drives portfolio construction and individual position decisions. Blue Clay utilizes a diversified portfolio construction to manage overall direction and net exposures with conservative application of leverage.
 
 

 


























 







Blue Clay Capital Partners CO III LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Blue Clay Capital Management, Llc  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Blue Clay Capital Partners CO III LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    Blue Clay Capital Management, Llc 800 Nicollet Mall, Suite 2870 
    Minneapolis, MN, 55402Phone: 612-200-1747 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-09


Amended


$19,700,000


$400,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-11-10


Amended


$19,300,000


$18,100,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-11-10


New


$1,200,000


$1,200,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Blue Clay Capital Management, Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Brian Durst 
 Executive 


 Gary Kohler 
 Executive 


 Adam Wright 
 Executive 










 

Adam Wright's involvement in venture capital (via Fanzy, Blue Clay Capital Partners Lp, Blue Clay Capital Partners Co I Lp, Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Ii Lp, Hawkes Ocean Technologies, Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/133315-wright-adamsection=people&subsection=detail&id=133315




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


AdamWrightGet alertedif Adam Wright gets funded!Adam WrightFanzy - Senior VP of SalesBlue Clay Capital Partners Lp - Executive OfficerBlue Clay Capital Partners Co I Lp - Executive OfficerBlue Clay Capital Partners Co Ii Lp - Executive OfficerHawkes Ocean Technologies - Director, Executive OfficerBlue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp - Executive OfficerDeals involving Adam Wright$1,500,000 raised with Fanzy on March, 2013$12,225,000 raised with Blue Clay Capital Partners Lp on March, 2013$2,325,000 raised with Blue Clay Capital Partners Lp on March, 2012$1,175,000 raised with Blue Clay Capital Partners Co I Lp on February, 2013$3,250,000 raised with Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Ii Lp on March, 2014Undisclosed raised with Hawkes Ocean Technologies on July, 2014$1,200,000 raised with Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp on November, 2014Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Adam Wright on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!




Clients - PLG













































































312-957-7757
info@plgconsulting.com


Search for:






Click to Buy Now



 


Home » Clients


Clients


Bulk Commodities
AMCOL International
Americas Styrenics , LLC
Aux Sable
Bamberger Polymers, Inc.
Basell USA Inc.
Brownwood Clay Holdings
Carmel Olefins, Ltd.
Carbo Ceramics
Celanese
ChevronPhillips Chemical Co., LP
DAK Americas, LLC
Dow Chemical
Eastman Chemical Company
Entec
Evonik Degussa
ExxonMobil
H. Muehlstein & Co.
Huntsman
Iowa Fertilizer Corporation
ITS
Jordan Sands, LLC
Lansing Trade Group
Lyondell Chemical Company
M. Holland Company
Mississippi Lime Company
Mitsui
Noble Americas Corporation
Nufarm Americas Inc.
OCTAL Petrochemical FZC
Osterman & Co.
PVS Chemicals, Inc
Rohm & Haas
Reagent Chemicals
RheTech, Inc
SABIC
Saint Gobain
Saskatchewan Minerals, Inc.
Saudi National Methanol
Shell
SK
Solvay CHEMICALS Inc.
Styrolution America
Suntory Business Expert Ltd.
Teknor Apex Company
Ticona
Total Petrochemicals USA, Inc
Wellman
Westlake Group
Wisconsin Northern White Sands


Energy
Acciona Windpower
Advance Lubrication Specialties
AES
American Petroleum Institute (API)
Aux Sable Liquid Products, LP
British Petroleum
CARBO Ceramics, Inc
Chieftain Sand & Proppant, LLC
Coffeyville Resources Crude Transportation
CVR Refining, LP
Dakota Plains Holdings, Inc
Delta Air Lines, Inc
Enbridge, Inc
Energy Information Agency (EIA)
FTS International
Gamesa Wind US
Global Shipping Solutions, LLC
Hunt Refining Company
Iberdrola Renewables
Inter Pipeline Ltd
Logistics Support Services
Mainstream Renewable Power
Navigator Gas
Performance Technologies, LLC
Power Company of Wyoming
Rangeland New Mexico
RBN Energy, LLC
T&J Marketing Services
US Development Group
Manufacturing
AW Chesterton
Bobrick Washroom Equipment, Inc.
Color Caulk, Inc.
DMI Industries
Essar Steel Minnesota, LLC
FlexSteel Pipeline Technologies, Inc.
Guardian Industries Corp.
GSE Lining Technologies, Inc.
ITW Signode
LM Windpower
Marmon Energy Services
National Steel Car, Ltd.
Northern Power Systems
Watts Water Technologies, Inc.
Union Tank Car Co


Investment Strategy & Private Equity
Alix Partners
Anchorage Capital Group
Alpine Management Services
Aurora Management Partners, LLC
Barclays Bank, PLC
BMO Capital Markets
Carlyle Group
CenterPoint Properties Trust
EQT Infrastructure
FourFront Capital
GenNx360 Management Company LLC
Globalvia Inversiones, S.A.U.
Greenbriar Equity Group
Goldman Sachs
Hazelwood Energy Hub
Highlander Partners, L.P.
Infinity Transportation III, LLC
Macquarie Infrastructure Partners III
Mitsubishi UFJ Lease & Finance Co. Ltd
Onex Partners Advisor LP
Park Presidio Capital
Quintana Energy Partners
Sheffield Asset Management, LLC
The Gores Group, LLC
Townsend Group
Turning Point Strategies
Warburg Pincus, LLC
Viking Global Investors
Transportation, Logistics, Assets
American Railcar Leasing LLC
ATS International
Canadian National
CIT
CLX Logistics, LLC
Continental Intermodal Group
CRU Logistics LLC
FourFront Capital
Full Circle Group
GE Capital Rail Services
Genessee & Wyoming, Inc
Greenbrier Companies, Inc.
Metropolitan Stevedore Company
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Quality Distribution, Inc
Savage Services Corp.
TransGroup Worldwide Logistics
Trinity Rail Group LLC
Village of Mukwonago
Wells Fargo Rail
Westway Group, LLC










Rail Transportation and Logistics









Energy and Chemical









Logistics Infrastructure Design









Investment Strategy










Experience · Expertise · Excellence





Services
Logistics Services

Diagnostic Assessments and Benchmarking
Network Optimization
Procurement Negotiation
Technology Assessments and Implementation
Site Selection


Engineering Services

Site Selection and Conceptual Development
Industrial Rail Design
Mechanical/Electrical Design and Fabrication
Construction Management Services


Supply Chain Services

Integrated Supply Chain Assessment
Continuous Improvement (CI) – Lean and Six Sigma
Quality Management Systems
Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP) Process Improvement
Strategic Sourcing Implementation
Supply Chain Systems Technology


 

Practice Areas
Logistics Practice Areas

Operations
Transportation
Warehousing/Terminals
Fleet Assets
Environmental, Health, Safety, and Security (EHS&S)


Engineering Practice Areas

Logistics Infrastructure Design
Industrial Rail Design
Dry Bulk Material Handling System Design
Full Service Petrochemical Engineering
Product Silos/Storage


Supply Chain Practice Areas

Supply Chain Planning and Execution
Procurement
Quality Management
Supplier Quality Management


 

Industry Sectors
Energy

Oil and Gas
Renewable Fuels
Wind Energy
Coal and Petcoke


Bulk Commodities

Agricultural Products and Fertilizers
Chemicals and Polymers
Sand and Proppants


Investment Advisory

Investment Strategy Development
Market Analysis and Target Identification
Due Diligence
Post-Transaction Transitional and Operational Support


 






Clients
Bulk Commodities Clients
Energy Clients
Investment Advisory Clients
Manufacturing Clients
 

Resources
Case Studies
Presentations
 

Info
News
Leadership
Team
Join the Team
Contact Us
Consulting Inquiries
 


2 N Lasalle Street 14th Floor, Chicago, IL  60602 USA
Phone: 312-957-7757
Email: info@plgconsulting.com
 







© 2015 plgconsulting. All rights reserved.
Legal
Privacy
Cookies














Investment Criteria  |  C3 Capital Partners, LP
























Investor Login







Investment Criteria
Investment Structure
Portfolio
Team
Contact
 




Industry
Targeted industries include chemicals, energy, business services, distribution, and niche manufacturing.  We do not invest in real estate, mineral exploration, financial institutions or businesses involving significant bet on the evolution of specific technologies or with high risk of technological obsolescence
 
Geography
Focus on the Midwest, South, and Southwest, but actively pursue investments nationally
 
Sponsorship
Will invest in unsponsored transactions. Will co-invest with other funds
 
Control
Generally do not seek a controlling interest






Investment Criteria

Stage of Development
Established businesses with history of profitability. Will not invest in early stage businesses or in turnarounds
 
Company Size
Earnings before interest and taxes of at least $1.5 million
 
Management
Must have strong track record and be in place or already identified as part of an acquisition.  Meaningful ownership stakes and appropriate incentives are important
 
Investment Purpose
• Growth Capital
• Strategic Acquisitions
• Ownership Transitions
• Recapitalizations





© 2017 C3 Capital Partners, LP. All Rights Reserved.
 SITE DESIGN BY INDICIA 
  


HOME  |  OVERVIEW  |  HISTORY  |  INVESTMENT CRITERIA  |  INVESTMENT STRUCTURE  |  PORTFOLIO   |  TEAM  |  CONTACT  |  INVESTOR LOGIN



Legal Disclaimer
The information contained on C3 Capital's website pages is for information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or an offer to sell products or services of C3 Capital and/or its subsidiaries. The products and services of C3 Capital and/or its subsidiaries are only offered in jurisdictions where they may be lawfully offered for sale and are subject to applicable agreements. Although C3 Capital believes the information on this Website to be correct and attempt to keep the information current, C3 Capital does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of any information. Information on this Website is not intended to provide financial, legal, accounting, or tax advice and should not be relied upon in that regard. C3 Capital and/or its subsidiaries are not responsible in any manner whatsoever for direct, indirect, special or consequential damages, howsoever caused, arising out of the use of this Website. 


















Home Page | Blue Point Capital

















































 







 











 



 








Blue Point is more than a private equity firm.
We use the word Partners in our name for a reason. We form a strong connection with the managers and entrepreneurs that we partner with, and leverage our unique capabilities and experience to help businesses grow.
 

Recent News
Fire & Life Safety America – Our Newest Platform
Safety-related services is an arena we know well, and we’re excited about our new partnership with this provider of maintenance and installation services for essential fire suppression systems.
Learn more about the business  


Value-Added Partner
Blue Point Data & Digital
We’re hard at work helping our management teams better leverage their data and take advantage of digital marketing and e-commerce.
Learn more 

 



how we invest
We help strong management teams running industry-leading middle market businesses build the processes and capabilities to manage dramatic growth.

											Read More
					 



Supporting management's vision for growth at Trademark Global
Our partnership with this team led to capability expansion, a doubling of EBITDA in three years and a successful outcome.
Read More 





bringing our toolkit
We’re really proud of our track record of bringing unique and effective operating resources to our partnerships with management teams.

											Read More
					 



Value-Added Partner to GESCO
We have a collaborative partnership with GESCO, working with the team to build a China-based supply chain team, leading data capabilities and an M&A program.
Read More 





we're locals
With U.S. offices in the Midwest, Southeast and West Coast, our geographical footprint and extensive network help us work more closely with our portfolio companies.

											Read More
					 



Our investment in Alco is the result of a 10 year relationship
Nearly half of the BPCP II portfolio is within driving distance of a Blue Point office. Alco is an example of where our local presence led to a partnership.
Read More 





globalizing the middle market
Our unique capabilities and team in China create value and opportunity for our North American middle market portfolio companies.

											Read More
					 



Creating Value via Asian Markets
With 12 years in China under our belt, we’re proud of our team in Shanghai and the results they’ve helped our management teams achieve.
Read More 





data & digital capabilities 
There may be no better value lever for mid-sized companies than improving how they use data and take advantage of e-commerce. We’re helping them do just that.

											Read More
					 



Pricing Optimization
We work on multiple fronts to make our companies’ data capabilities best-in-class, including building value by pricing more analytically and strategically.
Read More 





we’ve seen it all
If you want to diligence how a PE firm behaves as partners with its companies, look at how they are as colleagues. We’ve worked together for nearly 20 years.

											Read More
					 



Meet Our Team
Get to know our Blue Point team members based in Cleveland, Charlotte, Seattle and Shanghai.
Read More 




more than a portfolio, partners










































































































 

 



 



Capital Partners | Private Equity Investments 



































Capital Partners is a differentiated private equity investor focused on building and growing private companies with business owners.











LOW LEVERAGE approach

Capitalize our businesses with 60%-100% equity
Single debt class with long amortization,  flexible covenants and low interest rates
Moderates lender covenant pressure
Provides management with the flexibility to  pursue acquisitions and fund capital expansion 





HIGHER-EQUITY, LONGER TERM investment horizon

Partner with business owners and management teams for longer term  value creation
Target investment period of five to ten years





CURRENT INCOME IN ADDITION TO LONGER-TERM EQUITY GAINS

Provides business owners and management teams a quarterly cash distribution on their investment in addition to opportunity to participate in future equity gains

Current cash yield supports longer-term investment approach






Partnership and              INCENTIVE ALIGNMENT

We invest on the same terms as business owners and managers

Augment direct management ownership with equity incentives to provide opportunity to participate further in current income and capital appreciation to more deeply align interests









Low leverageapproach
Long-terminvestment horizon
Currentincome focus
Partnership andincentive alignment






 
 
 
 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














blue clay capital partners - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Capital Blue - Find It here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Capital Blue/​Now



Find Capital Blue Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Searches related toblue clay capital partners



blue clay capital


blue road capital partners


blue clay capital management



partners capital inc


capital partners llc


red clay capital




Web Results

Blue Clay | Homepage

www.blueclaycapital.com


Blue Clay Capital is an investment management firm with an experienced team focused on small- and mid-cap publicly-traded securities.



Investment Team



Terms & Privacy Policy



About



Contact Us



Investors



Blue Clay Capital Partners LP - Wilmington DE - Bizapedia

https://www.bizapedia.com/us/blue-clay-capital-partners-lp.html


There are 2 companies that go by the name of Blue Clay Capital Partners LP in Wilmington DE


Blue Clay Capital Partners LP Form D filed January 27, 2017

form-d.findthecompany.com/l/347969/Blue-Clay-Capital-Partners-LP


Research private fundraising by Blue Clay Capital Partners LP. Find the details of their January 27, 2017 Form D filing and compare it to their past filings.


Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp - Funding history ...

www.whogotfunded.com/.../174930-blue-clay-capital-partners-co-iii-lp


Details on Blue Clay Capital Partners Co Iii Lp: funding history, funding news, description, investors and more.


Blue Clay Capital Partners LP in Minnesota | Company Info ...

https://www.bizapedia.com/mn/blue-clay-capital-partners-lp.html


Discover Company Info on Blue Clay Capital Partners LP in Minnesota, such as Contacts, Addresses, Reviews, and Registered Agent.


SECGems: Blue Clay Capital Partners LP

secgems.com/c/0001544865/blue-clay-capital-partners-lp


Learn up to the minute information about Blue Clay Capital Partners LP - including connections with people/companies, SEC filings (including ownership and fundraising ...


Blue Clay Capital Partners LP - Pooled Investment Fund ...

www.formds.com/issuers/blue-clay-capital-partners-lp


Blue Clay Capital Management, Llc 5000 West 36 Th Street, Suite 115 Minneapolis, MN, 55416 Phone: 612-200-1740


Blue Clay Capital - HedgeFundJobList

https://hedgefundjoblist.com/blue-clay-capital


Blue Clay Capital is a hedge fund management company based in Minneapolis, MN and has approximately $39.5 million in assets under management. View email, AUM...


Blue Clay Capital Management, LLC: CEO and Executives ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/people.asp?...


Get to know Blue Clay Capital Management, LLC CEO & other corporate executives. Learn about the Board of Directors, Executive Committees and CEO compensation in this ...










Capital Blue - Find It here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Capital Blue/​Now



Find Capital Blue Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances




Searches related toblue clay capital partners



blue clay capital


blue road capital partners


blue clay capital management



partners capital inc


capital partners llc


red clay capital




12345Next






Answers







Partners Capital



Partners Capital Investment Group, LLC is an Outsourced Investment Office (OCIO) that serves endowments, foundations, pensions, investment...

more






Sun Capital Partners



Sun Capital Partners, Inc. is an American privately held global investment firm focused on leveraged buyouts, equity, debt, and other investments. The...

more






Highland Capital Partners



Highland Capital Partners is a global venture capital firm with offices in Silicon Valley, Boston and Shanghai. Highland has raised over $3 billion in...

more










blue clay capital partners News






Missouri’s Hartzler and Clay partner to battle human trafficking



KREI 800 - Farmington MO Front Page

 - Jul 24


A St. Louis Congressman says Missouri ranks 17th in the nation in reported human trafficking cases. U.S. Rep. William “Lacy” Clay (D-St. Louis) is a co-sponsor of U.S. Rep. Vicky Hartzler’s...

more





Blue Capital : Dividend Announcement



FE Investegate.co.uk Company...

 - Jul 19


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, sets out the...

more





PPB Capital Partners Serves as Strategic Partner for Fundamental...



Business

 - Jul 19


“We were proud to partner with Fundamental during this fundraise. Fundamental has a compelling control-oriented investment strategy, as well as a proven record of delivering consistent returns.”...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













lp capital partners - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Capital Partners - Search for Capital Partners.



Ad
 ·
CanDoFinance.com/​Capital Partners



Search for Capital Partners. Related Articles on CanDoFinance.




Capital Partners - Capital Partners.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Partners



Capital Partners. Visit Today & Find More Results.




Capital - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Capital/​Now



Find Capital Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances
















Resilience Capital Partners




Resilience Fund LP (2002) The Resilience Fund II LP (2006) The Resilience Fund III LP (2012), Resilience Capital Partners currently has capital under

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

CAPITAL PRODUCT PARTNERS LP CPLP - AOL.com

https://www.aol.com/.../nasdaq/capital-product-partners-lp-cplp


View the basic CPLP stock information on AOL Finance and compare CAPITAL-PRODUCT-PARTNERS-LP against other companies


GSO Capital Partners LP's Second Capital Solutions Fund ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2013/09/03/gso-capital-partners-lps...


GSO Capital Partners LP's Second Capital Solutions Fund Closes on $5 Billion of Commitments NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- GSO Capital Partners LP ("GSO" ...


KPS Capital Partners To Acquire DexKo Global - Autoblog

www.autoblog.com/.../kps-capital-partners-to-acquire-dexko-global_6722


NEW YORK, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- KPS Capital Partners, LP ("KPS") announced today that, through a newly formed affiliate, it has signed a definitive a


Palamon Capital Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Palamon_Capital_Partners


Palamon Capital Partners is a London-based private equity firm. It was founded in 1999, and is headquartered at Cleveland House, 33 King Street in London's St James's ...


APriori Capital Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/DLJ_Merchant_Banking_Partners


Six years after its previous fund, in 2006, the firm was able to raise $2.1 billion in investor commitments for DLJ Merchant Banking Partners IV, LP—more than ...


KPS Capital Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/KPS_Capital


KPS Capital Partners is an American investment company that manages KPS Special Situation Funds that in turn controls private equity limited funds.


Regulators hot on Burger King Buyout | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/dan-dorfman/regulators-probe-burger-k_b...


Regulators hot on Burger King Buyout. ... 3G Capital, for $4 billion or $ ... They are affiliates of TPG Capital LP, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners and ...


Bain Capital Among Private Equity Firms Probed Over Tax ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/09/01/bain-investigation-private...


Bain Capital Among Private Equity Firms Probed Over Tax Strategy. 12k ... Co LP, TPG Capital LP, Apollo Global Management LLC and Silver Lake Partners LP, ...


Farmers National Banc Corp. Supports $175 Million Private ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/09/05/farmers-national...


F.N.B. Capital Partners, LP is a pooled fund of committed capital licensed by the Small Business Administration as a Small Business Investment Company (SBIC) Fund.


SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/05/13/shareholder-alert-levi-korsinsky...


SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces Investigation into Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duty by the Board of True Religion Apparel, Inc. in Connection ...










Capital Partners - Search for Capital Partners.



Ad
 ·
CanDoFinance.com/​Capital Partners



Search for Capital Partners. Related Articles on CanDoFinance.




Capital Partners - Capital Partners.



Ad
 ·
Simpli.com/​Capital Partners



Capital Partners. Visit Today & Find More Results.




Capital - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Capital/​Now



Find Capital Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related tolp capital partners



capital products partners


capital product partners k1


cyrus capital partners lp


atlas resource partners k 1



capital partners


century capital partners


capital product partners news


capital product partners lp




12345Next

Related Searches



capital products partners


capital product partners k1


cyrus capital partners lp


atlas resource partners k 1


capital partners


century capital partners


capital product partners news


capital product partners lp




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








