




James J. Bochnowski - Founder at Delphi Ventures, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





James J. Bochnowski
Founder at Delphi Ventures, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Investments Public Holdings 


James J. Bochnowski
Founder at Delphi Ventures, Inc.



 Overview



Age



73
                                  (Born 1944)
                                              




Notable Companies


Shugart Associates

Delphi Ventures, Inc.

TVI Management




Board Seats



27





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 902 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
August 21, 2015





                        Batteroo Names Three New Members to its Board of DirectorsExperienced leadership set to help govern company as it readies Batteriser for market                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Deepa R. Pakianathan

Executive Vice Chair at San Francisco Conservatory of Music




David L. Douglass

Managing Member at Delphi Management Partners VII LLC





Robert Rosenbluth

Co-Founder at Inceptus Medical LLC




Richard Cappetta

President & Chief Executive Officer at MicroVention, Inc.





William R. Hughes

Chief Operating Officer & Treasurer at MicroVention, Inc.




Matthew Potter

Chief Financial Officer at Delphi Management Partners VII LLC





James K. Kirchner

President & Chief Executive Officer at SynergEyes, Inc.




Douglas A. Roeder

Managing Partner at Delphi Ventures, Inc.





Rudy Mazzocchi

Chief Executive Officer at Elenza, Inc.




Nimesh Shah

Chief Business Officer at Fractyl Laboratories, Inc.







See 892 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 892 More 


 


 Paths to James J. Bochnowski



            James J. Bochnowski          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 James J. Bochnowski






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with James J. Bochnowski.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



B.S. Aeronautics & Astronautics 


Massachusetts Institute of Technology

                  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a private research university located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States. MIT has five schools and one college, containing a total of 32 academic departments, with a strong emphasis on scientific, engineering, and technological education and research. Founded in 1861 in response to the increasing industrialization of the United States, the institute used a polytechnic university model and stressed laboratory instruction. MIT was elected to the Association of American Universities in 1934.                




MBA with Distinction 


Harvard University - Harvard Business School

                  Harvard Business School (HBS) is the graduate business school of Harvard University in Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The school offers a large full-time MBA program, doctoral programs, and many executive education programs. It owns Harvard Business School Publishing, which publishes business books, leadership articles, online management tools for corporate learning, case studies, and the monthly Harvard Business Review.                





 Career History



Founder

                                    Current                


Delphi Ventures, Inc.


                  Delphi Ventures focuses on investments in early-stage healthcare companies including medical devices and diagnostics, biotechnology and healthcare services. They look for companies with a proprietary technology or business concept that can yield a sustained competitive advantage in a large market, outstanding people and the potential to generate significant average annualized returns.Delphi prefers to be active in their investments, taking board seats and working closely with their companies' management teams. They provide capital, contacts and leadership. While most of the firm's investments are in the Western US, they are willing to invest anywhere in the US under the proper circumstances.                




Managing Member

                                    2005 - Current                


Delphi Management Partners VII LLC






Member, Health Policy & Management Executive Council

                                    Current                


Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health


                  The Harvard School of Public Health (HSPH) is one of the professional graduate schools of Harvard University, located in the Longwood Area of Boston, Massachusetts neighborhood of Mission Hill, which is next to Harvard Medical School. HSPH is considered a significant school focusing on health in the United States. Harvard School of Public Health grew out of the Harvard-MIT School for Health Officers, the nation's first graduate training program in population health, which was founded in 1913 and became Harvard School of Public Health in 1922. Julio Frenk, the Minister of Health of Mexico from 2000 to 2006 and a former executive director of the World Health Organization (WHO), became the new dean of HSPH in January 2009.                




Advisor

                                    Current                


Correlation Management LLC


                  Correlation Management manages a quantitatively-based venture capital fund that employs a proprietary algorithm to passively invest in venture capital deals led by other venture capital firms.                






                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Free To Choose Network Inc


                  EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMMING                




Co-Founder

                                    1993 - Prior                


TVI Management


                  TVI Management is an American private company located in Menlo Park, CA, that acts as an alternative investment manager. It was founded by James J. Bochnowski.                




President & Chief Executive Officer

                                    1976 - 1980                


Shugart Associates






General Partner

                                    1972 - 1976                


Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp.


                  Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. was a Delaware corporation registered with the SEC as a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 15(b) of the Exchange Act. In November 2000, a parent company of Credit Suisse First Boston LLC acquired the parent company of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.                




General Partner

                                    1972 - 1976                


Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette, Inc.


                  Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette or DLJ is a defunct U.S. investment bank founded by William H. Donaldson, Richard Jenrette and Dan Lufkin in 1959. Its businesses included securities underwriting; sales and trading; investment and merchant banking; financial advisory services; investment research; venture capital; correspondent brokerage services; online, interactive brokerage services; and asset management.

In August 2000, DLJ (which was majority owned by AXA Financial) announced that it was being bought by Credit Suisse.[1][dead link] The firm was headquartered at 277 Park Avenue in New York City and employed 11,300 people as of July 2000.                




Army Officer & Missile Systems Engineer

                                    Prior                


United States Army


                  The United States Army (USA) is the main branch of the United States Armed Forces responsible for land-based military operations. It is the largest and oldest established branch of the U.S. military, and is one of seven U.S. uniformed services.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Board Observer, Board of Directors

                    2015 - Current                  


Batteroo, Inc.






Chairman of the Board

                    2014 - Current                  


Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.

                    Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals. Its product, Canalevia, is the company's prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of various forms diarrhea in dogs. It also developed its non-prescription product, Neonorm Calf, which helps dairies and beef farms proactively retain fluid in calves. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte on June 6, 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2013 - Current                  


Terrajoule Corp.

                    Terrajoule Corp. provides energy storage solutions. It distributes solar energy with proprietary power and storage technology. The firm develops applications in the industrial and agricultural sectors. The company was founded by Stephen James Bisset, Robert Charles Mierisch, and David Henkel-Wallace in 2009 and is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Sequent Medical, Inc.

                    Sequent Medical, Inc. operates as a medical device company which develops catheter-based neurovascular technologies. It developed the proprietary microbraid technology to create the web aneurysm embolization system, a compelling and versatile new option for the treatment of both ruptured and unruptured aneurysms. The firm’s products provides dense surface over the aneurysm neck designed to allow endothelial cells to bridge the neck and support vessel wall reconstruction. The company was founded in August 2007 by Robert F. Rosenbluth and Brian J. Cox and is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


MicroVention, Inc.

                    Microvention, Inc. develops and markets medical devices for the treatment of vascular diseases. Its products include platinum and hydrogel coils, V-trak system, access products, and intraluminal devices. The company was founded by Robert F. Rosenbluth in April 1997 and is headquartered in Tustin, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Galderma Pharma SA

                    Galderma Pharma SA discovers, develops, and markets therapeutic, corrective, and aesthetic solutions. It offers drugs, medical dermatology solutions, and therapeutic skin care products for treating hair, nail, and skin diseases. The company was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland.                  




Director

                    Current                  


SynergEyes, Inc.

                    SynergEyes, Inc. develops, manufactures, and sells contact lenses. It offers hybrid contact lenses that transform vision for patients with astigmatism, presbyopia, and irregular cornea conditions. The company was founded by Jerome Legerton, Ali Dahi, Barry Chen, and Joe Collins in 2001 and is headquartered in Carlsbad, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Niveus Medical, Inc.

                    Niveus Medical, Inc. provides stimulation to quadriceps. It indicates for relaxation of muscle spasms, muscle re-education of the quadriceps and increasing local blood circulation. The company was founded by Brian Fahey on October 8, 2008 and is headquartered in Redwood City, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

                    CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. develops and markets innovative medical therapies to the dental and dermatology market. The company was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Newtown, PA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Micro Interventional Systems, Inc.

                    Micro Interventional Systems, Inc. designs and manufactures medical devices. It develops catheters for interventional neuroradiology. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Integrated Vascular Systems, Inc.

                    Integrated Vascular Systems, Inc., part of Abbott Laboratories, is an American company located in Santa Clara, CA, that manufactures novel vessel closure products. It was founded by Steve Salmon and Rich M. Ferrari. Integrated Vascular Systems, Inc. was acquired by Abbott Laboratories on 26 Sep 03 for $65 million.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


ImmuLogic Pharmaceutical Corp.

                    ImmuLogic Pharmaceutical Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company.The company focuses on the research and clinical development of products to treat allergies, autoimmune diseases, and vaccines for the management of drugs of abuse.It was founded on March 26, 1987 and is headquartered in Woburn, MN.                  




Director

                    Prior - 2014                  


PixelOptics, Inc.

                    PixelOptics was founded in 2005 as the world's first composite lens company. Its unique and proprietary approach to lens design combines sound lens design principles and well-known, proven lens materials to create entirely new categories of eyeglass lenses.Its objective is to bring 'transformational innovation' to the spectacle lens category and deliver significantly enhanced vision performance to eyeglass wearers worldwide. To accomplish this endeavor, they have brought together an impressive team of leading scientists, industry professionals and business leaders from around the globe to make its vision a reality. And to date, PixelOptics has registered over 300 lens-related patents and patent applications worldwide.PixelOptics lenses are marketed through traditional vision care industry channels of distribution. There is no need to purchase special equipment to process its lenses or incorporate them into their practice. With PixelOptics, everyone wins-eyeglass consumers, vision care professionals, optical dispensaries, and wholesale laboratories.                  




Director

                    Prior - 2013                  


PhotoThera, Inc.

                    PhotoThera, Inc. (Carlsbad, CA) is a privately-held medical device company that was founded by Jackson Streeter, MD. The Company is developing proprietary, noninvasive laser energy therapies that may revolutionize the clinical care and management of ischemic stroke, traumatic brain injury, global ischemia, and other conditions characterized by disturbances in cellular metabolic function.The Company's initial product, the NeuroThera Laser System, will focus on the Transcranial Laser Therapy (TLT) of acute ischemic stroke. Estimates show that, in the United States, there are more than 600,000 ischemic strokes annually, and that stroke is the leading cause of serious long-term disability.                  




Director

                    1991 - Prior                  


Natus Medical, Inc.

                    Natus Medical, Inc. engages in the development, manufacture, and trade of medical devices. Its healthcare products caters hearing diagnostics and screening, neometrics data management, jaundice management, thermoregulation, neurology and sleep diagnostics, newborn care, obstetric and vascular dopplers, and neurophysiology research. The company's  brands include Bio-logic, BrainZ, Dantec, Grass, Medix, Nicolet, Embla and Xltek. Natus Medical was founded by Maurizio Liverani, John Robert Camber Porter, William New, Jr., Brian Prinn, and William W. Moore on May 26, 1987 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, CA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Synaptics Inc.

                    Synaptics is a leading worldwide developer of custom-designed user interface solutions for mobile computing, communications and entertainment devices. Our mission is to enrich the interaction between users and their intelligent devices. Synaptics products emphasize ease of use, small size, low power consumption, advanced functionality, durability and reliability, making them applicable to a multitude of markets, including mobile phones, notebook computers, PC peripherals, and portable entertainment devices such as MP3 players.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Applied Molecular Evolution, Inc.

                    Applied Molecular Evolution, Inc. provides healthcare support services. It develops novel human biotherapeutics cytokines, hormones, and enzymes. The company was founded in 1989 by Bill Huse and is headquartered in San Diego, CA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Ascent Healthcare Solutions, Inc.

                    Ascent Healthcare Solutions, Inc. provides environmental solutions for hospitals. Its services include the reprocessing (cleaning, testing/verifying, packaging and sterilizing) and remanufacturing (disassembling, repairing, and manufacturing) delicate and costly devices that are marketed in North America as 'single use' by the original manufacturer and often needlessly thrown away. The company was founded in December 2005 and is located in Phoenix, AZ.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


ArKal Medical, Inc.

                    ArKal Medical, Inc. develops blood glucose sensors for patients with diabetes. The firm provides painless access to ISF glucose and developing a next generation continuous glucose monitoring system for the management of diabetes. It is monitoring system is designed to reduce many of the inconveniences of current continuous glucose monitoring systems. The company was founded by Arvind Jina in 2005 and is headquartered in Fremont, CA.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Smith & Nephew, Inc.

                    Smith & Nephew, Inc. develops and markets medical devices. Its products include television cameras and monitors, endoscopes, arthroscopes, orthopedic hand owered instruments, fiber optic illumination systems, laparoscopes, and surgical instruments. The company was founded on November 27, 1975 and is headquartered in Memphis, TN.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Exogen, Inc.

                    Exogen, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures and markets medical devices for treatment of musculoskeletal injury and disease. The company's products include sonic acclerated fracture healing system and mechanical stress devices. The products are sold in the United States, Europe and Japan.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Prior                  


Avicenna Systems Corp.

                    Avicenna Systems Corp. develops Intranets for integrated healthcare delivery systems, hospitals, and health care plans. It offers national drug data file and outlines in clinical medicine. The company was founded by James T. Robinson and Dan Feldman and is headquartered in Cambridge, MA.                  




Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Elenza, Inc.

                    ELENZA, Inc. develops and commercializes electro-active AutoFocal intraocular lens (IOL) to address the cataract extraction market and future opportunities associated with the correction of presbyopia. Its electro-active accommodating IOLs are used for the correction of near, intermediate, and distance vision in patients. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Roanoke, VA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


PhotoThera, Inc.






Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Current                  


Hoover Institution

                    With its eminent scholars and world-renowned library and archives, the Hoover Institution seeks to improve the human condition by advancing ideas that promote economic opportunity and prosperity, while securing and safeguarding peace for America and all mankind.                  




Director

                    Prior                  


Western Association of Venture Capitalists

                    WAVC is made up of more than 100 venture firms and more than 1,000 venture capitalists. WAVC offers West Coast venture capitalists the opportunity to come together to socialize, share insights, and discuss deals. Today, WAVC's primary focus is its distinguished speaker series, which has hosted more than 500 of the country's most celebrated business, financial, government, and academic leaders                  




President

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Bochnowski Family Foundation






Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


Free To Choose Network Inc

                    EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMMING                  





 Political Donations



$2,500

                  2015                


Kevin S. McCarthy


                  Co-Founder at KA Fund Advisors LLC                




$2,500

                  2014                


Joni K. Ernst







$2,000

                  2013                


Mia B. Love


                  Representative at Office of the Representative from Utah's 4th District, Mia Love                




$1,500

                  2012                


VenturePAC







$2,000

                  2012                


CLUB FOR GROWTH ACTION









See 45 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 45 More 






 Investments



 Details Hidden


Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.

                  Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. engages in the development and commercialization of gastrointestinal products for companion and production animals. Its product, Canalevia, is the company's prescription drug product candidate for the treatment of various forms diarrhea in dogs. It also developed its non-prescription product, Neonorm Calf, which helps dairies and beef farms proactively retain fluid in calves. The company was founded by Lisa A. Conte on June 6, 2013 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              James J. Bochnowski is affiliated with
                            Delphi Ventures, Inc., Delphi Management Partners VII LLC, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health, Correlation Management LLC, Free To Choose Network Inc, TVI Management, Shugart Associates, Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp., Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette, Inc., United States Army, Batteroo, Inc., Jaguar Animal Health, Inc., Terrajoule Corp., Sequent Medical, Inc., MicroVention, Inc., Galderma Pharma SA, SynergEyes, Inc., Niveus Medical, Inc., CollaGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Micro Interventional Systems, Inc., Integrated Vascular Systems, Inc., ImmuLogic Pharmaceutical Corp., PixelOptics, Inc., PhotoThera, Inc., Natus Medical, Inc., Synaptics Inc., Applied Molecular Evolution, Inc., Ascent Healthcare Solutions, Inc., ArKal Medical, Inc., Smith & Nephew, Inc., Exogen, Inc., Avicenna Systems Corp., Elenza, Inc., PhotoThera, Inc., Hoover Institution, Western Association of Venture Capitalists, Bochnowski Family Foundation, Free To Choose Network Inc.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















James J. Bochnowski: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 8:19 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Delphi Ventures



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
James J. Bochnowski  Partner Emeritus, Managing Member, and General Partner, Delphi VenturesAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 6 Board Members in 6 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships73--
Background

		Mr. James J. Bochnowski, also known as Jim, is the Partner Emeritus, Managing Member and General Partner at Delphi Ventures VI, L.P. and Delphi Ventures VIII, L.P. Mr. Bochnowski founded Delphi Ventures in 1988. His focus is on medical devices and biotechnology. He also serves as Venture Capital Advisor at Correlation Ventures. He was the Founder at August Capital. He began investing in medical companies in 1981 after co-founding Technology Venture Investors. Since 1984, ... he has focused exclusively on healthcare investments. He served at Shugart Associates from 1976 to 1980. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at Shugart Corp. Mr. Bochnowski served as a General Partner at Sprout Group from 1972 to 1976. He served as an Army Officer and a Missile Systems Engineer at the United States Army Missile Intelligence Directorate. He served as a Securities Analyst at Credit Suisse (USA), Inc. He has been Chairman of the Board at Jaguar Animal Health, Inc. since June 2014 and Director since February 2014. Mr. Bochnowski served as the Chairman of Merge Healthcare North America. He has been a Director of Arkal Medical Inc. since January 5, 2006; and Stryker Sustainability Solutions since July 1999. He serves as a Director of ELENZA, Inc., PixelOptics, Inc., Avicenna Systems Corp., CollaGenex Pharmaecuticals, Inc., Exogen, Inc., ImmuLogic Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Sequent Medical, Inc., Integrated Vascular Systems, Inc., Micro Interventional Systems, Inc., Vital Therapies, Inc., MicroVention, IncSynaptics, Inc., and SynergEyes, Inc. Mr. Bochnowski’s Board involvements include Ascent Healthcare Solutions, Ocular Optics, Inc., and Vital Therapies, Inc. He served as a Director of Natus Medical Inc. from August 1991 to February 2004 and Merge Healthcare North America since July 1996. He served as Director of PhotoThera, Inc. He served as Director of Inflabloc Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Applied Molecular Evolution, Inc; and Avocet Medical Inc. He served as a Director of the Western Association of Venture Capital. He serves on the Board of Overseers of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and is a Member of the Harvard School of Public Health's Health Policy and Management Executive Council. Mr. Bochnowski holds an M.B.A. with distinction, from Harvard University Graduate School of Business and a B.S. in Aerospace Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
160 Bovet RoadSan Mateo, California 94402United StatesPhone: 650-854-9650Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorPixelOptics, Inc.DirectorArKal Medical, Inc.DirectorSequent Medical, Inc.DirectorELENZA, Inc.1999-PresentDirectorStryker Sustainability Solutions, Inc.2014-PresentChairmanJaguar Animal Health, Inc.
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBS Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Other Affiliations
August CapitalSprout GroupMerge Healthcare North AmericaAvocet Medical Inc.Natus Medical IncorporatedInflabloc Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Stryker Sustainability Solutions, Inc.Credit Suisse (USA), Inc.Applied Molecular Evolution, Inc.Harvard Business SchoolPixelOptics, Inc.Shugart Corp.Delphi Ventures VI, L.P.Massachusetts Institute of TechnologyPhotoThera, Inc.Western Association of Venture CapitalistsDelphi Ventures VII, L.P.ArKal Medical, Inc.Correlation VenturesSequent Medical, Inc.Delphi Ventures VIII, L.P.ELENZA, Inc.Jaguar Animal Health, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Delphi Ventures, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























  Board of Directors | Jaguar Animal Health                     follow us:         Board of Directors  About UsOur TeamBoard of Directors  James J. BochnowskiMr. Bochnowski has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2014 and as Chairman of our board since June 2014. Since 1988, Mr. Bochnowski has served as the founder and Managing Member of Delphi Ventures, a venture capital firm. In 1993, Mr. Bochnowski co-founded Technology Venture Investors. Mr. Bochnowski holds an M.B.A. from Harvard University Graduate School of Business and a B.S. in Aeronautics and Astronautics from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.We believe Mr. Bochnowski is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his significant experience with venture capital backed healthcare companies and experience as both an executive officer and member of the board of directors of numerous companies.Lisa Conte, Founder & CEOMs. Conte has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors since she founded the company in June 2013. From 2001 to 2014, Ms. Conte served as the Chief Executive Officer of Napo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company she founded in November 2001. In 1989, Ms. Conte founded Shaman Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a natural product pharmaceutical company. Additionally, Ms. Conte is Napo Pharmaceutical’s current Interim Chief Executive Officer and has served as a member of its board of directors since 2001. Ms. Conte is also currently a member of the board of directors of Healing Forest Conservatory, a California not-for-profit public benefit corporation. Ms. Conte holds an M.S. in Physiology and Pharmacology from the University of California, San Diego, and an M.B.A. and A.B. in Biochemistry from Dartmouth College.We believe Ms. Conte is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive knowledge of our company and experience with our product and product candidates, as well as her experience managing and raising capital for public and private companies.Jiahao QiuMr. Qiu has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2014. Since 2010, Mr. Qiu has served as a Principal of BioVeda China Fund, a life science investment firm. From 2009 to 2010, he served as an interpreter for the Delegation of the European Union to China. Mr. Qiu holds a B.S. in Biotechnology from the Jiao Tong University in Shanghai, China.We believe Mr. Qiu is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his experience evaluating, managing and investing in life science portfolio companies for BioVeda China Fund.Zhi Yang, Ph.D.Dr. Yang has served as a member of our board of directors since February 2014. Since 2005, Dr. Yang has served as the Chairman, Managing Partner and Founder of BioVeda China Fund, a life science investment firm. Dr. Yang is currently an advisor to the China Health and Medical Development Foundation, under China’s Ministry of Health. Dr. Yang holds a Ph.D. in Molecular Biology and Biochemistry, as well as an M.A. in Cellular and Developmental Biology, both from Harvard University.We believe Dr. Yang is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his significant experience as a founder, investor and member of the board of directors of numerous life sciences companies, as well as his life sciences background and education.Folkert KamphuisMr. Kamphuis most recently served as Global Head of Strategic Planning at Novartis Animal Health, the former animal health unit of Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis, a role in which he oversaw business development and licensing, portfolio and salesforce development, and was a member of Novartis’s Animal Health Executive Committee. He joined Novartis Animal Health in 2009, and from 2012 to 2014 served as General Manager North America. Prior to 2009, Mr. Kamphuis spent 20 years in various executive, business development and global marketing roles at Pfizer Animal Health/Pharmacia and Merial.We believe Mr. Kamphuis is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience in the global animal health market.John Micek IIIFrom 2000 to 2010, Mr. Micek was managing director of Silicon Prairie Partners, LP, a Palo Alto, California based family-owned venture fund. Since 2010, Mr. Micek has been managing partner of Verdant Ventures, a merchant bank dedicated to sourcing and funding university and corporate lab spinouts in areas including pharmaceuticals and cleantech. Mr. Micek serves on the board of directors of Armanino Foods of Distinction, Innovaro Corporation and JAL/Universal Assurors. He is also a board member and the CEO and CFO of Enova Systems, and from March 2014 to August 2015 he served as interim CFO for Smith Electric Vehicles Inc. From 2000-2003, he was on the board of directors of Universal Warranty Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of GMACI (a General Motors subsidiary). Mr. Micek is a cum laude graduate of Santa Clara University, and the University of San Francisco School of Law, and is a practicing California attorney specializing in financial services. Additionally, he was an adjunct faculty professor in Corporate Governance and Ethics at the graduate school of Economics at the University of San Francisco in 2013 and 2014.Dr. Ari AzhirDr. Azhir is an entrepreneur and has been a founder and CEO of two companies focused on central nervous system (CNS) therapeutics: Neuraltus Pharmaceuticals and Neurocea LLC. She has broad experience launching and building life science companies and has successfully commercialized and brought more than 20 healthcare products to market, ranging from small molecule pharmaceuticals for CNS and dermatology to disruptive technologies in medical devices. These technologies include flow cytometry products at Becton Dickinson and ultrasound devices at Accuson, where she held executive management positions. Dr. Azhir has wide-ranging drug development experience and has filed an NDA and gained approval for Luxiq®, a drug that has been successfully commercialized. She also has extensive experience building strong patent portfolios and is the key inventor and patent holder of 12 patents. She serves on the translational research board of UCSF and has served on private boards (Polar Springs and Neuraltus), as well as nonprofit boards (The Hearing Society and American Women in Science). Dr. Azhir received her B.SC in Biochemistry and Mathematics, as well as her M.Ph. in Biophysics, from Kings’ College, London University, and received a PhD. in Biophysics from Tehran University.We believe Dr. Azhir is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive experience as a pharmaceutical and biotechnology executive.           
   James Bochnowski | Jaguar Animal Health , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




 






James J. Bochnowski, General Partner, Delphi Ventures


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













James J. Bochnowski



General Partner
at
Delphi Ventures


Location: 





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









James J. Bochnowski



General Partner
at
Delphi Ventures


Location: 




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Jim founded Delphi Ventures in 1988. His focus is on medical devices and biotechnology.
Jim began investing in medical companies in 1981 after co-founding Technology Venture Investors, a private venture capital partnership. Since 1984, he has focused exclusively on healthcare investments.
From 1976 to 1980, Jim was with Shugart Associates, a venture-backed disk drive company. As President and CEO, he led Shugart to increasing profitability, with annual revenues growing from $13 million to $200 million. Shugart was acquired by Xerox in 1979.
From 1972 to 1976, Jim was a general partner with Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette’s (DLJ) venture capital arm, the Sprout Capital Group. Prior to that, he served as a securities analyst with DLJ.
Trained as an aerospace engineer at MIT, Jim served as an Army officer and a missile systems engineer with the U.S. Army Missile Intelligence Directorate, serves on the Board of Overseers of the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and is a member of the Harvard School of Public Health’s Health Policy and Management Executive Council. Jim was a director of the Western Association of Venture Capital.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





2

Colleagues





1

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Venture Capital




Tags
Biotechnology




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



James J. BochnowskiCareer (3)











Delphi Ventures



General Partner







1976 to 1980




Shugart Associates



President and CEO







1972 to 1976




Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette's (DLJ) venture capital arm, the Sprout Capital Group



General partner








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



James J. BochnowskiEducation (2)










Harvard University Graduate School of Business













Massachusetts Institute of Technology












 Edit



James J. BochnowskiAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for James J. Bochnowski






 Edit



James J. BochnowskiLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for James J. Bochnowski









James J. BochnowskiInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for James J. Bochnowski






View all 



James J. BochnowskiInvestments Representing Others









lead
Sequent Medical

Representing: Delphi Ventures



Since Mar-2012


Series: C, D

Company status: ACQUIRED










James J. BochnowskiRelated People








Colleagues at Delphi Ventures







Deepa Pakianathan

Managing Member










David L Douglass

General Partner













View all 



James J. BochnowskiRecommended Market Profiles (8)








Telemedicine

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Social Media Marketing (ChiefMartec.com)

5,000 - 10,000 employees
111 companies








Big Data Universe List of Lists

10,000 or More employees
533 companies








Aggregated Marketing Technology

10,000 or More employees
2650 companies








Shared Economy Landscape (Jeremiah Owyang)

10,000 or More employees
267 companies








Inside Sales Landscape

10,000 or More employees
650 companies






















J. BOCHNOWSKI, INC., C1109515 | Ca-registry.com












































J. BOCHNOWSKI, INC.
*









 







J. BOCHNOWSKI, INC. is an entity registered at California with company number C1109515. Company is incorporated on 23rd April 1982. Current status of the company is DISSOLVED. Registered agent is JAMES J BOCHNOWSKI, 3000 SAND HILL RD BLDG 4 STE 210MENLO PARK CA 94025.
Company


Company name
J. BOCHNOWSKI, INC.


Address
*


Status
DISSOLVED


Company number
C1109515


Company type
DOMESTIC STOCK


Jurisdiction
CALIFORNIA


Incorporation Date
23rd April 1982


Last Statement Filed
22nd July 1982


Updated at
24th July 2017


Agent


Agent name
JAMES J BOCHNOWSKI


Agent address
3000 SAND HILL RD BLDG 4 STE 210MENLO PARK CA 94025











Do you know this company? Do you have positive or negative experience with J. BOCHNOWSKI, INC.? Rate the company and help other users.
 
+
0
-



Related companies

J. Bock Dds, Inc.
J. Boggeri Company, Inc.
J. Boland Trucking Inc.
J. Bollag Inc.
J. Bond Computer Systems (U.S.A.) Corp.
J. Bond Insurance Agency, Inc.
J. Bond Products Incorporated
J. BOND, INC.
J. Bonner Corporation
J. BOONE SUPPLY, INC.


J. Blue Inc.
J. Blondell-Hardy, Inc.
J. Blom, Inc.
J. Block Investments, Inc.
J. Bloch (USA), Inc.
J. BLAZONA CONSTRUCTION, INC.
J. BLASINGAME & SONS, INC.
J. BLANKENSHIP ADVERTISING, INC.
J. BLANCO, INC.
J. Blakslee International, Ltd.

Similar company number

J.T.C.L. ENTERPRISES, INC.
KLIS INTERNATIONAL INC.
NATOMAS DEVELOPMENT CO., INC.
ROBBINS TRUCK & AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR, INC.
T/A INVESTMENT CORPORATION
TFC CREDIT CORPORATION OF CALIFORNIA
ASSOCIATED MANAGEMENT INSTITUTE, INC.
ANNUAL WESTERN POOL AND SPA SHOW
THE CALIFORNIA SPA & SAUNA COMPANY, A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION
D AND J ENTERPRISES, INC.


D. F. MARQUARDT, INC.
B. J. MCMURTRY CORPORATION
VELTRANS
TRANS-CAL THRIFT, INC.
SAN JUAN LAND & CATTLE CO.
L. & N. READER, INCORPORATED
MANLEY BUILDERS, INC., A CALIFORNIA CORPORATION
R.J.S. CONTRACTING, INC.
EDWIN SIMON, INC.
BWM FIRE APPARATUS, INC.

Newest companies

GOLDEN HOU'S INTERNATIONAL INC.
AMERICAN GENERAL LIFE AND ACCIDENT INSURANCE COMPANY
THE LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY
TOKIO MARINE & NICHIDO FIRE INSURANCE CO., LTD. DBA TOKIO MARINE      & NICHIDO FIRE INSURANCE CO., LTD. (U.S. BRANCH)
MFT MANAGEMENT CORP.
THE LINCOLN NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
COMMERCIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
CONLEY INC.
WATSON DITCH COMPANY
THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN THE DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA
NIMROD VILLAGE HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC.
HHH LA INC
WASHINGTON TOWNSHIP POST NO. 195, THE AMERICAN LEGION, DEPARTMENT
SHERIDAN&CONRAD, INC.
800 REMODELING, INC.
SPOORVISION
KELSEY COOK, CORP
ROCKSTAR CANNABIS CLUB INC.
PRINCIPAL GEOGRAPHIC SYSTEMS
TAKE OFF MARKETING GROUP CORPORATION
TRUE ALIEN WORLD
URBAN 101 TRANSPORTATION
SPEEDWAY CALIFORNIA TOUR
GREEN DAYS CLUB CORP
ROARUSA TECH
SPIRITUAL HEART YOGA CENTER
TAYLOR SCOTT, INC.
CONCRETE JUNGLE
GREAT TENNIS, INC.
GREAT NORTHERN LOGISTICS


























