Boeing: The Boeing Company 























Boeing









+share














Flying virtually soloAviation avatars the wave of the future?

1/5Learn More 








Norwegian Celebrates Delivery of Airline's First Two 737 MAX 8
2/5Learn More 








Women Make us Better
3/5Watch Video 








Introducing the 737 MAX 10
4/5Learn More 








787-10 Dreamliner and 737 MAX 9 Fly the Sky Together
5/5Watch the Video 









Boeing: Careers Home























Boeing









+share




















SEARCH JOBS
Build something better for yourself and for the world
Want to do something amazing with Boeing? Search our jobs below:





Advanced Search  




















Career Areas

Boeing is a company of bold innovators and dreamers. We are continually looking for ways to build it bigger, smarter, faster, stronger and better. Join us and you can speed up airplane production. Develop innovative cybersolutions. Or shape a global supply chain. Find your future with us by learning more about what we do. Search our jobs in every category.
Explore our careers






Business



Cybersecurity



Engineering



Information Technology



Manufacturing











Life at Boeing








We’re a company filled with inquisitive, energetic, enterprising and talented people. Find out what’s important to us and what inspires us to do amazing things together.

Innovation
Environment
Diversity
Community Engagement
Building Leaders
Business Resource Groups

Learn more

























Benefits

Boeing provides employees and their families a wide range of affordable, market-leading benefits. We offer many valuable health and well-being benefits programs to help employees and their families better manage the various phases of life.
Learn about our benefits








Benefits Overview





U.S. Benefits





International Benefits











College and Entry Level








Boeing is where you can begin your career collaborating with amazing people on amazing products. You’ll work alongside designers and builders. Collaborate with thinkers and dreamers. And team up with experts in just about every field.
Learn More
























Veterans








During your service in the Armed Forces, you protected freedom. And you lived the tenets of discipline, excellence and precision. Today, you can join the more than 20,000 reservists and veterans who made the transition to the private sector and still continue their mission.
Learn more































My Account








Apply for jobs, check the status of jobs you’ve applied for and sign up for email alerts.
Login/Register
























Events








We attend and sponsor many career events throughout the year. You have a great opportunity to meet Boeing recruiters, ask questions and get a better sense of our company and career opportunities.
Upcoming events



























Stay safe from recruitment fraud! The only way to apply for a position at Boeing is via our Careers website.Learn how to protect yourself from recruitment fraud.
          Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
Request an Accommodation. Applicant Privacy. EEO is the Law Poster. Boeing  Policy on EEO, Affirmative Action and Harassment.
            Boeing participates  in E-Verify. Details in English and Spanish.
          Right  to Work Statement in English and Spanish.





Boeing: Commercial























Boeing









+share














Norwegian Celebrates Delivery of Airline's First Two 737 MAX 8
1/4Learn More 








Current Market Outlook2017-2036
2/4Learn More 








Introducing the 737 MAX 10
3/4Learn More 








787-10 Dreamliner and 737 MAX 9 Fly the Sky Together
4/4Watch the Video 
















Current Products & Services









Next-Generation 737



737 MAX



747-8



767



777



777X



787



Freighters



Boeing Support and Services



Boeing Business Jets











Boeing Commercial Airplanes: A Better Way To Fly.






Boeing Commercial Airplanes is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, efficiency and value to our customers and a superior flying experience to their customers. Today, there are more than 10,000 Boeing commercial jetliners in service; airplanes that fly farther on less fuel, airplanes that reduce airport noise and emissions, airplanes that provide passenger-preferred comfort while delivering superior bottom-line performance to operators. Leadership for today and tomorrow. That's a better way to fly.Boeing Commercial Airplanes, a business unit of The Boeing Company, is headquartered in Seattle, Washington and employs more than 83,000 people worldwide.























Boeing Support and Services

With a 24-hour network and facilities around the world, Commercial Aviation Services (CAS) offers the broadest range of support products, services and integrated solutions in the aviation industry. From spare parts to pilot training, customer support to onsite technical advice, CAS helps airplane operators keep their fleets flying safely and efficiently. CAS offers an integrated suite of aviation services marketed as Boeing Support and Services. These include parts, training, engineering, maintenance and software solutions that increase the efficiency and profitability of airlines and leasing companies.







Customer Support



Material Services



Fleet Services



Flight Services



Information Services



Integrated Services











Commercial Feature Stories













Flying Virtually Solo


July 12, 2017 in Technology, CommercialAviation avatars the wave of the future?Learn More 












Incredible Everett site turns 50 years young


May 22, 2017 in Commercial, CommunityBoeing’s largest manufacturing site reaches a half century of gaining altitude.Learn More 












Chillin' with the MAX


March 20, 2017 in Commercial, TechnologyBoeing flight test teams deliberately froze the 737 MAX at one of the coldest passenger airports in the world, then watched it roar back to life without a hitch.Learn More 












Mechanic and Machine: Boeing’s Advanced Manufacturing Improves 777 Assembly


February 23, 2017 in Commercial
Learn More 











Korean Air celebrates its first delivery of the 787 Dreamliner 


February 21, 2017 in Commercial
Learn More 











Boeing, Juneyao Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners


February 21, 2017 in CommercialMarks first Boeing order for privately-owned Chinese carrier. Includes options for five additional 787-9sLearn More 












Newest Dreamliner Debuts


February 20, 2017 in CommercialBoeing’s 787-10 Dreamliner rolls out of South Carolina Factory.Learn More 












Boeing Commercial Airplanes 2016 Highlights


February 3, 2017 in CommercialA look back at some of the year's major milestones.Learn More 












737 MAX makes a splash


January 18, 2017 in Technology, CommercialBoeing test teams take the 737 MAX for a little dip during water spray testing in Montana.Learn More 











SpiceJet Announces Deal for up to 205 Airplanes 


January 12, 2017 in CommercialLargest order in low-cost carrier's history.Learn More 












Cool view: Get in the driver’s seat for delivery of wing parts


January 11, 2017 in CommercialBoeing's long-load highway transportation crews travel with massive airplane parts.Learn More 











GE Capital Aviation Services boosts its fleet


January 4, 2017 in Commercial75 737 MAXs on order for GECAS.Learn More 











787 Dreamliner to become part of Air Tanzania fleet


December 13, 2016 in Commercial787-8 is first ever wide-body order for 'The Wings of Kilimanjaro'.Learn More 












State of the art 777X Composite Wing Center completes prototype parts


December 6, 2016 in CommercialEverett, Washington facility will produce largest wing Boeing has ever built.
 Learn More 












Boeing Names New Senior Leaders, Launches Integrated Services Business


November 22, 2016 in Commercial, DefenseKevin G. McAllister was named president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes; Stanley A. Deal becomes president and CEO of Boeing Global Services, a new business unit.Learn More 











Boeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners


November 1, 2016 in CommercialChinese carrier to become newest 787 Dreamliner operator.Learn More 












More than One Way to the Runway


November 2, 2016 in CommercialApproach and landing technology seeks to increase safety, efficiency and capacity.Learn More 











UPS Orders 14 747-8 Freighters


October 27, 2016 in CommercialAirplanes will support carrier's fleet expansion plans.Learn More 











Shhh…  The New 737 MAX Redefines a Quiet Airplane


September 21, 2016 in CommercialDesigned to be 40 percent quieter than today’s Next-Generation 737.Learn More 











Get your panda on … a Hainan Airlines 787-9


September 20, 2016 in CommercialEnter contest to have your design of Kung Fu Panda-inspired airplane livery painted on a Dreamliner.Learn More 












Cabin app-titude


August 15, 2016 in CommercialTech demonstrator tests 'smart' airplane interiors.Learn More 












Boeing Commercial Airplanes 2016 First-Half Highlights


July 27, 2016 in CommercialWatch the video.
 Learn More 











Flying salute to Boeing's Centennial


July 8, 2016 in CommercialAlaska Airlines creates a special livery to paytribute to Boeing’s first 100 yearsLearn More 












Boeing, Embraer Unveil Newest ecoDemonstrator Aircraft


July 7, 2016 in Commercial, EnvironmentThis week Boeing and Embraer unveiled the next phase of the Boeing ecoDemonstrator program.Learn More 












Action packed: MAX, 787-9, P-8A primed for Farnborough Airshow


July 6, 2016 in Commercial, DefenseBoeing celebrates 100 years with a high-flying agenda and a special pavilion showcasing the company's history and future.Learn More 












Touchscreens come to 777X flight deck


July 1, 2016 in CommercialBringing today's technology in the hands of pilots.Learn More 












A reunion you have to see


June 18, 2016 in CommercialBoeing South Carolina employee reunited with sonLearn More 











The 737 a 'Perfect Airplane' for RyanAir


June 1, 2016 in CommercialThe 737-800 has helped make Ryanair one of the busiest airlines in the world.Learn More 












$1 billion 777X Composite Wing Center Opens


May 20, 2016 in CommercialBoeing has invested more than $1 billion in the Everett site for construction and outfitting of the new building.Learn More 












The Airplane Bathroom that Cleans Itself


March 2, 2016 in Technology, CommercialAfter watching a steady parade of people emerge from the lavatory on an extended commercial flight, many passengers are reluctant to expose themselves to the germs left behind.Learn More 












737 MAX Completes Successful First Flight


February 2, 2016 in CommercialPilots praise performance of new single-aisle airplane.Learn More 











The Legacy Continues


January 29, 2016 in Defense, CommercialAir Force selects Boeing 747-8 as new presidential aircraft.Learn More 












Boeing Commercial Airplanes 2015 Highlights


January 25, 2016 in Commercial2015 was a remarkable year for Boeing Commercial Airplanes.Learn More 












Blue Skies and Stars Part of the Future Airplane Cabin


December 17, 2015 in Commercial, TechnologyAdvanced lighting and projection all part of enhancing the flying experience.Learn More 












The Top Boeing Videos of 2015


December 17, 2015 in Commercial, DefenseThis year, Boeing showcased the passion, imagination and innovative spirit of our people. Check out a highlight reel of the year's most popoular videos.Learn More 











Dubai Airshow: Partnerships lead the way


November 11, 2015 in Commercial, DefenseBoeing takes a personalized approach at this year’s show by focusing on developing its longstanding relationships in the Middle East.Learn More 











United Airlines 737-900ER Delivery – Veterans Day 2015


November 11, 2015 in Community, CommercialFor all who served, and for all who continue to serve, we can never thank you enough.Learn More 











Reel Progress


November 11, 2015 in Community, CommunityBoeing helps nonprofit design fly fishing equipment for veterans and others with missing or disabled arms.Learn More 












Growing to New Heights in the Middle East 


November 9, 2015 in CommercialBoeing forms new partnerships and strengthens relationships at this year’s Dubai Airshow.Learn More 











Commercial Airplanes’ teams shine in third quarter


October 21, 2015 in CommercialA boost in airplane deliveries and achieving several milestones on development programs highlight performance.Learn More 











The Seattle Delivery Center


October 19, 2015 in CommercialThe Seattle Delivery Center has delivered more than 12,000 commercial airplanes from Boeing Field since the first Boeing 707 was delivered in 1958. Increasing demand and deliveries of the Next-Generation 737 and the 737 MAX calls for a larger, more capable facility.Learn More 












The Mighty Pegasus' Maiden Voyage


September 28, 2015 in Defense, CommercialBoeing and U.S. Air Force Tanker team members celebrated the inaugural flight for the KC-46A Pegasus where pilots concluded several successful system tests.Learn More 












Training Begins for 737 MAX Production


August 14, 2015 in Commercial, TechnologySeveral hundred Boeing mechanics in Renton, Wash., are mastering the skills required to build the new 737 MAX jetliner — and optimizing manufacturing processes — before it hits the production line.Learn More 












Angels in the sky? Must be Seafair!


August 5, 2015 in Commercial, CommunityThe annual Seafair festival in Seattle, Wash. is a visual feast of heart-racing action -- from overhead acrobatics performed during the Boeing Seafair Air Show, to the roaring hydroplane boat races on Lake Washington.Learn More 












ecoDemonstrator Expands Imagination of Boeing Engineers


August 5, 2015 in Commercial, EnvironmentecoDemonstrator technology tests are “design come to life” for Boeing engineers.Learn More 












From the Ice to the Sky


June 15, 2015 in CommercialMeet Al Secord, a retired National Hockey League player who's living his dream as an American Airlines pilot flying Boeing airplanes.Learn More 












Flight Test Progressing for Leap-1B Engine for 737 MAX


May 29, 2015 in Commercial, TechnologyBoeing and CFM officials visited Victorville, Calif., earlier this month to see progress on the flying test bed for the new LEAP-1B engine for the 737 MAX.Learn More 












All Female Flight


May 27, 2015 in CommercialFrom the flight deck to the boardroom, these women are paving the way for the next generation of leaders.
 Learn More 












Secretary Kerry Tells Boeing Pacific Rim Trade Deal is Key to Future


May 20, 2015 in Commercial, CommunitySecretary of State highlights Boeing as the largest exporter in the U.S. to drive home trade message.Learn More 











Boeing Delivers Cathay Pacific Airways' 50th 777-300ER


April 30, 2015 in Commercial
Learn More 











Air Tahiti Nui Finalizes Order for Two 787-9 Dreamliners


April 30, 2015 in Commercial
Learn More 












'Bring out the Good:' Students find inspiration at Boeing-supported WE Day


April 28, 2015 in Community, CommercialStudents and teachers in Washington state celebrate a year's worth of leadership and good work in their schools and communities at the high energy, celebrity-infused Seattle We Day.
 Learn More 












Boeing Commercial Airplanes 2015 First Quarter Highlights


April 23, 2015 in CommercialThe first quarter of 2015 for Boeing Commercial Airplanes saw a 14 percent increase in commercial airplane deliveries compared to the first quarter of 2014.Learn More 











Copa Airlines selects the 737 MAX with 61 airplane order


April 10, 2015 in Commercial
Learn More 











Alaska Airlines announces order for 37 737 MAXs and 13 Next-Generation 737s


February 19, 2015 in Commercial
Learn More 











Scoot celebrates its first delivery of the 787 Dreamliner


January 31, 2015 in Commercial
Learn More 











Okay Airways announces delivery of its first 737-900ER


February 2, 2015 in Commercial
Learn More 




























Orders & Deliveries










Region and Country Definitions



Africa
Caribbean
Central America and Mexico
Central Asia
East Asia
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America
South Asia
Southeast Asia
Unidentified


Africa

Algeria
Angola
Cameroon
Congo, The Democratic Republic
Côte d’Ivoire
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Guinea
Kenya
Liberia
Madagascar
Mauritius
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Senegal
South Africa
State of Libya
Sudan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Tunisia
Zambia
Zimbabwe

Back to top

Caribbean

Bahamas
Bermuda
Dominican Republic
Jamaica
Trinidad and Tobago

Back to top

Central America and Mexico

Costa Rica
El Salvador
Honduras
Mexico
Panama

Back to top

Central Asia

Afghanistan
Azerbaijan
Kazakhstan
Mongolia
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan

Back to top

East Asia

China
Japan
South Korea

Back to top

Europe

Austria
Belarus
Belgium
Channel Islands (UK)
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Italy
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Serbia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom

Back to top

Middle East

Bahrain
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syrian Arab Republic
United Arab Emirates
Yemen

Back to top

North America

Canada
USA

Back to top

Oceania

Australia
Fiji
Nauru
New Zealand
Papua New Guinea
Samoa

Back to top

South America

Argentina
Bolivia
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Peru
Uruguay
Venezuela

Back to top

South Asia

Bangladesh
India
Nepal
Pakistan

Back to top

Southeast Asia

Brunei Darussalam
Indonesia
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam

Back to top

Unidentified

Unidentified

Back to top



Report by Customer
Shows data for all past years for Boeing Commercial Airplanes' jet aircraft.


Customer: Details for the selected customer, sorted by model.
Country: Details for the selected country, sorted by customer then by model.
Geographic Region: Summary of the selected geographic region, sorted by model.




Report by Model
Shows order and delivery counts for all past years for Boeing Commercial Airplanes' jet aircraft.


Current Models: Counts for the selected in-production model sorted by customer, then by Model Series.
Current Model Series: Counts for the selected in-production model Series sorted by customer.
Current Model Series: Counts for the selected in-production model series sorted by customer, then by Model Series.
All Model Series: Counts for the selected in- and out-of-production models sorted by customer, then by Model Series.
US Domestic/International by Model Series: US Domestic and International cumulative counts for all models.
US Domestic/International Orders: US Domestic and International Month-to-Date, Year-to-Date, and cumulative Order counts, by Model.
US Domestic/International Deliveries: US Domestic and International Month-to-Date, Year-to-Date, and cumulative Delivery counts, by Model.
Historical Orders: A matrix of orders for all models sorted by year.
Historical Deliveries: A matrix of deliveries for all models sorted by year.




Report by Unfilled Orders
Shows model order and delivery counts for customers who have ordered but not yet taken delivery.


Unfilled Orders by Model: Counts are sorted by model then by customer.
Unfilled Orders by Customer: Counts are sorted by customer then by model.
Unfilled Orders by Country: Counts are sorted by country then by model.
Unfilled Orders by Region: Counts are sorted by region then by model.






Report Type





Net Orders



Current Year Deliveries





Recent Annual Orders



Report by Time Period





Report by Customer



Report by Model





Report by Unfilled Orders



User Defined Reports











Select a Report



Orders Detail



Deliveries Detail


 
 

Select a Time Period




Monthly



Select






Quarterly



Select





Yearly


 

Select a Report Year



Select



 





Generate Report 
See below


 







Select a Report




Geographic Region



Select






Country



Select






Customer



Select







Definition of Reports
Definition of Regions









Generate Report 
See below


 







Select a Report




Current Models



Select






Current Model Series



Select






All Models



Select





US Domestic/International by Model Series



US Domestic/International Orders



US Domestic/International Deliveries



Historical Orders



Historical Deliveries





Definition of Reports









Generate Report 
See below


 








Select a Report



Unfilled Orders by Model



Unfilled Orders by Customer



Unfilled Orders by Country



Unfilled Orders by Region


 



Definition of Reports



 



Generate Report 
See below


 








Select a Report



Orders



Deliveries


 
 

Select a Date Range




Monthly









through











All Dates


 



Select Sort Order



Customer Name



Date



Model






Select Customer Information




Customer



Select
All Customers






Country



Select






Region



Select







Definition of Regions



 


Select Model Information




All Models



Select
All Models






Current Models



Select






Current Model Series



Select





 






Generate Report 
See below











































 








































 



Recent Annual Orders





















Order Date
Customer
Model Series
Orders



 































 



Refine Search 













Aerospace Jobs and Engineering Careers at Boeing
























Skip Navigation


Search
Menu











Shaping the future.
Building Careers.









Search

Search Jobs

Keyword Search



City, State, or ZIP



Search radius
Radius
5 miles
15 miles
25 miles
35 miles
50 miles


Search









Browse By Category


Advanced Technology Jobs
Aviation & Flight Operations Jobs
Boeing Defence Australia Jobs
Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Business Jobs
Business Partners - Finance UK Jobs
Business Partners - Finance US Jobs
Business Partners - Human Resources IND Jobs
Business Partners - Program Management Office US Jobs
Business Scheduling & Control Jobs
Business Support Professionals Jobs
Business Support Services Jobs
Campus & Internship Jobs
CDG Jobs
Commercial Airplanes Jobs
Communications Jobs
Contracts & Pricing Jobs
Corporate Jobs
Customers Training Jobs
Cyber Security Jobs
Data Science & Analytics Jobs
Electronic & Electrical Engineering Jobs
Engineering Jobs
Engineering Internships Jobs
Engineering Multi-Skill Leadership  Jobs
Engineering Product Lifecycle Management Jobs
Engineering Services IND Jobs
Engineering Services UK Jobs
Engineering Services US Jobs
Entry Level Jobs
Environment, Health & Safety Jobs
Fabrication Jobs
Facilities Jobs
Field Services Jobs
Finance Jobs
Flight Engineering Jobs
Flight Operations Services Jobs
Flight Operations Support Jobs
Flight Operations-Pilot Jobs
Flight/Flight Operations Jobs
Global Navigation Services Jobs
Global Trade Controls Jobs
Human Resources Jobs
Industrial Engineering Jobs
Information Technology Jobs
Insitu Jobs
Integrated Support Planning & Management Jobs
Intellectual Property Jobs
Intelligence and Analysis Jobs
Internship Jobs
Jeppesen Jobs
Law Jobs
Manufacturing Jobs
Marketing and Sales Jobs
Materials, Process & Physics Jobs
Mechanical & Structural Engineering Jobs
Product Support Leadership Jobs
Production Engineering Jobs
Program Management Jobs
Project/Program/Product Management Jobs
Public Affairs Jobs
Quality Jobs
Retrofit Repair Models and Maintenance Jobs
Sales, Service, & Support Jobs
Security & Fire Protection Service  Jobs
Shared Services Jobs
Software Development & Support Jobs
Software Engineering Jobs
Strategy and Development Jobs
Structural and Propulsion Engineering Jobs
Supplier Management Jobs
Supplier Management & Procurement Jobs
Supply Chain Support Jobs
Systems Engineering Jobs
Technical Publications Jobs
Technical Publications - IPC IND Jobs
Technical Publications-Maintenance Engineering UK Jobs
Technical Publications-Maintentance Engineering IN Jobs
Technology Services & Operations Jobs
Test & Evaluation Engineering Jobs
Transportation Jobs
UK Business Jobs
UK Defense/Space/Security Jobs
UK Engineering Jobs
UK IT Jobs
UK Manufacturing Jobs
UK Software Engineering Jobs
UK Supply Chain/Procurement Jobs
United Kingdom Commercial Airplanes Jobs
United Kingdom Information Services Jobs




Browse By Location 


Browse by Country

Australia Jobs
Canada Jobs
China Jobs
France Jobs
Germany Jobs
Hungary Jobs
India Jobs
Ireland Jobs
Italy Jobs
Japan Jobs
Kuwait Jobs
Netherlands Jobs
Poland Jobs
Russia Jobs
Saudi Arabia Jobs
Singapore Jobs
South Korea Jobs
Sweden Jobs
Turkey Jobs
Ukraine Jobs
United Kingdom Jobs
United States Jobs



Browse by State/Region

Al Asimah Jobs
Alabama Jobs
Alaska Jobs
Apulia Jobs
Ar Riyāḑ Jobs
Arizona Jobs
Beijing Shi Jobs
British Columbia Jobs
California Jobs
Central Singapore Jobs
Colorado Jobs
Eastern Province Jobs
England Jobs
Florida Jobs
Georgia Jobs
Hesse Jobs
Île-de-France Jobs
Illinois Jobs
Istanbul Jobs
Kansas Jobs
Karnataka Jobs
Kyiv City Jobs
Leinster Jobs
Louisiana Jobs
Maryland Jobs
Minţaqat ‘Asīr Jobs
Missouri Jobs
MO Jobs
NCT Jobs
Nevada Jobs
New Mexico Jobs
New South Wales Jobs
North Carolina Jobs
North Holland Jobs
Ohio Jobs
Oklahoma Jobs
Ontario Jobs
Oregon Jobs
Pennsylvania Jobs
Pomeranian Voivodeship Jobs
Quebec Jobs
Queensland Jobs
Seoul Jobs
South Carolina Jobs
Tamil Nadu Jobs
Tennessee Jobs
Texas Jobs
Tokyo Jobs
Utah Jobs
Västra Götaland Jobs
Veszprém megye Jobs
Victoria Jobs
Virginia Jobs
Wales Jobs
Washington Jobs



Browse by City

Amsterdam Jobs
Anchorage Jobs
Andrews Air Force Base Jobs
Arlington Jobs
Auburn Jobs
Aurora Jobs
Beijing Jobs
Bellevue Jobs
Bengaluru Jobs
Bicester Jobs
Brisbane Jobs
Bristol Jobs
Brize Norton Jobs
Centennial Jobs
Chantilly Jobs
Chennai Jobs
Chicago Jobs
Colorado Springs Jobs
Crawley Jobs
Dallas Jobs
Denver Jobs
Dublin Jobs
El Segundo Jobs
Englewood Jobs
Everett Jobs
Fairfax Jobs
Farnborough Jobs
Fleet Jobs
Fort Walton Beach Jobs
Frimley Jobs
Gdańsk Jobs
Germantown Jobs
Gosport Jobs
Gothenburg Jobs
Grottaglie Jobs
Heath Jobs
Herndon Jobs
Hill Air Force Base Jobs
Huntington Beach Jobs
Huntsville Jobs
Istanbul Jobs
Jacksonville Jobs
Kent Jobs
Khamis Mushait Jobs
King Khalid Military City Jobs
Kuwait City Jobs
Kyiv Jobs
Las Cruces Jobs
Las Vegas Jobs
London Jobs
Long Beach Jobs
Louisville Jobs
Melbourne Jobs
Mesa Jobs
Milton Keynes Jobs
Montreal Jobs
Mountain View Jobs
Neu Isenburg Jobs
New Delhi Jobs
New Orleans Jobs
Newington Jobs
North Charleston Jobs
Nowra Jobs
Oakey Jobs
Ogden Jobs
Oklahoma City Jobs
Ottawa Jobs
Oude Meer Jobs
Oxford Jobs
Pápa Jobs
Paris Jobs
Peachtree City Jobs
Philadelphia Jobs
Puyallup Jobs
Renton Jobs
Richmond Jobs
Ridley Park Jobs
Riyadh Jobs
Salisbury Jobs
San Antonio Jobs
San Jose Jobs
Schriever AFB Jobs
Seal Beach Jobs
SeaTac Jobs
Seattle Jobs
Seoul Jobs
Seymour Johnson Air Force Base Jobs
Sheffield Jobs
Singapore Jobs
Skolkovo Jobs
Smithfield Jobs
Springfield Jobs
St. Charles Jobs
St. Louis Jobs
Stafford Jobs
Sydney Jobs
Tampa Jobs
Tokyo Jobs
Tukwila Jobs
Vancouver Jobs
Welwyn Garden City Jobs
Whiteman Air Force Base Jobs
Wichita Jobs
Williamtown Jobs
Wilsonville Jobs
Yeovil Jobs






Browse by Category & Location 

Englewood Jeppesen Jobs
St. Louis Engineering Jobs
Oklahoma City Engineering Jobs
Bengaluru Corporate Jobs
Bristol Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Bristol UK Defense/Space/Security Jobs
St. Louis Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Oklahoma City Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Bengaluru Information Technology Jobs
Gothenburg Jeppesen Jobs
Oklahoma City Systems Engineering Jobs
St. Louis Software Engineering Jobs
Huntsville Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Huntsville Engineering Jobs
Colorado Springs Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Colorado Springs Engineering Jobs
Williamtown Boeing Defence Australia Jobs
El Segundo Engineering Jobs
Long Beach Engineering Jobs
Bristol United Kingdom Information Services Jobs
Bristol Information Technology Jobs
El Segundo Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Bristol UK IT Jobs
St. Louis Electronic & Electrical Engineering Jobs
Huntsville Systems Engineering Jobs
Colorado Springs Systems Engineering Jobs
Brisbane Boeing Defence Australia Jobs
Stafford Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Mesa Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Herndon Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Stafford UK Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Englewood Software Development & Support Jobs
Englewood Sales, Service, & Support Jobs
Williamtown Engineering Jobs
Ridley Park Engineering Jobs
San Antonio Manufacturing Jobs
Bristol Program Management Jobs
Milton Keynes Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Chantilly Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Fairfax Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
San Antonio Commercial Airplanes Jobs
Milton Keynes UK Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Brisbane Engineering Jobs
Mesa Engineering Jobs
Herndon Intelligence and Analysis Jobs
Ridley Park Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
St. Louis Corporate Jobs
Gothenburg Software Development & Support Jobs
Gothenburg Project/Program/Product Management Jobs
Long Beach CDG Jobs
Englewood Business Jobs
Milton Keynes United Kingdom Information Services Jobs
Milton Keynes Information Technology Jobs
Oklahoma City Production Engineering Jobs
Oklahoma City Software Engineering Jobs
St. Louis Systems Engineering Jobs
El Segundo Systems Engineering Jobs
Amsterdam Jeppesen Jobs
Vancouver Jeppesen Jobs
Yeovil Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Gosport Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Long Beach Corporate Jobs
Auburn Shared Services Jobs
Renton Shared Services Jobs
Puyallup Shared Services Jobs
Everett Shared Services Jobs
Yeovil UK Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Gosport UK Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Milton Keynes UK IT Jobs
Englewood Aviation & Flight Operations Jobs
Englewood Business Support Professionals Jobs
CDG Jobs in India 
Bengaluru Engineering Jobs
Las Cruces Engineering Jobs
Chantilly Engineering Jobs
Mesa Supplier Management Jobs
Frimley Engineering Services UK Jobs
Long Beach Engineering Services US Jobs
Ridley Park Electronic & Electrical Engineering Jobs
Mesa Supplier Management & Procurement Jobs
Las Cruces Systems Engineering Jobs
Mesa Systems Engineering Jobs
Las Cruces Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Springfield Boeing Defense/Space/Security Jobs
Beijing Commercial Airplanes Jobs
Renton Commercial Airplanes Jobs
St. Louis Shared Services Jobs
Seattle Shared Services Jobs
Tukwila Shared Services Jobs
Bristol UK Business Jobs
Frimley UK Engineering Jobs
Chennai CDG Jobs
Frimley CDG Jobs
St. Louis Entry Level Jobs










Match Your Skills

We’ll search our jobs based on what’s listed for your skills, experience, and location on your LinkedIn profile.
Start Matching Skills






My Account

Create an account, update your information, or check the status of your application.
Log In or Create Account






Accessibility

Do you need help with the application process due to a disability? 
If so, please contact us.
Learn More







Join Boeing
Explore our Career Areas


Business

Cyber

Engineering

Information Technology

Manufacturing

College

Military





Our Featured Locations
Learn about our locations in more than 65 countries around the world. 


Canada
United States
United Kingdom
France
Italy
Hungary
Saudi Arabia
Qatar
United Arab Emirates
Russia
China
Singapore
India
Korea, Republic of
Japan
Australia



X
Canada
Over 1,800 employees in 5 regions play a key role in our partnership with Canadian commercial aviation and defense.
Learn More



X
United States
Home to our world headquarters, you’ll find Boeing and its subsidiaries in all 50 states.
Learn More



X
United Kingdom
We employ over 1,500 people in the UK, which is a critically important market, supplier base and technology partner.
Learn More



X
France
In 1955, Air France became the first foreign carrier to fly a 707. Today, France is home to over 100 of our suppliers.
Learn More



X
Italy
For over 4 decades, our local workforce has collaborated with the Italian aerospace industry and armed forces.
Learn More



X
Hungary
We have career opportunities than run the gamut from Commercial Airplanes to Defense, Space and Security.
Learn More



X
Saudi Arabia
We have a long history here, and our subsidiaries offer careers in areas from aircraft repair to systems engineering.
Learn More



X
Qatar
For more than 60 years, we’ve built relationships across the Middle East, and this continues today in Qatar.
Learn More



X
United Arab Emirates
In the next 20 years, demand for airplanes and aviation support will increase throughout the Middle East and in the UAE.
Learn More



X
Russia
This partnership started with the Apollo-Soyuz joint space mission, and today you can make even more history in Russia.
Learn More



X
China
A market with tremendous potential, China is projected to soon be our largest airplane customer.
Learn More



X
Singapore
One of world’s largest 777 operators, Singapore also employs many people from our commercial and defense business units.
Learn More



X
India
Our partnership began over 60 years ago, and is underscored by our new research and technology center in Bangalore.
Learn More



X
Korea, Republic of
We support the Korean aerospace industry with partnerships in both commercial aircraft and the military sector.
Learn More



X
Japan
We provide commercial aircraft to Japanese airlines and partner with the Ministry of Defense and the aerospace industry.
Learn More



X
Australia
With over 2,800 employees in 7 locations, Australia represents our largest operational footprint outside of the U.S.
Learn More





Our Featured Locations
Learn about our locations in more than 65 countries around the world. 




Australia
Canada
China
France
Hungary
India
Italy
Japan
Korea, Republic of
Qatar
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States






Give us feedback on this site.
Contact Us







Boeing: Our Company























Boeing









+share













Our Company













General Information








Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. A top U.S. exporter, the company supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries. Boeing products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training.

Overview
Corporate Governance
Employment Data
State Impact
Global Impact

























Executive Biographies









Chairman, President and CEO






Dennis A. Muilenburg
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, The Boeing Company

 
















 Executive Council 





Bertrand-Marc (Marc) Allen
President, Boeing International


Heidi B. Capozzi
Senior Vice President, Human Resources, The Boeing Company


Leanne Caret
Executive Vice President, The Boeing Company
                      President, and Chief Executive Officer, Defense, Space & Security


Ted Colbert
Chief Information Officer, The Boeing Company
Senior Vice President, Information Technology & Data Analytics


Raymond L. Conner
Vice Chairman, The Boeing Company


Stanley A. Deal
Executive Vice President, The Boeing Company
                    President and Chief Executive Officer, Boeing Global Services


Thomas J. Downey
Senior Vice President, Communications, The Boeing Company


Scott Fancher
Senior Vice President, Program Management, Integration & Development Programs, The Boeing Company


Greg Hyslop
Chief Technology Officer, The Boeing Company
Senior Vice President, Boeing Engineering, Test & Technology


Timothy Keating
Senior Vice President, Government Operations, The Boeing Company


J. Michael Luttig
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, The Boeing Company



Kevin McAllister
Executive Vice President, The Boeing Company
                      President and Chief Executive Officer, Commercial Airplanes


Jenette E. Ramos
Senior Vice President, Supply Chain & Operations, The  Boeing Company


Diana Sands
Senior Vice President, Office of Internal Governance and Administration, The Boeing Company



Greg Smith
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President,Enterprise Performance & Strategy, The Boeing Company














View more executive biographies








About Boeing Commercial Airplanes








Boeing Commercial Airplanes is committed to being the leader in commercial aviation by offering airplanes and services that deliver superior design, efficiency and value to customers around the world. There are more than 10,000 Boeing commercial jetliners in service, flying passengers and freight more efficiently than competing models in the market.


Overview
Executive Biographies
Airplane Orders & Deliveries
Market Forecast
Major Assembly sites
Prices
Aviation Safety
Startup Boeing
Randy’s Journal


























About Boeing Defense, Space & Security








Boeing Defense, Space & Security is committed to providing customers around the world with the right capabilities, at the right time, at the right cost. As one of the two main business units of the world’s leading aerospace company, BDS specializes in innovative, capabilities-driven solutions across platforms, services and support, and information and technologies. Headquartered in St. Louis and with significant operations in many states and several countries, Boeing Defense, Space & Security is a $30 billion business that has approximately 50,000 employees worldwide.

Learn More

























About Boeing Global Services








Boeing Global Services delivers complete, cost-competitive service solutions for commercial, defense and space customers, regardless of their equipment's original manufacturer. With engineering, digital analytics, supply chain and training support spanning across both the government and commercial service offerings, Boeing Global Services is uniquely positioned to keep passengers flying, and nations safe.
Learn more
























Key Organizations at Boeing








With local presence and a global vision, Boeing people are at the heart of our tradition of leadership and innovation. We serve customers in 150 countries by delivering top quality technical and professional services through organizations that bring to bear “the best of Boeing” every day. These organizations engage on everything from advanced research and development to conservation efforts to public policy advocacy to arranging financing solutions for our customers. Such organizations are:


Boeing AnalytX
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Technology Services
Boeing HorizonX
Boeing International
Government Operations
Shared Services Group
Advertising & Brand
Licensing



















Tours of Boeing Facilities








Boeing offers public tours at two of its facilities:
Everett, Wash. -- The Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour is located in Mukilteo, Wash., 25 miles north of Seattle. Public tours of Boeing's Everett factory are available seven days a week. The Everett, Wash., facility is home to the 747, 767, 777 and 787 Dreamliner production lines and is the world's largest building by volume. Visitors will see airplanes being built for our worldwide base of airline customers.
St. Louis, Mo. -- The James S. McDonnell Prologue Room Air and Space History Exhibit showcases the pioneers of aviation, their achievements and those of the thousands of workers who turned dreams into reality. The Prologue Room is located in the Boeing-St. Louis headquarters adjacent to Lambert-St. Louis International airport. The Prologue Room is open for self-guided tours weekdays during June, July and August only. Guided tours are available to groups of 10 or more






















Boeing: Help - Logon to the Secure Web Portal























Boeing









+share








Boeing


Secure Logon

Help - Secure Logon








Help - Logon to the Secure Web Portal






First Time Log-on  Instructions (except users logging in through Exostar)

You must take two actions the first time you  access the portal.     

Change your temporary password.     

At the login screen, type in your UserID and  Password. Press "Submit".
You will be prompted to enter your current  password and select and verify a new password. Press "Submit"
 The  password must be 8 to 12 characters in length and contain at least one numeral  and one letter. 
The UserID and Password are case sensitive, so  be sure to remember whether you use upper or lower case letters.
A message will appear indicating your password  change was successful. Press the "Continue" button to display the  portal home page.


Select challenge and response pairs used for  verification when resetting passwords with the self-service password reset tool.  After login, you will be redirected to a page  where you can select five challenge questions and enter your responses.  Please take this opportunity to complete this  immediately. Otherwise, you will be redirected to this page every time you log  in until you do select your questions and provide responses.



Additional  Information

To Update Your Profile: Select the "Update  My Profile" link under the "My Account" heading. Select the  "Update Profile Information" link. From here, you may update:     

E-mail Address
Phone Number
Fax Number
Business Address


Password Changes: You may change your password  any time that you visit the portal home page. Select the “Change Password” link  under the "My Account" heading. Enter your current password, enter  your new password, confirm your new password, and press the “Submit” button. 
Password Expiration: Boeing security policy  requires that passwords be changed every 90 days. You can change it sooner if  you like. A notice will automatically remind you after 90 days. Passwords may  not be reused; therefore, you always need to enter a new one after the  expiration date. 
Password Reset: If you forget or lose your  password, please use the self-service password reset tool located on the portal  log-on screen. Press the blue button titled "Forgot Your Password?"  You may also call the Boeing Enterprise Help Desk 

These password reset tool will only  work if you have selected your challenge/response pairs for verification.
Authorized Public Key  Infrastructure (PKI or x.509 Certificate Users)

If your organization has a PKI agreement with  Boeing, your PKI certificate may be used to log in. The first time you use a  PKI certificate, you will be prompted to login using your User-ID and Password  so that your PKI certificate can be associated to your User-ID. If your  organization does not have a PKI agreement with Boeing, your browser will  report an error. If you receive an error, use your User-ID and Password to log  in.

To Get an Account

Contact your Boeing representative or the Boeing  focal who controls the information that you desire access to.

Obtain additional  help for accounts and password resets at the Boeing Enterprise Help Desk

Customers, partners, suppliers:  (425) 237-8000
Boeing employees: USA and  International callers dial (425) 234-0911
Boeing employees: USA only, toll  free (888) 469-0911

NOTE: International callers - USA  Country code is 1
Return to the Secure Access Welcome Page





Boeing: Defense Overview























Boeing









+share













Defense













Broad Expertise, Integrated Systems






Boeing’s expertise spans a broad range of products in defense.  Fighter jets, rotorcraft, embedded product support, cybersecurity  products, surveillance suites, advanced weapons, missile defense and  commercial aircraft derivatives all fit in Boeing’s portfolio. The company can leverage this holistic knowledge and deliver the value of  those integrated systems to its customers.








Defense
                                 Features
                              












Home Away From Home


June 07, 2017
                                            in
                                            Defense, CommunityThe U.S. Navy's Blue Angels, visited the Boeing Saint Louis site. The pilots met with Boeing employees and toured the factory where Boeing builds F/A-18 aircraft.LEARN MORE











Boeing Begins Deep Sea Adventure


June 05, 2017
                                            in
                                            Technology, DefenseBoeing tests its largest unmanned undersea vehicle in the open ocean.LEARN MORE











Chinook Flight Testers Make it Rain Over Desert


May 18, 2017
                                            in
                                            Technology, DefenseBoeing flight test teams made it rain over the Arizona desert while testing an upgrade to the Chinook helicopter.LEARN MORE











Blended Wing Body Goes with the Flow in New Visualization Test


May 02, 2017
                                            in
                                            Technology, DefenseBoeing engineers recently made an important step in the maturation of the Blended Wing Body (BWB) aircraft concept thanks to a flow visualization test of a scale model in the Huntington Beach, Calif. water tunnel.LEARN MORE











Second T-X Takes Flight


April 25, 2017
                                            in
                                            DefenseBoeing and partner SAAB completed the first flight of the second production-ready T-X aircraft, which is identical to the first and designed specifically for the U.S. Air Force advanced pilot training requirement.LEARN MORE











Harvesting a fighter's jet blast ain’t just hot air


March 27, 2017
                                            in
                                            Technology, DefenseTeams work to turn heat into power and get the next generation of jet fighters the energy they need.LEARN MORE











Every Minute Counts


March 21, 2017
                                            in
                                            DefenseUntil the Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile is replaced, it's the job of a Boeing team in Utah to keep the current arsenal mission-ready.LEARN MORE







See All Defense Stories  









Defense Products









A-10 Wing Replacement 



AH-6 Light Attack Helicopter 



AH-64 Apache



Airborne Early Warning & Control 



Air Force One



Apache Longbow Crew Training System



B-1B Lancer



B-52



C-17 Globemaster III 



C-17 Training System



C-40 Clipper



CH-47 Chinook 



Constant Resolution Visual System 



Cybersecurity & Information Management



Directed Energy 



F/A-18 Super Hornet 



EA-18G Growler 



F-15 Eagle 



Ground-based Midcourse Defense 



Integrated Live Virtual and Constructive Training 



JSTARS



KC-46A Pegasus Tanker 



Maritime Surveillance Aircraft 



MH-139



Minuteman III 



P-8



P-8 Training



Phantom Eye 



QF-16 



Services and Support 



Unmanned Little Bird H-6U 



V-22 Osprey



Weapons











Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Boeing: Select Products in Boeing History























Boeing









+share













Select Products inBoeing History













Commercial Airplanes






Below is listing of commercial transport aircraft and some of their variants derived for military use.

707/720 717/MD-95 727 737 747 757 767 777 787 B & W Seaplane B-1 SeaplaneCloudster Passenger BiplaneDC-1 DC-2 DC-3 DC-4 DC-5 DC-6/C-118 A LiftmasterDC-7DC-8


DC-9DC-10/KC-10 Transport/Tanker Doodlebug Research Vehicle Dolphin Amphibian Douglas World Cruiser Gamma Passenger TransportH-1 Racer Racing MonoplaneH-4 Hercules Flying BoatMD-11 MD-80/MD-90 Model 40 Model 80 Model 234 Chinook Model 247 C-73 Model 307 Stratoliner Model 314 Clipper Model 367-80 Model 377 Stratocruiser Monomail Supersonic Transport









Defense Products







A-17/8A A-26/B-26 Invader A3D/A-3 Skywarrior A3J-1/A-5/RA-5C Vigilante A4D/A-4 Skyhawk AC-130U Gunship AD/A-1 Skyraider Attack Bomber  AGM-69 Short Range Attack Missile AGM/RGM/UGM-84D Harpoon Missile AGM-86B-C Air Launched Cruise Missile AH-64 Apache AJ Savage AV-8B Harrier II Avenger Missile Launcher B-2 Spirit Bomber B-9 Bomber B-17 Flying Fortress B-18 Bolo B-1 Lancer B-25 Mitchell B-29 Superfortress B-45 Tornado Bomber B-47 Stratojet B-50 B-52 Stratofortress BT-9 "Yale" Trainer C-17 Globemaster III C-47 Skytrain C-74 Globemaster I C-97/KC-97 Stratofreighter C-124 Globemaster II Military Transport C-133 Cargomaster CH-21 Shawnee/Vertol 44 Helicopter CH-46 Sea Knight CH-47 Chinook Condor Unmanned Aerial Vehicle DarkStar Unmanned Aerial Vehicle DB-7/A-20 Boston Havoc DT Torpedo Bomber E-3 Airborne Warning and Control System E-4 Advanced Airborne Command Post E-6 Mercury TACAMO F/A-18 Hornet F-15 Eagle F-22 Raptor F-100 Super Sabre F-101 Voodoo Fighter F2H Banshee F3D/F-10 Skyknight F3H/F-3 Demon F-4 Phantom II F4D/F-6A Skyray F-86 Sabre Jet FH-1 Phantom I FJ Fury GAM-77/AGM-28 Hound Dog Missile  GBU-15/AGM-130 Weapon System


Gargoyle Missile Ground-to-Air Pilotless Aircraft Missile HiMAT Research Vehicle HRP-1 Helicopter HUP-1 Retriever/H-25 Army Mule IM-99A/B Bomarc Missile Joint Direct Attack Munition Joint Helmet Mounted Cueing System KC-135 Stratotanker LGM-30 Minuteman MB-1/Air 2 Genie Missile  Model 79 Big Henry Model C Trainer NA-16 Basic Trainer NA-21 Bomber Dragon Nike Missile O-2 Surveillance O-31/O-35/O-43/O-46A Surveillance O-47 Surveillance OH-6 Cayuse/Hughes 500 OV-10 Bronco Multimission Aircraft P-12/F4B Fighter P-26 Peashooter P-51 Mustang P-82 Twin Mustang PW-9/FB NB Fighter RAH-66 Comanche SBD/A-24 Dauntless ScanEagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Stearman Kaydet Trainer T-2 Buckeye Trainer T-28 Trojan Trainer T2D-1 Torpedo Bomber T-39 Sabreliner Trainer T-45 Goshawk Trainer T-6 Texan Trainer TBD Devastator Thor Missile V-22 Osprey VC-137C Air Force One WAC Corporal Missile X-3 Stiletto Test Aircraft X-31 Test Aircraft X-32 Joint Strike Fighter X-45 Joint Unmanned Combat Air System XB-15 XB-70A Valkyrie XF-11 Reconnaissance Aircraft XF-85 Goblin XF8B-1 XH-20 Little Henry XP-67 XPBB-1 Sea Ranger XSM-64 Navajo Missile YC-15 YF-107









Space Products







376 Satellite 601 Satellite 702 Satellite Apollo Lunar Spacecraft Delta Rocket Gemini Spacecraft Inertial Upper Stage RocketInternational Space StationLittle Joe Launch VehicleLunar Orbiter Spacecraft


Lunar Roving Vehicle Mariner 10 Spacecraft Mercury Spacecraft Saturn V Moon Rocket Solar Power Satellite Space Shuttle Orbiter Surveyor Lunar Spacecraft X-15 Research Aircraft X-20 Dyna-Soar









Other Systems







Connexion by Boeing Mobile Communications Service JETFOIL/Hydrofoil MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbine Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine Personal Rapid Transit System Light Rail Vehicle/Rapid Transit Car






 




Boeing Company - The New York Times







































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation




The New York Times







            Boeing Company        

|






Search

Subscribe Now
Log In

0
Settings




Close search










Advertisement








Supported by






                Boeing Company            








News about Boeing Company, including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.                    











Latest Articles







                    New Iran Deals for Airbus Jets Increase Pressure on Trump                
The agreements, for 73 aircraft, suggest an industry bet that the Trump administration will not block such transactions despite its hostility toward Iran.











                    Paris Air Show Faces Head Winds, and Britain Looks at Fox’s Bid to Buy Sky                
Aviation analysts predict an aircraft sales slowdown that could last years. Meanwhile, regulators consider a proposed takeover of a British satellite provider by 21st Century Fox.











                    After Surge in Orders, Airlines Now Balk at Wide-Bodies                
Airbus has pulled ahead of Boeing in orders for smaller planes by installing new engines and other improvements on its A320 and A321 jets.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW














                    United Faces $435,000 Fine, Accused of Flying Plane 23 Times Without Inspecting Repair, F.A.A. Says                
The agency said the airline had failed to inspect a Boeing 787 after a fuel pump pressure switch repair.
By CHRISTINE HAUSER













News Analysis

                    As Iran and U.S. Leaders Trade Barbs, Big Deals Proceed                
While Trump calls for Iran’s isolation and Khamenei snipes in return, the two sides are inking billion-dollar deals and keeping lines of communication open.
By THOMAS ERDBRINK














                    China’s New Jetliner, the Comac C919, Takes Flight for First Time                
The first Chinese-built passenger jetliner symbolizes the industrial might of an emerging superpower — and its ambition to take on Boeing and Airbus.
By KEITH BRADSHER













Update

                    On New Planes, American Airlines Will Add Seats and Reduce Space                
The company plans to shrink space between rows in its economy section, bringing it closer to low-cost competitors.
By ELAINE GLUSAC














                    Movers: Tax Cuts, Twitter and a Pokémon Bounce                
We’re following major developments in the markets throughout the day.
By THE NEW YORK TIMES














                    Iran May Get First New Boeing Jetliner a Year Ahead of Time                
Delivery of the Boeing 777 would expedite the most significant business deal between Iran and the United States in nearly four decades.
By RICK GLADSTONE














                    Trump Faces Test as Boeing Announces Deal to Sell Jetliners to Iran                
Boeing said the agreement to sell up to 60 737s, which requires U.S. government approval, would create 18,000 American jobs.
By RICK GLADSTONE


















                    A Pentagon Test for Boeing’s Mr. Fix-It                
Patrick M. Shanahan brings a reputation as an aerospace troubleshooter to his expected nomination for the No. 2 defense job, which others found too big to handle.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW














                    Trump Talk Rattles Aerospace Industry, Up and Down Supply Chain                
Many in the field fear border tariffs and trade deals will raise the cost of American airplanes, sending shock waves though its thousands of suppliers.
By KIRK JOHNSON














                    Trump, Battered in Washington, Is Buoyed at Boeing Rally                
The president, visiting South Carolina en route to Florida, seemed thrilled to escape the marble political prison that is his new home.
By GLENN THRUSH














                    A Little Birdie Told Me: Playing the Market on Trump Tweets                
Automated bots and armchair investors are watching the president’s Twitter feed for company mentions, but predicting what happens next can be tricky.
By NATHANIEL POPPER














                    Boeing Workers Reject a Union in South Carolina                
Employees faced enormous pressure from management ahead of the vote, which was widely viewed as an early test of labor’s strength in the Trump era.
By NOAM SCHEIBER














                    Union Vote at Boeing Plant Tests Labor’s Sway Under Trump                
A bid to organize workers in South Carolina challenges the company’s leverage over the union at its facilities near Seattle.
By NOAM SCHEIBER and CHRISTOPHER DREW














                    Immigration Order Complicates U.S. Businesses’ Plans in the Middle East                
Companies with interests in Iraq, or ambitions in Iran, are anxious about a deterioration in relations that could deter business travel or investment.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW and CLIFFORD KRAUSS














                    One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money                
An earlier attempt tried cameras and radar but ran over budget. The project was a loss for taxpayers. But for contractors, it was a big win.
By DANIELLE IVORY and JULIE CRESWELL














                    Trump’s Push to Cut Jet Costs Hits a Nerve, but His Demands Face Limitations                
The President-elect may be pitting defense contractors against each to force down prices, but military and political realities may intervene.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW













Update

                    Smaller Bathrooms on Planes Pose Challenges for Passengers                
Lavatories on some single-aisle aircraft have been reconfigured, drawing criticism from fliers and flight attendants.
By DINAH ENG













Show More
Skip to Navigation


















                        Recent Videos                    












Trump Meets With Top Defense Contractors
Dec. 22, 2016













Trump Again Slams Costs of Air Force One
Dec. 6, 2016













China Unveils First Passenger Jet
Nov. 2, 2015













Search Articles
20 results for  sorted by newest









                    New Iran Deals for Airbus Jets Increase Pressure on Trump                
The agreements, for 73 aircraft, suggest an industry bet that the Trump administration will not block such transactions despite its hostility toward Iran.











                    Paris Air Show Faces Head Winds, and Britain Looks at Fox’s Bid to Buy Sky                
Aviation analysts predict an aircraft sales slowdown that could last years. Meanwhile, regulators consider a proposed takeover of a British satellite provider by 21st Century Fox.











                    After Surge in Orders, Airlines Now Balk at Wide-Bodies                
Airbus has pulled ahead of Boeing in orders for smaller planes by installing new engines and other improvements on its A320 and A321 jets.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW














                    United Faces $435,000 Fine, Accused of Flying Plane 23 Times Without Inspecting Repair, F.A.A. Says                
The agency said the airline had failed to inspect a Boeing 787 after a fuel pump pressure switch repair.
By CHRISTINE HAUSER













News Analysis

                    As Iran and U.S. Leaders Trade Barbs, Big Deals Proceed                
While Trump calls for Iran’s isolation and Khamenei snipes in return, the two sides are inking billion-dollar deals and keeping lines of communication open.
By THOMAS ERDBRINK














                    China’s New Jetliner, the Comac C919, Takes Flight for First Time                
The first Chinese-built passenger jetliner symbolizes the industrial might of an emerging superpower — and its ambition to take on Boeing and Airbus.
By KEITH BRADSHER













Update

                    On New Planes, American Airlines Will Add Seats and Reduce Space                
The company plans to shrink space between rows in its economy section, bringing it closer to low-cost competitors.
By ELAINE GLUSAC














                    Movers: Tax Cuts, Twitter and a Pokémon Bounce                
We’re following major developments in the markets throughout the day.
By THE NEW YORK TIMES














                    Iran May Get First New Boeing Jetliner a Year Ahead of Time                
Delivery of the Boeing 777 would expedite the most significant business deal between Iran and the United States in nearly four decades.
By RICK GLADSTONE














                    Trump Faces Test as Boeing Announces Deal to Sell Jetliners to Iran                
Boeing said the agreement to sell up to 60 737s, which requires U.S. government approval, would create 18,000 American jobs.
By RICK GLADSTONE

















                    A Pentagon Test for Boeing’s Mr. Fix-It                
Patrick M. Shanahan brings a reputation as an aerospace troubleshooter to his expected nomination for the No. 2 defense job, which others found too big to handle.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW














                    Trump Talk Rattles Aerospace Industry, Up and Down Supply Chain                
Many in the field fear border tariffs and trade deals will raise the cost of American airplanes, sending shock waves though its thousands of suppliers.
By KIRK JOHNSON














                    Trump, Battered in Washington, Is Buoyed at Boeing Rally                
The president, visiting South Carolina en route to Florida, seemed thrilled to escape the marble political prison that is his new home.
By GLENN THRUSH














                    A Little Birdie Told Me: Playing the Market on Trump Tweets                
Automated bots and armchair investors are watching the president’s Twitter feed for company mentions, but predicting what happens next can be tricky.
By NATHANIEL POPPER














                    Boeing Workers Reject a Union in South Carolina                
Employees faced enormous pressure from management ahead of the vote, which was widely viewed as an early test of labor’s strength in the Trump era.
By NOAM SCHEIBER














                    Union Vote at Boeing Plant Tests Labor’s Sway Under Trump                
A bid to organize workers in South Carolina challenges the company’s leverage over the union at its facilities near Seattle.
By NOAM SCHEIBER and CHRISTOPHER DREW














                    Immigration Order Complicates U.S. Businesses’ Plans in the Middle East                
Companies with interests in Iraq, or ambitions in Iran, are anxious about a deterioration in relations that could deter business travel or investment.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW and CLIFFORD KRAUSS














                    One Certainty of Trump’s Wall: Big Money                
An earlier attempt tried cameras and radar but ran over budget. The project was a loss for taxpayers. But for contractors, it was a big win.
By DANIELLE IVORY and JULIE CRESWELL














                    Trump’s Push to Cut Jet Costs Hits a Nerve, but His Demands Face Limitations                
The President-elect may be pitting defense contractors against each to force down prices, but military and political realities may intervene.
By CHRISTOPHER DREW













Update

                    Smaller Bathrooms on Planes Pose Challenges for Passengers                
Lavatories on some single-aisle aircraft have been reconfigured, drawing criticism from fliers and flight attendants.
By DINAH ENG












Show More
Skip to Navigation















Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times















































Boeing Company | American company | Britannica.com

































Encyclopædia Britannica




Subscribe






Log In · Join






Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies




Search Britannica








What are you looking for?

Search






Browse popular topics:

Dunkirk evacuation
Pangea
truth
Cold War
Sir Isaac Newton











Boeing CompanyAmerican company



Written By:
Stanley I. Weiss,
Amir R. Amir


See Article History






Alternative Titles:
		Boeing Aircraft Company, Pacific Aero Products Company








Related Topics


aerospace industry


business organization


Chicago


Seattle 1990s overview


Seattle


Homicides in Chicago, 2012


International Space Station (ISS)


McDonnell Douglas Corporation


BAE Systems


military aircraft



Boeing Company, American aerospace company—the world’s largest—that is the foremost manufacturer of commercial jet transports. It is also a leading producer of military aircraft, helicopters, space vehicles, and missiles, a standing significantly enhanced with the company’s acquisition of the aerospace and defense units of Rockwell International Corporation in 1996 and its merger with McDonnell Douglas Corporation in 1997. Formerly Boeing Airplane Company, the firm assumed its current name in 1961 to reflect its expansion into fields beyond aircraft manufacture. Headquarters were in Seattle until 2001, when Boeing relocated to Chicago.Boeing 707.© icholakov/FotoliaBoeing Company’s constituent business units are organized around three main groups of products and services—commercial airplanes, military aircraft and missiles, and space and communications. Boeing manufactures seven distinct families of commercial aircraft, which are assembled in two facilities—Renton and Everett—in Washington state and one facility in California. The Renton plant builds the narrow-body Boeing 737 and 757 aircraft, while the wide-body Boeing 747, 767, and 777 aircraft are assembled at the Everett plant. The new 787 aircraft are assembled at the Everett plant and at a facility in North Charleston, South Carolina. The group’s Douglas Products Division in California manufactures the Boeing 717 (formerly the McDonnell Douglas MD-95) and MD-11 airliners. Boeing Business Jets, a joint venture of Boeing and General Electric Co., makes and markets a business jet based on the 737-700 airliner.The company’s military-related activities are centred on the design, manufacture, and support of fighter aircraft, bombers, transports, helicopters, and missiles. Its products include, among others, the F-15 Eagle, F/A-18 Hornet and Super Hornet, and AV-8 Harrier fighters; the C-17 Globemaster III airlifter; the AH-64 Apache series of attack helicopters; the CH-47 Chinook transport helicopter; and the AWACS (Airborne Warning and Control System) aircraft, based on the 767. Boeing contributes to the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-superiority stealth fighter and the Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit stealth bomber. In partnership with Bell Helicopter Textron, it builds the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft, and, with United Technologies’ Sikorsky division, it makes the RAH-66 Comanche armed reconnaissance helicopter. The company also builds the Harpoon antiship missile, the air-launched Standoff Land Attack Missile (SLAM), and the air-launched cruise missile (ALCM).An X-15 air launched from under a U.S. Air Force B-52 mother ship, c. 1960s.NASA/Dryden Research Aircraft Movie Collection






Similar Topics


Netflix, Inc.


Amazon.com


Microsoft Corporation


Apple Inc.


Twitter


Vodafone


Tesla Motors


Google Inc.


Facebook


Disney Company



In the space and communications sector, Boeing produces the Delta family of launch vehicles; the Inertial Upper Stage (IUS), an in-space solid-rocket booster; and rocket engines for Delta launchers and other vehicles. It participates in processing, ground operation, and training activities for the U.S. space shuttle fleet through United Space Alliance, a joint venture with Lockheed Martin Corporation. As the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s (NASA’s) prime contractor for the International Space Station (ISS), Boeing leads an industry team comprising most major U.S. aerospace companies and hundreds of smaller suppliers and integrates the work of ISS participants from non-U.S. countries. Its involvement in commercial space development includes partnerships in the multinational Sea Launch Company and in the Teledesic consortium formed to build a satellite-based, Internet-like telecommunications service. It also makes satellites for the Navstar Global Positioning System (GPS). In 2000 Boeing employed a workforce of about 200,000 people in 60 countries and 27 U.S. states.The International Space Station, imaged from the space shuttle Endeavour on December 9, …National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationHistory of Boeing CompanyBoeing’s origin dates to 1916 when the American timber merchant William E. Boeing founded Aero Products Company shortly after he and U.S. Navy officer Conrad Westervelt developed a single-engine, two-seat seaplane, the B&W. Renamed Boeing Airplane Company in 1917, the enterprise built “flying boats” for the Navy during World War I, and in the 1920s and ’30s it successfully sold its trainers, pursuit planes, observation craft, torpedo planes, and patrol bombers to the U.S. military. In the late 1920s Boeing Airplane expanded into airmail services, and in 1928 William Boeing formed Boeing Airplane & Transport Corporation to encompass both manufacturing and airline operations. The next year the company was renamed United Aircraft and Transport Corporation and acquired several aircraft makers, among them Chance Vought, Avion (which became Northrop Aircraft), Stearman Aircraft, Sikorsky Aviation, engine manufacturer Pratt & Whitney, and aircraft and propeller maker Hamilton Metalplane. In 1931 it combined four smaller airlines under its ownership into United Airlines. In 1934, under new U.S. antitrust legislation (the Air Mail Act of 1934), aircraft manufacture was required to be divorced from air transport, and a newly incorporated Boeing Airplane Company became one of the three companies to emerge from the dissolution of United Aircraft and Transport. The other two were United Aircraft Corporation (now United Technologies Corporation) and United Airlines.Construction of HS-2L “flying boats” at Boeing’s Seattle facility, c. 1917.National Archives, Washington, D.C.







				Britannica Stories





Demystified / Science
									Do Lie Detectors Actually Work?










Spotlight / Animals
									How Service Animals Help Humans Live Fuller Lives










Spotlight / Society
									Plastic Disaster: How Your Bags, Bottles, and Body Wash Pollute the Oceans










Demystified / Literature & Language
									Lay, Lie, Lied, Lain: When Do We Use Which?










Prior to and during World War II, Boeing Airplane Company built several famous commercial aircraft, such as the Model 247 twin-engine monoplane, the Model 314 flying boat (one of Pan American’s Clipper-class aircraft), and the Model 307 Stratoliner, the first airliner with a pressurized cabin. Boeing’s legendary bombers, the B-17 Flying Fortress (first flown in 1935) and the B-29 Superfortress (1942), played key roles in the Allied war effort in World War II. In the postwar years Boeing continued its military commitments with the six-engine B-47 Stratojet (1947) and eight-engine B-52 Stratofortress (1952) jet bombers.
Test Your Knowledge


All About Astronomy

While Boeing was successfully selling military aircraft, its commercial products lagged behind those of rivals Douglas and Lockheed. To compete in the fierce and expanding world market after World War II, the company decided to develop an airliner, powered by turbojets, with enough range to cross the North Atlantic. After initial hesitation from airlines (most of which had committed to popular and less-expensive propeller-driven airliners from rival firms), but buttressed by sales to the U.S. Air Force in the form of an aerial tanker (the KC-135 Stratotanker), the four-engine plane, designated the 707, went into commercial service in 1958 on a Pan American transatlantic route. The aircraft quickly won over passengers with its shorter flight time and smoother ride and subsequently helped to revolutionize air travel. The 707 was followed by the 727 trijet and 737 twinjet, which entered service in 1964 and 1968, respectively. The 737 was developed into a modern family of planes, and by the end of the 20th century it had become the world’s best-selling commercial aircraft. The high development costs of the 747 “Jumbo Jet,” the world’s first wide-body jetliner, almost forced Boeing into bankruptcy, but, when the 400-seat aircraft went into service in 1970, it allowed airlines to offer affordable long-range air travel for the general public and gave Boeing a monopoly position in this market segment.U.S. Air Force KC-135A Stratotanker taking off on a test flight of its winglets (bendable wing …NASA/Dryden Research Aircraft Movie CollectionU.S. Air Force Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker “City of Renton” on its maiden flight, …(Top) Museum of Flight/Corbis, (centre) Keystone/Hulton Archive/Getty Images, (bottom) BoeingUnited Airlines Boeing 737-522.Dylan AsheOverview of a Boeing 747 undergoing a comprehensive inspection known as the D-Check.Contunico © ZDF Enterprises GmbH, Mainz






Britannica Lists & Quizzes








Pop Culture Quiz
                                The Muppets










Pop Culture List
                                Behind the Scenes: 9 Historical Inspirations for Game of Thrones










Literature & Language Quiz
                                Jane Austen










History List
                                6 Oddly Named U.S. Government Operations





In 1960 Boeing purchased Vertol Corporation, then the world’s largest independent manufacturer of helicopters. As Boeing Helicopters, the unit focused on tandem-rotor helicopters and was responsible for the development of the CH-47 Chinook and CH-46 Sea Knight military transport helicopters (first flown in 1961 and 1962, respectively). Boeing’s work on missiles, which began in 1945, resulted in such weapons as the silo-launched Minuteman intercontinental ballistic missile (deployed in 1962) and the AGM-86B/C air-launched cruise missile (deployed in 1982).In the space sector during the 1960s and ’70s, Boeing built the Lunar Orbiters, NASA’s first spacecraft to orbit the Moon (1966–67), and the Mariner 10 space probe, which took the first close-up pictures of the surface of Mercury (1974–75). It also designed and built the first stage of the Saturn V rockets that sent Apollo astronauts to the Moon and the battery-powered Lunar Roving Vehicles used in the Apollo 15, 16, and 17 missions. In 1976 it entered the upper-stage-rocket arena when it was selected to develop the Inertial Upper Stage (IUS), a two-stage payload delivery vehicle that can be taken into space by either a space shuttle or a launcher such as the Titan. In 1993 NASA selected Boeing as the prime contractor for the ISS, and two years later the company became responsible for the integration and verification of ISS systems and the design, analysis, manufacture, verification, and delivery of the American components of the station.The Lunar Roving Vehicle, used on the Apollo 15, 16, and 17 missions. Built by Boeing largely of …NASA






Connect with Britannica

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Pinterest

In the 1960s and ’70s Boeing also diversified into areas such as marine craft (hydrofoils), transit systems, energy production, and agriculture but later refocused on aerospace. In 1981 the company first flew its twin-engine, wide-body Boeing 767, followed by its twin-engine, single-aisle 757 the next year. By featuring a common flight deck for the two aircraft, pilots who trained and qualified on one plane could also fly the other, thus reducing cost and increasing productivity for carriers. This concept of commonality also applied to more than 40 percent of all 757-767 parts. For its next jetliner, the twin-engine, wide-body 777, Boeing involved several key airlines in the development process in order to ensure that market needs and customer preferences were satisfied. Advances in computers and computer-aided design and manufacturing (CAD/CAM) software allowed Boeing to develop the 777 entirely on computers without having to build a physical mock-up of the airplane. The first flight took place in 1994.In 1991 the U.S. Air Force chose a design offered by a consortium comprising Lockheed (later Lockheed Martin), Boeing, and General Dynamics for a twin-engine advanced tactical fighter with stealth features; the aircraft was named the F-22 Raptor and was first flown in 1997. In 1996 Boeing and Lockheed Martin received U.S. defense contracts to build competitive technology demonstrators for the Joint Strike Fighter, intended as an affordable, next-generation, multirole fighter for the armed services of the United States and Britain. In 1995 Boeing joined Ukrainian, Russian, and Anglo-Norwegian partners to form Sea Launch, a commercial launch services company that sent satellites into geostationary orbit from a floating platform at an equatorial site in the Pacific Ocean. Commercial launches began in 1999. In 2000 Boeing acquired the satellite business of Hughes Electronics.






Trending Topics


Dunkirk evacuation


Pangea


truth


Cold War


Sir Isaac Newton


France


communism


World War II


Industrial Revolution


list of cities and towns in the United States



In 2003 Boeing began taking orders for the 787 Dreamliner, a mid-range jet with speeds (Mach 0.85) that would match the fastest wide-body long-range planes but with vastly improved fuel efficiency, thanks to new high-bypass turbofan engines built by Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce and a radically innovative body design. Roughly half of the primary structure of the 787, including the fuselage section and the wings, was made of carbon-fibre and plastic composite materials, lighter than the aluminum alloys used in most aircraft. Many airlines, faced with rising fuel costs, saw the 787 as key to upgrading their fleets in the following decade and ordered hundreds of the new planes. Originally scheduled to be delivered for commercial service starting in 2008, the 787 was beset with several production problems, not the least of which was failure of the crucial fuselage section in stress tests. Consequently, Boeing did not make initial delivery until 2011. In January 2013, following an airworthiness directive issued by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) that was subsequently taken up by regulators worldwide, all 787s in operation globally were temporarily grounded until a potential risk for battery fire was corrected.Rockwell International CorporationThe history of Rockwell International’s aerospace and defense business dates to the founding in 1928 of North American Aviation, Incorporated, by the financier and corporate organizer Clement Melville Keys as an elaborate holding company, 70 percent of which was owned by Curtiss Aeroplane & Motor Corporation and the remainder by Transcontinental Air Transport (TAT), Curtiss Flying Service, and Donald Douglas. In 1933 automobile giant General Motors (GM) acquired a 30 percent stake in North American Aviation through its subsidiary General Aviation Corporation, which also owned Fokker Aircraft. By early 1934 North American owned the Sperry Gyroscope Company, more than a quarter of its former parent TAT (which later would become Trans World Airlines), and a majority share of Western Air Express. Because of the new U.S. antitrust legislation separating aircraft manufacturers from airlines, GM sold most of its holdings in aviation. Although North American Aviation remained partially owned by GM, it became an autonomous company. Under the leadership of the aircraft engineer James Kindelberger, who became North American’s president in 1934, the company transformed itself from a holding company into a highly successful aircraft manufacturer by focusing on single-engine airplanes, and over the next three decades it built more military airplanes than any other American manufacturer. Between 1935 and 1945 North American supplied more than 42,000 military aircraft, which included the distinguished P-51 Mustang fighter and the T-6 Texan trainer (both first flown in 1940).North American Aviation F-86 jet fighter, which became operational in 1949. During the Korean War …United States Air Force MuseumAfter World War II, North American’s aircraft division developed the F-86 Sabre (first flown in 1949), the first American swept-wing jet fighter, and the F-100 Super Sabre, the first American production fighter to fly at supersonic speeds for sustained periods. GM sold its controlling share of North American to the public in 1948, after which the aircraft maker began to diversify, becoming involved in the development of rockets, guidance systems, and atomic energy. In the 1950s it built the X-15 rocket-powered research aircraft for the U.S. military and NASA in order to gather information on flight conditions beyond the atmosphere. First flown in 1959, the X-15 set separate unofficial altitude and speed records for aircraft during the 1960s—almost 108 km (67 miles) and 6.7 times the speed of sound. In 1967 North American Aviation merged with the much smaller company Rockwell Standard Corporation, a maker of automotive parts and later of aircraft, to form North American Rockwell Corporation, which was renamed Rockwell International Corporation in 1973. Rockwell International’s last airplane was the supersonic, variable-wing B-1B Lancer bomber (first flown in 1984), but it remained a major subcontractor to the commercial aerospace sector.North American Aviation X-15 rocket-powered plane being air-launched from a Boeing B-52 bomber. …NASAB-1B Lancer, a variable-wing strategic bomber that first flew in 1984. Powered by four turbofan …Foto ConsortiumIn the 1960s and ’70s the company’s North American division was the key development centre for the Apollo program, including the Saturn V rocket’s second stage and final assembly of the entire launcher. It also designed and built the Apollo Command and Service modules. In 1972 it began development of the space shuttle for NASA, eventually building five operational orbiters. The company’s Rocketdyne division (established as part of North American Aviation in 1955) developed the rocket engines used in many U.S. space programs, including those for the three stages of the Saturn V rocket and the main engines of the shuttle orbiter.U.S. space shuttle orbiter Discovery lifting off from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on …Johnson Space Center/NASARockwell International sold its aerospace and defense units to Boeing in 1996 to focus on its operations in industrial automation, avionics and communications, and electronic commerce. In 2001 it announced plans to spin off its avionics business and rename itself Rockwell Automation.McDonnell Douglas CorporationMcDonnell Douglas was formed in 1967 through the merger of Douglas Aircraft Company with McDonnell Aircraft Corporation. Douglas Aircraft originated in 1921, when the American aircraft designer Donald Douglas established Douglas Company as a successor to a company he had cofounded the previous year. Douglas Company built its early reputation with the World Cruiser, a single-engine biplane that, in 1924, became the first aircraft to fly around the world. The company was restructured in 1928 as Douglas Aircraft Company, and a few years later it began building its “DC” (Douglas Commercial) series of passenger planes. The twin-engine DC-3, first flown in 1935, became the model for future commercial aircraft through its unprecedented level of comfort, reliability, high speed, and, above all, low maintenance cost. Together with its military derivative, the C-47 Skytrain transport, the DC-3 became the best-selling commercial airframe in history, with a production run of 10,300. During World War II Douglas Aircraft contributed some 29,000 warplanes, one-sixth of the U.S. airborne fleet.Donald Douglas, American aircraft designer who founded Douglas Aircraft Company.Mark Kauffman—Time Life Pictures/Getty ImagesAfter the war the company continued to dominate the commercial air routes with its piston-engine DC-6 (first flown in 1946) and DC-7 (1953), whose range made possible nonstop coast-to-coast service. It also developed a number of military jets and missiles, including the A4D Skyhawk (first flown in 1954), a compact, carrier-based attack bomber; the Nike series of antiaircraft and anti-ballistic-missile missiles in the 1950s and ’60s; and the Thor intermediate-range ballistic missile (first launched in 1957), which later became a first-stage space launcher and gave rise to the Delta family of launch vehicles. In 1965 Douglas first flew its twin-engine DC-9 short-haul commercial jetliner, which became the company’s most successful transport since the DC-3.McDonnell Aircraft was founded in 1939 by the American aeronautical engineer James Smith McDonnell. Although the company struggled during its first year, it soon grew rapidly as a manufacturer of airplane parts. Because of the company’s research on the use of jet propulsion for aircraft, the U.S. Navy awarded it a contract to build the FH-1 Phantom, which, in 1946, became the first jet aircraft used on an aircraft carrier. With the success of its highly versatile F-4 Phantom II fighter (first flown in 1958) supplied to the U.S. Air Force and Navy, McDonnell grew quickly to became a major defense supplier. During the 1960s it built the first series of American manned spacecraft—the Mercury and Gemini space capsules.The Gemini 7 spacecraft, as seen from Gemini 6, during rendezvous and station-keeping maneuvres. …NASAIn the mid 1960s McDonnell sought to break into the commercial aircraft market. At the same time, despite the success of the DC-9, the overall financial condition of Douglas Aircraft was deteriorating. In 1967 McDonnell purchased Douglas and took the name McDonnell Douglas Corporation. McDonnell Douglas subsequently introduced several notable aircraft, including the DC-10 (first flown in 1970) for its commercial customers and the F-15 Eagle fighter (1972) and F/A-18 Hornet fighter (1978) for the military. In 1984 McDonnell Douglas expanded its helicopter activities by purchasing Hughes Helicopters, Inc., from the estate of the American aviation manufacturer Howard Hughes. The loss of a contract to build a next-generation fighter prototype for the U.S. armed forces in 1996 and continued poor sales of its commercial aircraft led McDonnell Douglas to its merger with Boeing the following year.Stanley I. WeissAmir R. Amir

Additional Media



					View
					all
					media
				
























More about Boeing Company

8 References found in Britannica ArticlesAssorted Referencesacquisition of McDonnell Douglas Corporation
		(in McDonnell Douglas Corporation)
	advantage of heavy industry in production
		(in international trade: Economies of large-scale production)
	aviation history
		(in history of flight: The airlines reequip)
	
		(in history of flight: Airliners)
	economy of Seattle
		(in Seattle (Washington, United States): Manufacturing)
	merger into United Aircraft and Transport
		(in United Technologies Corporation (UTC))
	role inaerospace industry
		(in aerospace industry: Between the wars)
	bomber aircraft development
		(in military aircraft: Bombers)
	


External Links



GlobalSecurity.org - The Boeing Company



Britannica Web sites
Articles from Britannica encyclopedias for elementary and high school students.Boeing Company - Student Encyclopedia (Ages 11 and up)The Boeing Company is the world’s largest aircraft manufacturer and number one corporate exporter, historically located in Seattle, Washington. The company was founded by William Boeing in 1916 as Pacific Aero Products Company. He also started small airlines to fly mail routes, eventually merging them into what is now United Airlines. (Congress forced separation of aircraft manufacture from airline business in 1934.) Boeing made such well-known war planes as the B-17, the B-47, and the B-25 during World War II, and the B-52 Stratofortress after World War II. Commercial planes include Boeing 707, 727, 747, 757, 767, 777, and 787. Boeing is also active in the U.S. national aerospace program with cruise missile and rocket launchers. (See also aerospace industry).
Article Contributors

Article History







                Feedback
            


Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article!
Contact our editors with your feedback.














IntroductionHistory of Boeing CompanyRockwell International CorporationMcDonnell Douglas Corporation



Keep Exploring Britannica




American Industry and Innovation
Take this History quiz at encyclopedia britannica to test your knowledge American industry and innovation.


            Take this Quiz





11 of the World’s Most Famous Warplanes
World history is often defined by wars. During the 20th and 21st centuries, aircraft came to play increasingly important roles in determining the outcome of battles as well as...


            Read this List





Seattle: 10 Claims to Fame
As a metropolis with a number of prominent cultural associations, Seattle has a tendency to be reduced to only its best-known attractions when referred to by the mass media. However, the Emerald City is...


            Read this List





Steve Jobs
cofounder of Apple Computer, Inc. (now Apple Inc.), and a charismatic pioneer of the personal computer era. Founding of Apple Jobs was raised by adoptive parents in Cupertino, California, located in what...


            Read this Article





World Organizations: Fact or Fiction?
Take this History True or False Quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of the World Health Organization, the United Nations, and other world organizations.


            Take this Quiz





A Model of the Cosmos
Sometimes it’s hard to get a handle on the vastness of the universe. How far is an astronomical unit, anyhow? In this list we’ve brought the universe down to a more manageable scale.


            Read this List





Cisco Systems
American technology company, operating worldwide, that is best known for its computer networking products. As a company that sold its products mostly to other businesses, Cisco did not become a household...


            Read this Article





Leonardo da Vinci
Italian “Leonardo from Vinci” Italian painter, draftsman, sculptor, architect, and engineer whose genius, perhaps more than that of any other figure, epitomized the Renaissance humanist ideal. His Last...


            Read this Article





Human Rights Campaign (HRC)
HRC U.S. political advocacy organization promoting equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexual, and queer (LGBTQ) individuals and communities. The Human Rights Campaign (HRC) was founded in 1980...


            Read this Article





Facebook
American company offering online social networking services. Facebook was founded in 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg, Eduardo Saverin, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes, all of whom were students at Harvard...


            Read this Article





Nautical Exploration and Aviation: Fact or Fiction?
Take this History True or False Quiz at Encyclopedia Britannica to test your knowledge of nautical exploration and aviation.


            Take this Quiz





Google Inc.
American search engine company, founded in 1998 by Sergey Brin and Larry Page that is a subsidiary of the holding company Alphabet Inc. More than 70 percent of worldwide online search requests are handled...


            Read this Article




View More













MEDIA FOR:
Boeing Company


Previous

Next









Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Pinterest


 
 
 



 
Citation

MLA
APA
Harvard
Chicago





Email
 



To:

From:

Comment:





You have successfully emailed this.
Error when sending the email. Try again later.










Edit Mode





Boeing Company
American company


 Tips for Editing
Leave Edit Mode
Submit




Table of Contents











Tips For Editing



            We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
        


Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)


            Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
        









Submit




Thank You for Your Contribution!


Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.






Uh Oh


There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close













Menu



Home
Spotlight
Demystified
Quizzes
Galleries
Lists
On This Day
Biographies

Login
Join











                    Contents
                

Contents




Boeing Company
American company









                            View All Media
                            
	                            (15 Images, 4 Videos)
                            






Media



Print


Print
	   Please select which sections you would like to print:
	   







Cite




Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email




Feedback



Feedback

				Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article
			     (requires login).
			 

Select feedback type:

Select a type (Required)
Factual Correction
Spelling/Grammar Correction
Link Correction
Additional Information
Other




Submit Feedback

If you prefer to suggest your own revision of the article, you can go to edit mode  (requires login).


Thank you for your feedback
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.

                 Join Britannica's Publishing Partner Program and our community of experts to gain a global audience for your work!
             



share
Share


Share

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn
Email










Search
















Email this page






Email to





Email from





Subject





Comments







Cancel
Send





×





















﻿



Boeing (NYSE:BA) | Company Info, Defense Programs, Financials


















The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA)

















Boeing (NYSE:BA) | Products & Business Segments





The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, is one of the world's largest aerospace companies and a leading manufacturer 
	of commercial jet aircraft and defense, space and security systems. The company supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries. 
	Boeing's products and services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic and defense systems, 
	launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, as well as performance-based logistics and training.
	In 1916, Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing (as Pacific Aero Products Co.) but renamed the Boeing Airplane Co. the following year.	
	Today, the company is incorporated in Delaware with corporate offices located in Chicago.
	
Boeing operates in five principal business segments: 


• Commercial Airplanes
• Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
      Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA)
      Network & Space Systems (N&SS)
      Global Services & Support (GS&S)
• Boeing Capital Corporation (BCC)
• Other.

The following table highlights Boeing's sales from 2014 to 2016 by segment:




Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Top

Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, principally 
to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Boeing is a leading producer of commercial aircraft and offers a family of commercial jetliners 
designed to meet a broad spectrum of passenger and cargo requirements of domestic and non-U.S. airlines. 
This family of commercial jet aircraft in production includes the 737 narrow-body model and the 747, 767, 777 and 787 wide-body models. 
In November 2013, Boeing launched the 777X, which features a new composite wing, 
new engines and folding wing-tips all designed to deliver greater efficiency and significant fuel savings.
Development continues on the 787-10 and 737 MAX derivatives and the 777X program.  
BCA also offers aviation services support, aircraft modifications, spares, training, maintenance documents and technical advice 
to commercial and government customers worldwide.

BCA's primary commercial airplane manufacturing and assembly locations are Everett and Renton in Washington State 
and Charleston, South Carolina. At Everett, Boeing assembles the company's wide-body aircraft families: 747-8, 767, 777 and 787. 
At Renton, Boeing assembles its 737NG Family of narrow-body aircraft. Boeing South Carolina is home to the company's 
second 787 Dreamliner final assembly and delivery facility.


     Financial results for Boeing's Commercial Airplanes segment were as follows:



BCA revenues decreased by $979 million or 1% in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to lower deliveries. 
Revenues increased by $6,058 million or 10% in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher new airplane deliveries and mix.

Earnings from operations in 2016 decreased by $2,027 million compared with the same period in 2015. The decrease in earnings and operating margins 
is primarily due to higher research and development costs of $1,415 million, delivery mix and higher reach-forward losses on the 747 program 
of $1,258 million compared with $885 million in 2015. Research and development expense in 2016 reflect the reclassification from inventory 
to research and development expense of $1,235 million related to the fourth and fifth 787 flight test aircraft and higher planned spending 
related to the 777X program. Earnings include reach-forward losses related to the KC-46A Tanker of $772 million recorded in 2016 
compared with $513 million in 2015.

     Deliveries of commercial aircraft by model:




Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
Top

The BDS operations principally involve research, development, production, modification and support of the following products and related systems: 
global strike systems, including fighters, bombers, combat rotorcraft systems, weapons and unmanned systems; global mobility systems, including 
transport and tanker aircraft, rotorcraft transport and tilt-rotor systems; airborne surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft, including command 
and control, battle management and airborne anti-submarine aircraft; network and tactical systems, including information and battle management 
systems; intelligence and security systems; missile defense systems; space and intelligence systems, including satellites and commercial 
satellite launching vehicles; and space exploration. BDS focuses on providing affordable, best-of-industry solutions and brings value 
to customers through its ability to solve the most complex problems utilizing expertise in large-scale systems integration, knowledge of 
legacy platforms and development of common network-enabled solutions across all customers' domains. 

BDS consists of three capabilities-driven businesses: 
Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS), and Global Services & Support (GS&S). 
Additionally, the Phantom Works group is an integrated team that works with the three businesses via product development, rapid prototyping 
and customer engagement through experimentation and enterprise technology investment strategies.

     Financial results for Boeing's BDS segment were as follows:



BDS revenues in 2016 decreased by $890 million compared with the same period in 2015 due to lower revenues of $909 million and $705 million 
in the BMA and N&SS segments, partially offset by higher revenues of $724 million in the GS&S segment.

BDS earnings from operations in 2016 decreased by $266 million compared with the same period in 2015 due to lower earnings of $233 million 
and $80 million in the N&SS and BMA segments, partially offset by higher earnings of $47 million in the GS&S segment. 
Included above are net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments, which were $429 million higher in 2016 compared with 2015, 
primarily reflecting the absence of favorable F-15 program adjustments recorded in 2015 and the charge of $162 million 
on the Commercial Crew program recorded at N&SS during 2016.

During 2016, 2015 and 2014, BDS earnings from operations include reach-forward losses of $356 million, $322 million and $187 million 
on the KC-46A Tanker program.

Boeing Military Aircraft
Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA) is engaged in the research, development, production and modification of manned and unmanned military weapons systems for the 
global strike, mobility and surveillance and engagement markets as well as related services. 

The major programs in this segment include for global strike:
EA-18G Growler Airborne Electronic Attack Aircraft, 
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, 
F-15 Strike Eagle, 
and Joint Direct Attack Munition;
for vertical lift: AH-64 Apache,  
CH-47 Chinook, 
and V-22 Osprey;
for unmanned airborne systems programs: Insitu ScanEagle and RQ-21 Blackjack (formerly called the Integrator); 
and for mobility, surveillance and engagement: Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C),
P-8A Poseidon, 
and KC-46 Tanker.

Boeing ceased production of the C-17 Globemaster III in late 2015.
During 2011, BMA production deliveries concluded on the F-22 Raptor
and KC-767 International Tanker programs. 


Financial results for BDS' BMA group were as follows:



BMA revenues in 2016 decreased by $909 million compared with 2015 primarily due to lower revenues of $973 million related to fewer C-17 deliveries 
and timing and mix of deliveries on the CH-47 Chinook and F/A-18 programs. 

BMA earnings from operations in 2016 decreased by $80 million compared with 2015 primarily due to lower volume and mix on the CH-47 Chinook, 
and C-17, partially offset by higher volume and mix on the Apache and P-8 programs. BMA recorded charges of $356 million in 2016 
compared with $322 million in 2015 related to the USAF KC-46A Tanker contract. Net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments 
were $253 million higher in 2016 than in 2015 primarily driven by the absence of favorable F-15 program adjustments recorded in 2015 
and higher USAF KC-46A Tanker charges recorded in 2016.


     Deliveries of new-build production aircraft, excluding remanufactures and modifications:


Network & Space Systems

The Network & Space Systems (N&SS) segment is engaged in the research, development, production and modification 
of the following products and related services: electronics and information solutions, including command, control, communications, 
computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR), cyber and information solutions, and intelligence systems; 
strategic missile and defense systems; space and intelligence systems, including satellites and commercial satellite launch vehicles; 
and space exploration.  
 

The major programs in this segment include for strategic missile and defense systems: 
Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD); 
for space and intelligence systems: 
commercial, civil and military satellites, including the 
Global Positioning System (GPS)
and Wideband Global SATCOM 
system; and for space exploration: Space Launch System (SLS), Commercial Crew program, and International Space Station (ISS).

During 2011, the Brigade Combat Team Modernization (BCTM) and Space Shuttle programs concluded. 

This segment also includes Boeing's joint venture operations related to United Launch Alliance (ULA) and United Space Alliance (USA).



     Financial results for BDS' N&SS group were as follows:




N&SS revenues in 2016 decreased by $705 million compared with 2015 primarily due to lower revenue of $838 million related to the Commercial Crew program, 
lower milestone revenue on government satellite programs, and lower volume on proprietary programs. These decreases were partially offset by higher volume on the SLS program.

N&SS earnings from operations in 2016 decreased by $233 million compared with 2015 primarily due to a charge of $162 million during the third quarter of 2016 
and lower volume on the Commercial Crew program. Net unfavorable cumulative contract catch-up adjustments were $186 million higher in 2016 than 2015 
primarily reflecting the charge on the Commercial Crew program during 2016. These decreases were partially offset by higher equity earnings.

N&SS earnings from operations include equity earnings of $255 million, $183 million and $211 million primarily from Boeing's ULA joint venture 
in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

     Boeing Satellite deliveries were as follows:


Global Services & Support
Global Services & Support (GS&S) provides customers with mission readiness through total support solutions. 
Boeing's global services business sustains aircraft and systems with a full spectrum of products and services through integrated logistics, 
including supply chain management and engineering support; maintenance, modification and upgrades for aircraft; and training systems and government services, 
including pilot and maintenance training. GS&S international operations include Boeing Defence U.K. Ltd., and Boeing Defence Australia, 
as well as Alsalam Aircraft Company, Aviation Training International, and Boeing Sikorsky International Services, joint ventures.

Integrated logistics comprises an integrated array of services that address the complete life cycle of aircraft and systems. 
Major programs include the F/A-18E/F 
support program and domestic and international performance based logistic programs for the AH-64, 
CH-47 
and other BDS platforms.

Maintenance, modification and upgrades for aircraft are performed at centers throughout the United States and around the world, 
providing rapid cycle time and aircraft services for military customers on a wide variety of BDS and non-BDS platforms. 
Major support programs include the C-17 
Globemaster III Integrated Sustainment Program and F-15 
support programs for the United States Air Force (USAF) 
and several international customers. Aircraft programs include the Airborne Early Warning and Control (AEW&C) Peace Eagle contract 
with Turkey and the Airborne Warning and Control Systems (AWACS) program.

Training systems and government services comprise a full range of training capabilities for domestic and international customers, 
including the design and development of trainers for multiple aircraft platforms and logistics and asset management solutions.


     Financial results for BDS' GS&S group were as follows:



GS&S revenues in 2016 increased by $724 million compared with the same period in 2015 primarily due to higher volume 
in several Aircraft Modernization & Sustainment (AM&S), Training Systems & Government Services (TSGS), and Integrated Logistics (IL) programs.

GS&S earnings from operations in 2016 increased by $47 million compared with the same period in 2015 primarily due to higher volume and mix 
across the segment partially offset by lower performance. The impact of cumulative contract catch-up adjustments was not significant in 2016.

Boeing Capital Corporation Segment
Top

In the commercial aircraft market, BCC facilitates, arranges, structures and provides selective financing solutions 
for Boeing's Commercial Airplanes customers. In the space and defense markets, BCC primarily arranges and structures financing solutions 
for Boeing's BDS government customers. BCC's portfolio consists of equipment under operating leases, finance leases, notes and other receivables, 
assets held for sale or re-lease and investments.

BCC provided customer financing of $1,376 million, $586 million, $489 million and $220 million during 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. 
BCC's customer financing and investment portfolio at December 31, 2016 totaled $4,115 million.







Revenues ('16): 
							$94,571M
-1.6%

R&D ('16): 
							$4,627M
+38.9%



Net Profit ('16): 
							$4,895M
-5.4%

CAPEX ('16): 
							$2,613M
+6.7%












Products
News
Subsidiaries
Acquisitions
Competitors
Customers
R&D Spending
5-Year Financials





Aerospace Sector:   Major Diversified OEM




Boeing Products:

Commercial wide-body jet aircraft; Commercial narrow-body jet aircraft; Commercial jet transport aircraft; 
				Commercial aircraft financing solutions; Fighter and attack aircraft; Bombers; 
				Military transport and tanker aircraft; Military rotorcraft and tilt-rotor aircraft; Airborne surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft; 
				Airborne command and control aircraft; Naval warfare aircraft; UAVs/UAS; Air-to-ground missiles (AGM); Smart bombs; Smart bomb kits; 
				Missile defense systems; Network and tactical systems; Battle management systems; Intelligence and security systems; 
				Space and intelligence systems; Satellites; Satellite launch vehicles; Space exploration services.




Boeing's Major U.S. Defense Programs:


			| A-10 | 
			AH-64 | 
			AV-8B | 
			B-1B | 
			B-52 | 
			C-17 | 
			C-40 | 
			CH-47 | 
			E-3 |
			
			| E-4B 
			| E-6B
			| EELV | 
			F-15 | 
			F/A-18E/F | 
			EA-18G | 
			
			| F-22 Raptor 
			| GMD
			| GPS |
			Hellfire
			| KC-10 
			| KC-46 
			| JDAM | 
			JTRS |
			 
			| P-8A Poseidon 
			| RQ-21 
			| Small Diameter Bomb 
			| V-22 Osprey | 
			VC-25 |
			
			| WGS |
			



Boeing's Commercial Programs:

| Boeing: 737NG, 737 MAX (dev.), 747-8, 767, 777, 777X (dev.), 787 |







Sales 2012-2016
Net Income 2012-2016
R&D Spending 2012-2016
# Employees 2012-2016

























Main Page
Commercial Fleet
Top 100 Airlines
Top 100 Airports






Main Page
Gov't Contractors
DoD Contractors
NASA Contractors
Boeing
General Dynamics
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Grumman
Raytheon
United Technologies







General Aviation







Military Aircraft
Military Vehicles
Naval Systems
Missiles
Aviation Gas Turbines
F-35 Lightning II
F-22 Raptor
F/A-18 Super Hornet
KC-46 Tanker
C-130 Hercules
P-8A Poseidon
CV/MV-22 Osprey







Defense Spending
DoD Contractors '16
DoD Contractors '15
Proposal Resources
Aircraft Programs
Missile Programs
Space Programs
Naval Programs
Vehicle Programs
Prime Contractors







Database Main
U.S. Economic Data
Aerospace Int'l Trade
Manufacturing Data
Air Traffic Data
Military & Defense
Fuel, Energy, Co2







Capabilities
About Us
Contact Us
Product Overview
2017 e-Catalog
Platinum
Civil Aircraft Forecast
Military Aircraft Forecast
Consulting
FI Blog

















































































Select Company
-------------------------------------------
All Companies Page
-------------------------------------------
AeroWeb-A&D20 Firms:
Alcoa
Boeing
General Dynamics
General Electric
Harris Corp.
Honeywell
Huntington Ingalls
L3 Technologies
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Grumman
Orbital ATK
Oshkosh Corp.
Parker Hannifin
Raytheon
Rockwell Collins
Spirit AeroSystems
Textron
TransDigm Group
Triumph Group
United Technologies
-------------------------------------------






































































































Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  It's okay to be afraid, because you can't be brave or courageous without fear. Dave Chappelle, Comedian    


Boeing Commercial Airplanes - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing Commercial Airplanes

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Boeing Commercial Airplanes









Type

Private
(division of The Boeing Company)


Industry
Aviation


Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15)


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Renton, Washington, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kevin G. McAllister (President and CEO of BCA)


Products
737, 747, 767, 777, 787, Boeing Business Jet (BBJ)


Services
Maintenance, Training


Revenue
US$65 billion (FY 2016[1])



Number of employees

72,465 (May 25, 2017)[2]


Parent
The Boeing Company


Website
boeing.com/commercial/


Footnotes / references
[3]


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is a division of The Boeing Company. It designs, assembles, markets, and sells jet airliners and business jets (Boeing Business Jets); it also provides product-related maintenance and training to customers worldwide.[4] It operates from division headquarters in Renton, Washington, with more than a dozen engineering, manufacturing, and assembly facilities located throughout the U.S. and internationally.[3] BCA includes the assets of the Douglas Aircraft division of the former McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which merged with Boeing in 1997.[5]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Management
3 Products

3.1 Model naming convention
3.2 Aircraft in production or development


4 Orders and deliveries

4.1 Discontinued aircraft
4.2 Gallery
4.3 Specialty and other aircraft
4.4 Concepts
4.5 Airfoils


5 Major facilities
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



Organization[edit]
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is organized as:

Airplane Programs

Renton - 737, BBJ, P-8A Poseidon
Everett - 747, 767, 777, 787
Fabrication Division
Global Partners
Propulsion Systems


787 Program
Commercial Aviation Services

BCA subsidiaries:

Aeroinfo Systems[6]
Aviall[7]
Aviation Partners Boeing,[8] a 50/50 joint venture with Aviation Partners Inc.
Boeing Canada
Boeing Training & Flight Services (was Alteon Training)[9]
CDG[10]
Jeppesen, formerly Jeppesen Sanderson.
Preston Aviation Solutions[11]
Global Aeronautica, formerly a 50/50 joint-venture with Alenia Aeronautica[12]

Management[edit]

Kevin G. McAllister, President and CEO of BCA[13]

In November 2016, Boeing announced that Ray Conner, 61 years old, would step down immediately and be replaced.[14] Kevin G. McAllister was named President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA).[13] McAllister is 53 years old and is a former executive at GE Aviation.[15][14]
Products[edit]
Model naming convention[edit]
See also: List of Boeing customer codes
For all models sold beginning with the Boeing 707 in 1957, Boeing's naming system for commercial airliners has taken the form of 7X7. All model designations from 707 through 787 have been assigned, leaving 797 as the only 7X7 model name not assigned to a product.
For model numbers in the 707 to 777 range, the model number consists of an airplane's model number, for example 707 or 747, followed by a dash and three digits that represent the series within the model, for example 707-320 or 747-400. In aviation circles, a more specific model designation is sometimes used where the last two digits of the series designator are replaced by the two digit, alpha-numeric Boeing customer code, for example 747-121, representing a 747-100 originally ordered by Pan American World Airways (Boeing customer code 21) or 737-7H4, representing a 737-700 originally ordered by Southwest Airlines (Boeing customer code H4). Unlike other models, the 787 uses a single digit to designate the series, for example 787-8. This convention was followed in the development of the newest version of the 747, the 747-8, along with the 737 MAX and 777X series.
Additional letters are sometimes appended to the model name as a suffix, including "ER" to designate an "extended range" version, such as the 777-300ER, or "LR" to designate a "long range" version, for example 777-200LR. Other suffix designators include "F" for "freighter" (747-400F), "C" for "convertible" aircraft that can be converted between a passenger and freighter configuration (727-100C) and "M" for "combi" aircraft that are configured to carry both passengers and freight at the same time (757-200M, 747-400M). Passenger aircraft that are originally manufactured as passenger aircraft and later converted to freighter configuration by Boeing carry the suffix "BCF" designating a Boeing converted freighter (747-400BCF).
Aircraft in production or development[edit]

Product list and details

Aircraft model
Number built[16]
Description
Capacity
First flight
Variants in production
Out-of-production variants


737
9,335
Twin‑engine, single aisle, short- to medium-range narrow-body
85–215
April 9, 1967
700, 800, 900ER, BBJ, C-40, 737 AEW&C, P-8, 737 MAX
100, 200, 200C, 200 Adv, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700ER, 900[17]


747
1,528
Heavy, four‑engine, partial double deck, twin–aisle main deck, single–aisle upper deck, medium- to long-range widebody
467–605
February 9, 1969
8I, 8F, BBJ
100, 100SR, 100B, 200, 200F, 200C, SP, 200M, 300, 300M, 300SR, 400, 400M, 400D, 400F, 400ER, 400ERF, VC-25, E-4, YAL-1


767
1,096
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range widebody
180–375
September 26, 1981
300ER, 300F, KC-767, KC-46
200, 200ER, 300, 400ER,[18] E-767


777
1,460
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range, ultra long-range (200LR), widebody
301–550
June 12, 1994
300ER, Freighter[19]
200, 200ER, 200LR, 300


787
500[20]
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, long-range widebody
210–330[21]
December 15, 2009
8, 9,[22] 10, BBJ[23]




Future airliner models

Expected
EIS
Type
Description
Notes


2020
777X
New 777 series, with the lengthened 777-9X, and extra long range 777-8X. It has a new engine, and new composite wings with folding wingtip




Y1/737RS
Code name for the Boeing 737 and 757-200 replacement project




Y3
Code name for the Boeing 747 and 777-300 replacement project



Orders and deliveries[edit]
The table below lists only airliners from the jet era.


Aircraft
Orders
Deliveries
Unfilled


707

865


865




717

155


155




720

154


154




727

1831


1831




737 Original

1144


1144




737 Classic

1988


1988




737 NG

7049


6203


846



737 MAX

3606



1[24]



3606



747

1418


1418




747-8

138


110


28



757

1049


1049




767

1189


1096


93



777

1596


1460


136



777X

306



306



787

1200


500


700



Totals

23,679


17,964


5,715



Data from Boeing through end of December 2016[25]
Discontinued aircraft[edit]


Aircraft
model
Number
built
Notes


1
2



6
1



6D
2



7




8
1



40
84



64
1



80
16



81
2



95
25



200 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


203
7



204
7



221 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


247
75



307 Stratoliner
10



314 Clipper
12



367-80
1



377 Stratocruiser
56
Civil development of the military C-97


707
865



720
154
Modified variant of the 707


717
156
Twin-engine narrow body jet, originally named MD-95 that evolved from the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 family


727
1,832
Three-engine narrow body jet


757
1,050
Narrow body twin-engine jet


Gallery[edit]

Boeing 7x7 series






Boeing 707









Boeing 717









Boeing 727









Boeing 737









Boeing 747









Boeing 757









Boeing 767









Boeing 777









Boeing 787




Specialty and other aircraft[edit]
Airlines commonly order aircraft with special features or options, but Boeing builds certain models specifically for a particular customer.

The Boeing 707-138B was a shortened-fuselage, long-range model only sold to Qantas.
The Boeing 757-200M was a single-example model built for Royal Nepal Airlines (now called Nepal Airlines). This plane could be converted between passenger and freighter configuration. It was launched by Royal Nepal Airlines in 1986 and delivered two years later.
Boeing 747

The Shuttle Carrier Aircraft
The Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter is a wide-body cargo aircraft.
The 747SP production resumed nearly four years after the supposedly final 747SP was built, to manufacture one aircraft for the United Arab Emirates. It had a cockpit crew of two instead of the three-crew layout of other 747SPs.
Two Boeing VC-25s were built for the US Air Force as Presidential Air Force One transports. This model was a highly modified 747-200B.


Boeing was a consultant to Sukhoi on the Russian Regional Jet program that subsequently became the Sukhoi Superjet 100 twin-engine narrowbody airliner.

Concepts[edit]

Boeing 2707 – supersonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing 7J7 – high-efficiency propfan airliner, canceled and may later resume for Y1.
Boeing 747-300 Trijet - high-efficiency trijet version of the Boeing 747-200, canceled.
Boeing New Large Airplane – double-deck jumbo airliner, canceled.
Boeing RC-1 - cargo aircraft, canceled.
Boeing Sonic Cruiser – near-sonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) Airplane[26]

Airfoils[edit]

Boeing 103 - used on Model 40 and F2B
Boeing 103A - used on F2B and F3B
Boeing 106 - used on Model 80, P-12, Monomail, Model 226
Boeing 106B - used on Model 95, Model 247D, P-12
Boeing 106R - used on various Beriev models
Boeing 109 - used on Model 95 and P-26
Boeing 117 - used on XPBB, B-29 and derivatives (307, 367, 377), all Aero Spacelines models, Tupolev Tu-4, Tu-70, Tu-75, Tu-80.

Major facilities[edit]

Long Beach, California - McDonnell Douglas aircraft assembly and testing. It currently supports Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Seattle - Puget Sound region, Washington

Boeing Field, Seattle, Washington - Flight testing for Boeing aircraft, except McDonnell Douglas-designed aircraft
Boeing Everett Factory, Everett, Washington - 747, 767, 777, and 787 production and final assembly plant
Boeing Renton Factory, Renton, Washington - 737 and former 707, 727 and 757 production and final assembly plant


Boeing Charleston Factory, North Charleston, South Carolina - 787 subassemblies and final assembly plant

See also[edit]


Aviation portal
USA portal



Airbus
Bombardier Aerospace
Comac
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Embraer
List of civil aircraft
United Aircraft Corporation

References[edit]


^ {{cite web |url= http://investors.boeing.com/investors/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Boeing-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-Results-and-Provides-2017-Guidance/default.aspx
^ http://www.boeing.com/company/general-info/
^ a b "Backgrounder" (PDF). The Boeing Company. November 2014. Boeing Commercial Airplanes employs more than 83,000 people under the leadership of President and CEO Ray Conner. The business unit’s revenue in 2013 was a record $53 billion. 
^ "Boeing Commercial Airplanes: A Better Way To Fly". The Boeing Company. 
^ "McDonnell Douglas shareholders approve merger with Boeing" (Press release). The Boeing Company. July 25, 1997. Archived from the original on January 20, 2011. Retrieved January 19, 2011. McDonnell Douglas Corporation's (NYSE: MD) shareholders voted today to approve the merger with The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). 
^ Aeroinfo Systems
^ Aviall, Inc.
^ Aviation Partners Boeing
^ Boeing Training & Flight Services Archived November 30, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ CDG
^ Preston Aviation Solutions
^ "Boeing Acquires Alenia North America's Interest in Global Aeronautica". Boeing, December 22, 2009.
^ a b "Executive Biography of Kevin McAllister". Boeing.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ a b "Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO". seattletimes.com. November 21, 2016. Retrieved January 1, 2017. 
^ "Boeing Names New Senior Leaders, Launches Integrated Services Business". boeing.mediaroom.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ as of January 2016
^ "The Boeing 737 Technical Site". B737.org.uk. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ The Boeing 767 family. Boeing.
^ Boeing 777 Family Archived June 8, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing Commercial Airplanes
^ http://boeing.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=20295&item=129827
^ 787-8 Fact Sheet, 787-9 Fact Sheet. Boeing.
^ Trimble, Stephen. "Boeing shows off completed horizontal stabiliser for 787-9". Flight International, January 15, 2013.
^ "Boeing Business Jets". Boeing. Retrieved November 7, 2013. 
^ "Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go". The Seattle Times. 2017-05-16. Retrieved 2017-05-18. 
^ http://active.boeing.com/commercial/orders/index.cfm?content=displaystandardreport.cfm&pageid=m25066&RequestTimeout=20000
^ Gervais, Edward L. (November 29, 2007). "Boeing Current and Future Product Review" (PDF). Presentation to Federal Aviation Administration Great Lakes Region 23rd Annual Airport Conference. Boeing Commercial Airplanes. p. 54. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 19, 2008. Retrieved March 18, 2008. 


External links[edit]

Boeing Commercial Airplanes page
BCA Recent orders summary page and BCA Orders and Deliveries report page
Official site for Boeing's new airplanes
Complete production list starting with Model 1
Boeing’s Triumph: The American Jetliner
BBC Q&A: Boeing and Airbus







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser











v
t
e


Boeing 7x7 aircraft production timeline, 1955–present



1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s


5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9



Boeing 707







Boeing 720













Boeing 717 (MD-95)






Boeing 727








Boeing 737 Original
Boeing 737 Classic
Boeing 737 NG
737 MAX




Boeing 747 (Boeing 747SP)
Boeing 747-400
747-8






Boeing 757








Boeing 767







Boeing 777
777X








Boeing 787


  = Narrow-body
  = Wide-body


*Overlapping production times like between the 747-400 and the 747-8 have been decided in favor of newer models








v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing_Commercial_Airplanes&oldid=791854705"					
Categories: BoeingAerospace companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Renton, WashingtonCollier Trophy recipientsAmerican companies established in 1997Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from October 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2008All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةفارسیBahasa IndonesiaLietuviųBahasa MelayuNorsk bokmålOccitanSlovenčinaSlovenščinaไทยУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing Commercial Airplanes - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing Commercial Airplanes

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Boeing Commercial Airplanes









Type

Private
(division of The Boeing Company)


Industry
Aviation


Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15)


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Renton, Washington, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kevin G. McAllister (President and CEO of BCA)


Products
737, 747, 767, 777, 787, Boeing Business Jet (BBJ)


Services
Maintenance, Training


Revenue
US$65 billion (FY 2016[1])



Number of employees

72,465 (May 25, 2017)[2]


Parent
The Boeing Company


Website
boeing.com/commercial/


Footnotes / references
[3]


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is a division of The Boeing Company. It designs, assembles, markets, and sells jet airliners and business jets (Boeing Business Jets); it also provides product-related maintenance and training to customers worldwide.[4] It operates from division headquarters in Renton, Washington, with more than a dozen engineering, manufacturing, and assembly facilities located throughout the U.S. and internationally.[3] BCA includes the assets of the Douglas Aircraft division of the former McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which merged with Boeing in 1997.[5]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Management
3 Products

3.1 Model naming convention
3.2 Aircraft in production or development


4 Orders and deliveries

4.1 Discontinued aircraft
4.2 Gallery
4.3 Specialty and other aircraft
4.4 Concepts
4.5 Airfoils


5 Major facilities
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



Organization[edit]
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is organized as:

Airplane Programs

Renton - 737, BBJ, P-8A Poseidon
Everett - 747, 767, 777, 787
Fabrication Division
Global Partners
Propulsion Systems


787 Program
Commercial Aviation Services

BCA subsidiaries:

Aeroinfo Systems[6]
Aviall[7]
Aviation Partners Boeing,[8] a 50/50 joint venture with Aviation Partners Inc.
Boeing Canada
Boeing Training & Flight Services (was Alteon Training)[9]
CDG[10]
Jeppesen, formerly Jeppesen Sanderson.
Preston Aviation Solutions[11]
Global Aeronautica, formerly a 50/50 joint-venture with Alenia Aeronautica[12]

Management[edit]

Kevin G. McAllister, President and CEO of BCA[13]

In November 2016, Boeing announced that Ray Conner, 61 years old, would step down immediately and be replaced.[14] Kevin G. McAllister was named President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA).[13] McAllister is 53 years old and is a former executive at GE Aviation.[15][14]
Products[edit]
Model naming convention[edit]
See also: List of Boeing customer codes
For all models sold beginning with the Boeing 707 in 1957, Boeing's naming system for commercial airliners has taken the form of 7X7. All model designations from 707 through 787 have been assigned, leaving 797 as the only 7X7 model name not assigned to a product.
For model numbers in the 707 to 777 range, the model number consists of an airplane's model number, for example 707 or 747, followed by a dash and three digits that represent the series within the model, for example 707-320 or 747-400. In aviation circles, a more specific model designation is sometimes used where the last two digits of the series designator are replaced by the two digit, alpha-numeric Boeing customer code, for example 747-121, representing a 747-100 originally ordered by Pan American World Airways (Boeing customer code 21) or 737-7H4, representing a 737-700 originally ordered by Southwest Airlines (Boeing customer code H4). Unlike other models, the 787 uses a single digit to designate the series, for example 787-8. This convention was followed in the development of the newest version of the 747, the 747-8, along with the 737 MAX and 777X series.
Additional letters are sometimes appended to the model name as a suffix, including "ER" to designate an "extended range" version, such as the 777-300ER, or "LR" to designate a "long range" version, for example 777-200LR. Other suffix designators include "F" for "freighter" (747-400F), "C" for "convertible" aircraft that can be converted between a passenger and freighter configuration (727-100C) and "M" for "combi" aircraft that are configured to carry both passengers and freight at the same time (757-200M, 747-400M). Passenger aircraft that are originally manufactured as passenger aircraft and later converted to freighter configuration by Boeing carry the suffix "BCF" designating a Boeing converted freighter (747-400BCF).
Aircraft in production or development[edit]

Product list and details

Aircraft model
Number built[16]
Description
Capacity
First flight
Variants in production
Out-of-production variants


737
9,335
Twin‑engine, single aisle, short- to medium-range narrow-body
85–215
April 9, 1967
700, 800, 900ER, BBJ, C-40, 737 AEW&C, P-8, 737 MAX
100, 200, 200C, 200 Adv, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700ER, 900[17]


747
1,528
Heavy, four‑engine, partial double deck, twin–aisle main deck, single–aisle upper deck, medium- to long-range widebody
467–605
February 9, 1969
8I, 8F, BBJ
100, 100SR, 100B, 200, 200F, 200C, SP, 200M, 300, 300M, 300SR, 400, 400M, 400D, 400F, 400ER, 400ERF, VC-25, E-4, YAL-1


767
1,096
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range widebody
180–375
September 26, 1981
300ER, 300F, KC-767, KC-46
200, 200ER, 300, 400ER,[18] E-767


777
1,460
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range, ultra long-range (200LR), widebody
301–550
June 12, 1994
300ER, Freighter[19]
200, 200ER, 200LR, 300


787
500[20]
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, long-range widebody
210–330[21]
December 15, 2009
8, 9,[22] 10, BBJ[23]




Future airliner models

Expected
EIS
Type
Description
Notes


2020
777X
New 777 series, with the lengthened 777-9X, and extra long range 777-8X. It has a new engine, and new composite wings with folding wingtip




Y1/737RS
Code name for the Boeing 737 and 757-200 replacement project




Y3
Code name for the Boeing 747 and 777-300 replacement project



Orders and deliveries[edit]
The table below lists only airliners from the jet era.


Aircraft
Orders
Deliveries
Unfilled


707

865


865




717

155


155




720

154


154




727

1831


1831




737 Original

1144


1144




737 Classic

1988


1988




737 NG

7049


6203


846



737 MAX

3606



1[24]



3606



747

1418


1418




747-8

138


110


28



757

1049


1049




767

1189


1096


93



777

1596


1460


136



777X

306



306



787

1200


500


700



Totals

23,679


17,964


5,715



Data from Boeing through end of December 2016[25]
Discontinued aircraft[edit]


Aircraft
model
Number
built
Notes


1
2



6
1



6D
2



7




8
1



40
84



64
1



80
16



81
2



95
25



200 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


203
7



204
7



221 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


247
75



307 Stratoliner
10



314 Clipper
12



367-80
1



377 Stratocruiser
56
Civil development of the military C-97


707
865



720
154
Modified variant of the 707


717
156
Twin-engine narrow body jet, originally named MD-95 that evolved from the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 family


727
1,832
Three-engine narrow body jet


757
1,050
Narrow body twin-engine jet


Gallery[edit]

Boeing 7x7 series






Boeing 707









Boeing 717









Boeing 727









Boeing 737









Boeing 747









Boeing 757









Boeing 767









Boeing 777









Boeing 787




Specialty and other aircraft[edit]
Airlines commonly order aircraft with special features or options, but Boeing builds certain models specifically for a particular customer.

The Boeing 707-138B was a shortened-fuselage, long-range model only sold to Qantas.
The Boeing 757-200M was a single-example model built for Royal Nepal Airlines (now called Nepal Airlines). This plane could be converted between passenger and freighter configuration. It was launched by Royal Nepal Airlines in 1986 and delivered two years later.
Boeing 747

The Shuttle Carrier Aircraft
The Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter is a wide-body cargo aircraft.
The 747SP production resumed nearly four years after the supposedly final 747SP was built, to manufacture one aircraft for the United Arab Emirates. It had a cockpit crew of two instead of the three-crew layout of other 747SPs.
Two Boeing VC-25s were built for the US Air Force as Presidential Air Force One transports. This model was a highly modified 747-200B.


Boeing was a consultant to Sukhoi on the Russian Regional Jet program that subsequently became the Sukhoi Superjet 100 twin-engine narrowbody airliner.

Concepts[edit]

Boeing 2707 – supersonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing 7J7 – high-efficiency propfan airliner, canceled and may later resume for Y1.
Boeing 747-300 Trijet - high-efficiency trijet version of the Boeing 747-200, canceled.
Boeing New Large Airplane – double-deck jumbo airliner, canceled.
Boeing RC-1 - cargo aircraft, canceled.
Boeing Sonic Cruiser – near-sonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) Airplane[26]

Airfoils[edit]

Boeing 103 - used on Model 40 and F2B
Boeing 103A - used on F2B and F3B
Boeing 106 - used on Model 80, P-12, Monomail, Model 226
Boeing 106B - used on Model 95, Model 247D, P-12
Boeing 106R - used on various Beriev models
Boeing 109 - used on Model 95 and P-26
Boeing 117 - used on XPBB, B-29 and derivatives (307, 367, 377), all Aero Spacelines models, Tupolev Tu-4, Tu-70, Tu-75, Tu-80.

Major facilities[edit]

Long Beach, California - McDonnell Douglas aircraft assembly and testing. It currently supports Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Seattle - Puget Sound region, Washington

Boeing Field, Seattle, Washington - Flight testing for Boeing aircraft, except McDonnell Douglas-designed aircraft
Boeing Everett Factory, Everett, Washington - 747, 767, 777, and 787 production and final assembly plant
Boeing Renton Factory, Renton, Washington - 737 and former 707, 727 and 757 production and final assembly plant


Boeing Charleston Factory, North Charleston, South Carolina - 787 subassemblies and final assembly plant

See also[edit]


Aviation portal
USA portal



Airbus
Bombardier Aerospace
Comac
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Embraer
List of civil aircraft
United Aircraft Corporation

References[edit]


^ {{cite web |url= http://investors.boeing.com/investors/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Boeing-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-Results-and-Provides-2017-Guidance/default.aspx
^ http://www.boeing.com/company/general-info/
^ a b "Backgrounder" (PDF). The Boeing Company. November 2014. Boeing Commercial Airplanes employs more than 83,000 people under the leadership of President and CEO Ray Conner. The business unit’s revenue in 2013 was a record $53 billion. 
^ "Boeing Commercial Airplanes: A Better Way To Fly". The Boeing Company. 
^ "McDonnell Douglas shareholders approve merger with Boeing" (Press release). The Boeing Company. July 25, 1997. Archived from the original on January 20, 2011. Retrieved January 19, 2011. McDonnell Douglas Corporation's (NYSE: MD) shareholders voted today to approve the merger with The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). 
^ Aeroinfo Systems
^ Aviall, Inc.
^ Aviation Partners Boeing
^ Boeing Training & Flight Services Archived November 30, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ CDG
^ Preston Aviation Solutions
^ "Boeing Acquires Alenia North America's Interest in Global Aeronautica". Boeing, December 22, 2009.
^ a b "Executive Biography of Kevin McAllister". Boeing.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ a b "Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO". seattletimes.com. November 21, 2016. Retrieved January 1, 2017. 
^ "Boeing Names New Senior Leaders, Launches Integrated Services Business". boeing.mediaroom.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ as of January 2016
^ "The Boeing 737 Technical Site". B737.org.uk. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ The Boeing 767 family. Boeing.
^ Boeing 777 Family Archived June 8, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing Commercial Airplanes
^ http://boeing.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=20295&item=129827
^ 787-8 Fact Sheet, 787-9 Fact Sheet. Boeing.
^ Trimble, Stephen. "Boeing shows off completed horizontal stabiliser for 787-9". Flight International, January 15, 2013.
^ "Boeing Business Jets". Boeing. Retrieved November 7, 2013. 
^ "Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go". The Seattle Times. 2017-05-16. Retrieved 2017-05-18. 
^ http://active.boeing.com/commercial/orders/index.cfm?content=displaystandardreport.cfm&pageid=m25066&RequestTimeout=20000
^ Gervais, Edward L. (November 29, 2007). "Boeing Current and Future Product Review" (PDF). Presentation to Federal Aviation Administration Great Lakes Region 23rd Annual Airport Conference. Boeing Commercial Airplanes. p. 54. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 19, 2008. Retrieved March 18, 2008. 


External links[edit]

Boeing Commercial Airplanes page
BCA Recent orders summary page and BCA Orders and Deliveries report page
Official site for Boeing's new airplanes
Complete production list starting with Model 1
Boeing’s Triumph: The American Jetliner
BBC Q&A: Boeing and Airbus







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser











v
t
e


Boeing 7x7 aircraft production timeline, 1955–present



1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s


5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9



Boeing 707







Boeing 720













Boeing 717 (MD-95)






Boeing 727








Boeing 737 Original
Boeing 737 Classic
Boeing 737 NG
737 MAX




Boeing 747 (Boeing 747SP)
Boeing 747-400
747-8






Boeing 757








Boeing 767







Boeing 777
777X








Boeing 787


  = Narrow-body
  = Wide-body


*Overlapping production times like between the 747-400 and the 747-8 have been decided in favor of newer models








v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing_Commercial_Airplanes&oldid=791854705"					
Categories: BoeingAerospace companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Renton, WashingtonCollier Trophy recipientsAmerican companies established in 1997Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from October 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2008All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةفارسیBahasa IndonesiaLietuviųBahasa MelayuNorsk bokmålOccitanSlovenčinaSlovenščinaไทยУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing Commercial Airplanes - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing Commercial Airplanes

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Boeing Commercial Airplanes









Type

Private
(division of The Boeing Company)


Industry
Aviation


Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15)


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Renton, Washington, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kevin G. McAllister (President and CEO of BCA)


Products
737, 747, 767, 777, 787, Boeing Business Jet (BBJ)


Services
Maintenance, Training


Revenue
US$65 billion (FY 2016[1])



Number of employees

72,465 (May 25, 2017)[2]


Parent
The Boeing Company


Website
boeing.com/commercial/


Footnotes / references
[3]


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is a division of The Boeing Company. It designs, assembles, markets, and sells jet airliners and business jets (Boeing Business Jets); it also provides product-related maintenance and training to customers worldwide.[4] It operates from division headquarters in Renton, Washington, with more than a dozen engineering, manufacturing, and assembly facilities located throughout the U.S. and internationally.[3] BCA includes the assets of the Douglas Aircraft division of the former McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which merged with Boeing in 1997.[5]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Management
3 Products

3.1 Model naming convention
3.2 Aircraft in production or development


4 Orders and deliveries

4.1 Discontinued aircraft
4.2 Gallery
4.3 Specialty and other aircraft
4.4 Concepts
4.5 Airfoils


5 Major facilities
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



Organization[edit]
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is organized as:

Airplane Programs

Renton - 737, BBJ, P-8A Poseidon
Everett - 747, 767, 777, 787
Fabrication Division
Global Partners
Propulsion Systems


787 Program
Commercial Aviation Services

BCA subsidiaries:

Aeroinfo Systems[6]
Aviall[7]
Aviation Partners Boeing,[8] a 50/50 joint venture with Aviation Partners Inc.
Boeing Canada
Boeing Training & Flight Services (was Alteon Training)[9]
CDG[10]
Jeppesen, formerly Jeppesen Sanderson.
Preston Aviation Solutions[11]
Global Aeronautica, formerly a 50/50 joint-venture with Alenia Aeronautica[12]

Management[edit]

Kevin G. McAllister, President and CEO of BCA[13]

In November 2016, Boeing announced that Ray Conner, 61 years old, would step down immediately and be replaced.[14] Kevin G. McAllister was named President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA).[13] McAllister is 53 years old and is a former executive at GE Aviation.[15][14]
Products[edit]
Model naming convention[edit]
See also: List of Boeing customer codes
For all models sold beginning with the Boeing 707 in 1957, Boeing's naming system for commercial airliners has taken the form of 7X7. All model designations from 707 through 787 have been assigned, leaving 797 as the only 7X7 model name not assigned to a product.
For model numbers in the 707 to 777 range, the model number consists of an airplane's model number, for example 707 or 747, followed by a dash and three digits that represent the series within the model, for example 707-320 or 747-400. In aviation circles, a more specific model designation is sometimes used where the last two digits of the series designator are replaced by the two digit, alpha-numeric Boeing customer code, for example 747-121, representing a 747-100 originally ordered by Pan American World Airways (Boeing customer code 21) or 737-7H4, representing a 737-700 originally ordered by Southwest Airlines (Boeing customer code H4). Unlike other models, the 787 uses a single digit to designate the series, for example 787-8. This convention was followed in the development of the newest version of the 747, the 747-8, along with the 737 MAX and 777X series.
Additional letters are sometimes appended to the model name as a suffix, including "ER" to designate an "extended range" version, such as the 777-300ER, or "LR" to designate a "long range" version, for example 777-200LR. Other suffix designators include "F" for "freighter" (747-400F), "C" for "convertible" aircraft that can be converted between a passenger and freighter configuration (727-100C) and "M" for "combi" aircraft that are configured to carry both passengers and freight at the same time (757-200M, 747-400M). Passenger aircraft that are originally manufactured as passenger aircraft and later converted to freighter configuration by Boeing carry the suffix "BCF" designating a Boeing converted freighter (747-400BCF).
Aircraft in production or development[edit]

Product list and details

Aircraft model
Number built[16]
Description
Capacity
First flight
Variants in production
Out-of-production variants


737
9,335
Twin‑engine, single aisle, short- to medium-range narrow-body
85–215
April 9, 1967
700, 800, 900ER, BBJ, C-40, 737 AEW&C, P-8, 737 MAX
100, 200, 200C, 200 Adv, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700ER, 900[17]


747
1,528
Heavy, four‑engine, partial double deck, twin–aisle main deck, single–aisle upper deck, medium- to long-range widebody
467–605
February 9, 1969
8I, 8F, BBJ
100, 100SR, 100B, 200, 200F, 200C, SP, 200M, 300, 300M, 300SR, 400, 400M, 400D, 400F, 400ER, 400ERF, VC-25, E-4, YAL-1


767
1,096
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range widebody
180–375
September 26, 1981
300ER, 300F, KC-767, KC-46
200, 200ER, 300, 400ER,[18] E-767


777
1,460
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range, ultra long-range (200LR), widebody
301–550
June 12, 1994
300ER, Freighter[19]
200, 200ER, 200LR, 300


787
500[20]
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, long-range widebody
210–330[21]
December 15, 2009
8, 9,[22] 10, BBJ[23]




Future airliner models

Expected
EIS
Type
Description
Notes


2020
777X
New 777 series, with the lengthened 777-9X, and extra long range 777-8X. It has a new engine, and new composite wings with folding wingtip




Y1/737RS
Code name for the Boeing 737 and 757-200 replacement project




Y3
Code name for the Boeing 747 and 777-300 replacement project



Orders and deliveries[edit]
The table below lists only airliners from the jet era.


Aircraft
Orders
Deliveries
Unfilled


707

865


865




717

155


155




720

154


154




727

1831


1831




737 Original

1144


1144




737 Classic

1988


1988




737 NG

7049


6203


846



737 MAX

3606



1[24]



3606



747

1418


1418




747-8

138


110


28



757

1049


1049




767

1189


1096


93



777

1596


1460


136



777X

306



306



787

1200


500


700



Totals

23,679


17,964


5,715



Data from Boeing through end of December 2016[25]
Discontinued aircraft[edit]


Aircraft
model
Number
built
Notes


1
2



6
1



6D
2



7




8
1



40
84



64
1



80
16



81
2



95
25



200 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


203
7



204
7



221 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


247
75



307 Stratoliner
10



314 Clipper
12



367-80
1



377 Stratocruiser
56
Civil development of the military C-97


707
865



720
154
Modified variant of the 707


717
156
Twin-engine narrow body jet, originally named MD-95 that evolved from the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 family


727
1,832
Three-engine narrow body jet


757
1,050
Narrow body twin-engine jet


Gallery[edit]

Boeing 7x7 series






Boeing 707









Boeing 717









Boeing 727









Boeing 737









Boeing 747









Boeing 757









Boeing 767









Boeing 777









Boeing 787




Specialty and other aircraft[edit]
Airlines commonly order aircraft with special features or options, but Boeing builds certain models specifically for a particular customer.

The Boeing 707-138B was a shortened-fuselage, long-range model only sold to Qantas.
The Boeing 757-200M was a single-example model built for Royal Nepal Airlines (now called Nepal Airlines). This plane could be converted between passenger and freighter configuration. It was launched by Royal Nepal Airlines in 1986 and delivered two years later.
Boeing 747

The Shuttle Carrier Aircraft
The Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter is a wide-body cargo aircraft.
The 747SP production resumed nearly four years after the supposedly final 747SP was built, to manufacture one aircraft for the United Arab Emirates. It had a cockpit crew of two instead of the three-crew layout of other 747SPs.
Two Boeing VC-25s were built for the US Air Force as Presidential Air Force One transports. This model was a highly modified 747-200B.


Boeing was a consultant to Sukhoi on the Russian Regional Jet program that subsequently became the Sukhoi Superjet 100 twin-engine narrowbody airliner.

Concepts[edit]

Boeing 2707 – supersonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing 7J7 – high-efficiency propfan airliner, canceled and may later resume for Y1.
Boeing 747-300 Trijet - high-efficiency trijet version of the Boeing 747-200, canceled.
Boeing New Large Airplane – double-deck jumbo airliner, canceled.
Boeing RC-1 - cargo aircraft, canceled.
Boeing Sonic Cruiser – near-sonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) Airplane[26]

Airfoils[edit]

Boeing 103 - used on Model 40 and F2B
Boeing 103A - used on F2B and F3B
Boeing 106 - used on Model 80, P-12, Monomail, Model 226
Boeing 106B - used on Model 95, Model 247D, P-12
Boeing 106R - used on various Beriev models
Boeing 109 - used on Model 95 and P-26
Boeing 117 - used on XPBB, B-29 and derivatives (307, 367, 377), all Aero Spacelines models, Tupolev Tu-4, Tu-70, Tu-75, Tu-80.

Major facilities[edit]

Long Beach, California - McDonnell Douglas aircraft assembly and testing. It currently supports Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Seattle - Puget Sound region, Washington

Boeing Field, Seattle, Washington - Flight testing for Boeing aircraft, except McDonnell Douglas-designed aircraft
Boeing Everett Factory, Everett, Washington - 747, 767, 777, and 787 production and final assembly plant
Boeing Renton Factory, Renton, Washington - 737 and former 707, 727 and 757 production and final assembly plant


Boeing Charleston Factory, North Charleston, South Carolina - 787 subassemblies and final assembly plant

See also[edit]


Aviation portal
USA portal



Airbus
Bombardier Aerospace
Comac
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Embraer
List of civil aircraft
United Aircraft Corporation

References[edit]


^ {{cite web |url= http://investors.boeing.com/investors/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Boeing-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-Results-and-Provides-2017-Guidance/default.aspx
^ http://www.boeing.com/company/general-info/
^ a b "Backgrounder" (PDF). The Boeing Company. November 2014. Boeing Commercial Airplanes employs more than 83,000 people under the leadership of President and CEO Ray Conner. The business unit’s revenue in 2013 was a record $53 billion. 
^ "Boeing Commercial Airplanes: A Better Way To Fly". The Boeing Company. 
^ "McDonnell Douglas shareholders approve merger with Boeing" (Press release). The Boeing Company. July 25, 1997. Archived from the original on January 20, 2011. Retrieved January 19, 2011. McDonnell Douglas Corporation's (NYSE: MD) shareholders voted today to approve the merger with The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). 
^ Aeroinfo Systems
^ Aviall, Inc.
^ Aviation Partners Boeing
^ Boeing Training & Flight Services Archived November 30, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ CDG
^ Preston Aviation Solutions
^ "Boeing Acquires Alenia North America's Interest in Global Aeronautica". Boeing, December 22, 2009.
^ a b "Executive Biography of Kevin McAllister". Boeing.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ a b "Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO". seattletimes.com. November 21, 2016. Retrieved January 1, 2017. 
^ "Boeing Names New Senior Leaders, Launches Integrated Services Business". boeing.mediaroom.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ as of January 2016
^ "The Boeing 737 Technical Site". B737.org.uk. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ The Boeing 767 family. Boeing.
^ Boeing 777 Family Archived June 8, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing Commercial Airplanes
^ http://boeing.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=20295&item=129827
^ 787-8 Fact Sheet, 787-9 Fact Sheet. Boeing.
^ Trimble, Stephen. "Boeing shows off completed horizontal stabiliser for 787-9". Flight International, January 15, 2013.
^ "Boeing Business Jets". Boeing. Retrieved November 7, 2013. 
^ "Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go". The Seattle Times. 2017-05-16. Retrieved 2017-05-18. 
^ http://active.boeing.com/commercial/orders/index.cfm?content=displaystandardreport.cfm&pageid=m25066&RequestTimeout=20000
^ Gervais, Edward L. (November 29, 2007). "Boeing Current and Future Product Review" (PDF). Presentation to Federal Aviation Administration Great Lakes Region 23rd Annual Airport Conference. Boeing Commercial Airplanes. p. 54. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 19, 2008. Retrieved March 18, 2008. 


External links[edit]

Boeing Commercial Airplanes page
BCA Recent orders summary page and BCA Orders and Deliveries report page
Official site for Boeing's new airplanes
Complete production list starting with Model 1
Boeing’s Triumph: The American Jetliner
BBC Q&A: Boeing and Airbus







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser











v
t
e


Boeing 7x7 aircraft production timeline, 1955–present



1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s


5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9



Boeing 707







Boeing 720













Boeing 717 (MD-95)






Boeing 727








Boeing 737 Original
Boeing 737 Classic
Boeing 737 NG
737 MAX




Boeing 747 (Boeing 747SP)
Boeing 747-400
747-8






Boeing 757








Boeing 767







Boeing 777
777X








Boeing 787


  = Narrow-body
  = Wide-body


*Overlapping production times like between the 747-400 and the 747-8 have been decided in favor of newer models








v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing_Commercial_Airplanes&oldid=791854705"					
Categories: BoeingAerospace companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Renton, WashingtonCollier Trophy recipientsAmerican companies established in 1997Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from October 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2008All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةفارسیBahasa IndonesiaLietuviųBahasa MelayuNorsk bokmålOccitanSlovenčinaSlovenščinaไทยУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing Commercial Airplanes - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing Commercial Airplanes

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Boeing Commercial Airplanes









Type

Private
(division of The Boeing Company)


Industry
Aviation


Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15)


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Renton, Washington, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kevin G. McAllister (President and CEO of BCA)


Products
737, 747, 767, 777, 787, Boeing Business Jet (BBJ)


Services
Maintenance, Training


Revenue
US$65 billion (FY 2016[1])



Number of employees

72,465 (May 25, 2017)[2]


Parent
The Boeing Company


Website
boeing.com/commercial/


Footnotes / references
[3]


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is a division of The Boeing Company. It designs, assembles, markets, and sells jet airliners and business jets (Boeing Business Jets); it also provides product-related maintenance and training to customers worldwide.[4] It operates from division headquarters in Renton, Washington, with more than a dozen engineering, manufacturing, and assembly facilities located throughout the U.S. and internationally.[3] BCA includes the assets of the Douglas Aircraft division of the former McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which merged with Boeing in 1997.[5]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Management
3 Products

3.1 Model naming convention
3.2 Aircraft in production or development


4 Orders and deliveries

4.1 Discontinued aircraft
4.2 Gallery
4.3 Specialty and other aircraft
4.4 Concepts
4.5 Airfoils


5 Major facilities
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



Organization[edit]
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is organized as:

Airplane Programs

Renton - 737, BBJ, P-8A Poseidon
Everett - 747, 767, 777, 787
Fabrication Division
Global Partners
Propulsion Systems


787 Program
Commercial Aviation Services

BCA subsidiaries:

Aeroinfo Systems[6]
Aviall[7]
Aviation Partners Boeing,[8] a 50/50 joint venture with Aviation Partners Inc.
Boeing Canada
Boeing Training & Flight Services (was Alteon Training)[9]
CDG[10]
Jeppesen, formerly Jeppesen Sanderson.
Preston Aviation Solutions[11]
Global Aeronautica, formerly a 50/50 joint-venture with Alenia Aeronautica[12]

Management[edit]

Kevin G. McAllister, President and CEO of BCA[13]

In November 2016, Boeing announced that Ray Conner, 61 years old, would step down immediately and be replaced.[14] Kevin G. McAllister was named President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA).[13] McAllister is 53 years old and is a former executive at GE Aviation.[15][14]
Products[edit]
Model naming convention[edit]
See also: List of Boeing customer codes
For all models sold beginning with the Boeing 707 in 1957, Boeing's naming system for commercial airliners has taken the form of 7X7. All model designations from 707 through 787 have been assigned, leaving 797 as the only 7X7 model name not assigned to a product.
For model numbers in the 707 to 777 range, the model number consists of an airplane's model number, for example 707 or 747, followed by a dash and three digits that represent the series within the model, for example 707-320 or 747-400. In aviation circles, a more specific model designation is sometimes used where the last two digits of the series designator are replaced by the two digit, alpha-numeric Boeing customer code, for example 747-121, representing a 747-100 originally ordered by Pan American World Airways (Boeing customer code 21) or 737-7H4, representing a 737-700 originally ordered by Southwest Airlines (Boeing customer code H4). Unlike other models, the 787 uses a single digit to designate the series, for example 787-8. This convention was followed in the development of the newest version of the 747, the 747-8, along with the 737 MAX and 777X series.
Additional letters are sometimes appended to the model name as a suffix, including "ER" to designate an "extended range" version, such as the 777-300ER, or "LR" to designate a "long range" version, for example 777-200LR. Other suffix designators include "F" for "freighter" (747-400F), "C" for "convertible" aircraft that can be converted between a passenger and freighter configuration (727-100C) and "M" for "combi" aircraft that are configured to carry both passengers and freight at the same time (757-200M, 747-400M). Passenger aircraft that are originally manufactured as passenger aircraft and later converted to freighter configuration by Boeing carry the suffix "BCF" designating a Boeing converted freighter (747-400BCF).
Aircraft in production or development[edit]

Product list and details

Aircraft model
Number built[16]
Description
Capacity
First flight
Variants in production
Out-of-production variants


737
9,335
Twin‑engine, single aisle, short- to medium-range narrow-body
85–215
April 9, 1967
700, 800, 900ER, BBJ, C-40, 737 AEW&C, P-8, 737 MAX
100, 200, 200C, 200 Adv, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700ER, 900[17]


747
1,528
Heavy, four‑engine, partial double deck, twin–aisle main deck, single–aisle upper deck, medium- to long-range widebody
467–605
February 9, 1969
8I, 8F, BBJ
100, 100SR, 100B, 200, 200F, 200C, SP, 200M, 300, 300M, 300SR, 400, 400M, 400D, 400F, 400ER, 400ERF, VC-25, E-4, YAL-1


767
1,096
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range widebody
180–375
September 26, 1981
300ER, 300F, KC-767, KC-46
200, 200ER, 300, 400ER,[18] E-767


777
1,460
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range, ultra long-range (200LR), widebody
301–550
June 12, 1994
300ER, Freighter[19]
200, 200ER, 200LR, 300


787
500[20]
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, long-range widebody
210–330[21]
December 15, 2009
8, 9,[22] 10, BBJ[23]




Future airliner models

Expected
EIS
Type
Description
Notes


2020
777X
New 777 series, with the lengthened 777-9X, and extra long range 777-8X. It has a new engine, and new composite wings with folding wingtip




Y1/737RS
Code name for the Boeing 737 and 757-200 replacement project




Y3
Code name for the Boeing 747 and 777-300 replacement project



Orders and deliveries[edit]
The table below lists only airliners from the jet era.


Aircraft
Orders
Deliveries
Unfilled


707

865


865




717

155


155




720

154


154




727

1831


1831




737 Original

1144


1144




737 Classic

1988


1988




737 NG

7049


6203


846



737 MAX

3606



1[24]



3606



747

1418


1418




747-8

138


110


28



757

1049


1049




767

1189


1096


93



777

1596


1460


136



777X

306



306



787

1200


500


700



Totals

23,679


17,964


5,715



Data from Boeing through end of December 2016[25]
Discontinued aircraft[edit]


Aircraft
model
Number
built
Notes


1
2



6
1



6D
2



7




8
1



40
84



64
1



80
16



81
2



95
25



200 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


203
7



204
7



221 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


247
75



307 Stratoliner
10



314 Clipper
12



367-80
1



377 Stratocruiser
56
Civil development of the military C-97


707
865



720
154
Modified variant of the 707


717
156
Twin-engine narrow body jet, originally named MD-95 that evolved from the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 family


727
1,832
Three-engine narrow body jet


757
1,050
Narrow body twin-engine jet


Gallery[edit]

Boeing 7x7 series






Boeing 707









Boeing 717









Boeing 727









Boeing 737









Boeing 747









Boeing 757









Boeing 767









Boeing 777









Boeing 787




Specialty and other aircraft[edit]
Airlines commonly order aircraft with special features or options, but Boeing builds certain models specifically for a particular customer.

The Boeing 707-138B was a shortened-fuselage, long-range model only sold to Qantas.
The Boeing 757-200M was a single-example model built for Royal Nepal Airlines (now called Nepal Airlines). This plane could be converted between passenger and freighter configuration. It was launched by Royal Nepal Airlines in 1986 and delivered two years later.
Boeing 747

The Shuttle Carrier Aircraft
The Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter is a wide-body cargo aircraft.
The 747SP production resumed nearly four years after the supposedly final 747SP was built, to manufacture one aircraft for the United Arab Emirates. It had a cockpit crew of two instead of the three-crew layout of other 747SPs.
Two Boeing VC-25s were built for the US Air Force as Presidential Air Force One transports. This model was a highly modified 747-200B.


Boeing was a consultant to Sukhoi on the Russian Regional Jet program that subsequently became the Sukhoi Superjet 100 twin-engine narrowbody airliner.

Concepts[edit]

Boeing 2707 – supersonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing 7J7 – high-efficiency propfan airliner, canceled and may later resume for Y1.
Boeing 747-300 Trijet - high-efficiency trijet version of the Boeing 747-200, canceled.
Boeing New Large Airplane – double-deck jumbo airliner, canceled.
Boeing RC-1 - cargo aircraft, canceled.
Boeing Sonic Cruiser – near-sonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) Airplane[26]

Airfoils[edit]

Boeing 103 - used on Model 40 and F2B
Boeing 103A - used on F2B and F3B
Boeing 106 - used on Model 80, P-12, Monomail, Model 226
Boeing 106B - used on Model 95, Model 247D, P-12
Boeing 106R - used on various Beriev models
Boeing 109 - used on Model 95 and P-26
Boeing 117 - used on XPBB, B-29 and derivatives (307, 367, 377), all Aero Spacelines models, Tupolev Tu-4, Tu-70, Tu-75, Tu-80.

Major facilities[edit]

Long Beach, California - McDonnell Douglas aircraft assembly and testing. It currently supports Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Seattle - Puget Sound region, Washington

Boeing Field, Seattle, Washington - Flight testing for Boeing aircraft, except McDonnell Douglas-designed aircraft
Boeing Everett Factory, Everett, Washington - 747, 767, 777, and 787 production and final assembly plant
Boeing Renton Factory, Renton, Washington - 737 and former 707, 727 and 757 production and final assembly plant


Boeing Charleston Factory, North Charleston, South Carolina - 787 subassemblies and final assembly plant

See also[edit]


Aviation portal
USA portal



Airbus
Bombardier Aerospace
Comac
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Embraer
List of civil aircraft
United Aircraft Corporation

References[edit]


^ {{cite web |url= http://investors.boeing.com/investors/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Boeing-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-Results-and-Provides-2017-Guidance/default.aspx
^ http://www.boeing.com/company/general-info/
^ a b "Backgrounder" (PDF). The Boeing Company. November 2014. Boeing Commercial Airplanes employs more than 83,000 people under the leadership of President and CEO Ray Conner. The business unit’s revenue in 2013 was a record $53 billion. 
^ "Boeing Commercial Airplanes: A Better Way To Fly". The Boeing Company. 
^ "McDonnell Douglas shareholders approve merger with Boeing" (Press release). The Boeing Company. July 25, 1997. Archived from the original on January 20, 2011. Retrieved January 19, 2011. McDonnell Douglas Corporation's (NYSE: MD) shareholders voted today to approve the merger with The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). 
^ Aeroinfo Systems
^ Aviall, Inc.
^ Aviation Partners Boeing
^ Boeing Training & Flight Services Archived November 30, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ CDG
^ Preston Aviation Solutions
^ "Boeing Acquires Alenia North America's Interest in Global Aeronautica". Boeing, December 22, 2009.
^ a b "Executive Biography of Kevin McAllister". Boeing.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ a b "Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO". seattletimes.com. November 21, 2016. Retrieved January 1, 2017. 
^ "Boeing Names New Senior Leaders, Launches Integrated Services Business". boeing.mediaroom.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ as of January 2016
^ "The Boeing 737 Technical Site". B737.org.uk. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ The Boeing 767 family. Boeing.
^ Boeing 777 Family Archived June 8, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing Commercial Airplanes
^ http://boeing.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=20295&item=129827
^ 787-8 Fact Sheet, 787-9 Fact Sheet. Boeing.
^ Trimble, Stephen. "Boeing shows off completed horizontal stabiliser for 787-9". Flight International, January 15, 2013.
^ "Boeing Business Jets". Boeing. Retrieved November 7, 2013. 
^ "Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go". The Seattle Times. 2017-05-16. Retrieved 2017-05-18. 
^ http://active.boeing.com/commercial/orders/index.cfm?content=displaystandardreport.cfm&pageid=m25066&RequestTimeout=20000
^ Gervais, Edward L. (November 29, 2007). "Boeing Current and Future Product Review" (PDF). Presentation to Federal Aviation Administration Great Lakes Region 23rd Annual Airport Conference. Boeing Commercial Airplanes. p. 54. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 19, 2008. Retrieved March 18, 2008. 


External links[edit]

Boeing Commercial Airplanes page
BCA Recent orders summary page and BCA Orders and Deliveries report page
Official site for Boeing's new airplanes
Complete production list starting with Model 1
Boeing’s Triumph: The American Jetliner
BBC Q&A: Boeing and Airbus







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser











v
t
e


Boeing 7x7 aircraft production timeline, 1955–present



1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s


5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9



Boeing 707







Boeing 720













Boeing 717 (MD-95)






Boeing 727








Boeing 737 Original
Boeing 737 Classic
Boeing 737 NG
737 MAX




Boeing 747 (Boeing 747SP)
Boeing 747-400
747-8






Boeing 757








Boeing 767







Boeing 777
777X








Boeing 787


  = Narrow-body
  = Wide-body


*Overlapping production times like between the 747-400 and the 747-8 have been decided in favor of newer models








v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing_Commercial_Airplanes&oldid=791854705"					
Categories: BoeingAerospace companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Renton, WashingtonCollier Trophy recipientsAmerican companies established in 1997Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from October 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2008All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةفارسیBahasa IndonesiaLietuviųBahasa MelayuNorsk bokmålOccitanSlovenčinaSlovenščinaไทยУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing Commercial Airplanes - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing Commercial Airplanes

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Boeing Commercial Airplanes









Type

Private
(division of The Boeing Company)


Industry
Aviation


Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15)


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Renton, Washington, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kevin G. McAllister (President and CEO of BCA)


Products
737, 747, 767, 777, 787, Boeing Business Jet (BBJ)


Services
Maintenance, Training


Revenue
US$65 billion (FY 2016[1])



Number of employees

72,465 (May 25, 2017)[2]


Parent
The Boeing Company


Website
boeing.com/commercial/


Footnotes / references
[3]


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is a division of The Boeing Company. It designs, assembles, markets, and sells jet airliners and business jets (Boeing Business Jets); it also provides product-related maintenance and training to customers worldwide.[4] It operates from division headquarters in Renton, Washington, with more than a dozen engineering, manufacturing, and assembly facilities located throughout the U.S. and internationally.[3] BCA includes the assets of the Douglas Aircraft division of the former McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which merged with Boeing in 1997.[5]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Management
3 Products

3.1 Model naming convention
3.2 Aircraft in production or development


4 Orders and deliveries

4.1 Discontinued aircraft
4.2 Gallery
4.3 Specialty and other aircraft
4.4 Concepts
4.5 Airfoils


5 Major facilities
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



Organization[edit]
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is organized as:

Airplane Programs

Renton - 737, BBJ, P-8A Poseidon
Everett - 747, 767, 777, 787
Fabrication Division
Global Partners
Propulsion Systems


787 Program
Commercial Aviation Services

BCA subsidiaries:

Aeroinfo Systems[6]
Aviall[7]
Aviation Partners Boeing,[8] a 50/50 joint venture with Aviation Partners Inc.
Boeing Canada
Boeing Training & Flight Services (was Alteon Training)[9]
CDG[10]
Jeppesen, formerly Jeppesen Sanderson.
Preston Aviation Solutions[11]
Global Aeronautica, formerly a 50/50 joint-venture with Alenia Aeronautica[12]

Management[edit]

Kevin G. McAllister, President and CEO of BCA[13]

In November 2016, Boeing announced that Ray Conner, 61 years old, would step down immediately and be replaced.[14] Kevin G. McAllister was named President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA).[13] McAllister is 53 years old and is a former executive at GE Aviation.[15][14]
Products[edit]
Model naming convention[edit]
See also: List of Boeing customer codes
For all models sold beginning with the Boeing 707 in 1957, Boeing's naming system for commercial airliners has taken the form of 7X7. All model designations from 707 through 787 have been assigned, leaving 797 as the only 7X7 model name not assigned to a product.
For model numbers in the 707 to 777 range, the model number consists of an airplane's model number, for example 707 or 747, followed by a dash and three digits that represent the series within the model, for example 707-320 or 747-400. In aviation circles, a more specific model designation is sometimes used where the last two digits of the series designator are replaced by the two digit, alpha-numeric Boeing customer code, for example 747-121, representing a 747-100 originally ordered by Pan American World Airways (Boeing customer code 21) or 737-7H4, representing a 737-700 originally ordered by Southwest Airlines (Boeing customer code H4). Unlike other models, the 787 uses a single digit to designate the series, for example 787-8. This convention was followed in the development of the newest version of the 747, the 747-8, along with the 737 MAX and 777X series.
Additional letters are sometimes appended to the model name as a suffix, including "ER" to designate an "extended range" version, such as the 777-300ER, or "LR" to designate a "long range" version, for example 777-200LR. Other suffix designators include "F" for "freighter" (747-400F), "C" for "convertible" aircraft that can be converted between a passenger and freighter configuration (727-100C) and "M" for "combi" aircraft that are configured to carry both passengers and freight at the same time (757-200M, 747-400M). Passenger aircraft that are originally manufactured as passenger aircraft and later converted to freighter configuration by Boeing carry the suffix "BCF" designating a Boeing converted freighter (747-400BCF).
Aircraft in production or development[edit]

Product list and details

Aircraft model
Number built[16]
Description
Capacity
First flight
Variants in production
Out-of-production variants


737
9,335
Twin‑engine, single aisle, short- to medium-range narrow-body
85–215
April 9, 1967
700, 800, 900ER, BBJ, C-40, 737 AEW&C, P-8, 737 MAX
100, 200, 200C, 200 Adv, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700ER, 900[17]


747
1,528
Heavy, four‑engine, partial double deck, twin–aisle main deck, single–aisle upper deck, medium- to long-range widebody
467–605
February 9, 1969
8I, 8F, BBJ
100, 100SR, 100B, 200, 200F, 200C, SP, 200M, 300, 300M, 300SR, 400, 400M, 400D, 400F, 400ER, 400ERF, VC-25, E-4, YAL-1


767
1,096
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range widebody
180–375
September 26, 1981
300ER, 300F, KC-767, KC-46
200, 200ER, 300, 400ER,[18] E-767


777
1,460
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range, ultra long-range (200LR), widebody
301–550
June 12, 1994
300ER, Freighter[19]
200, 200ER, 200LR, 300


787
500[20]
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, long-range widebody
210–330[21]
December 15, 2009
8, 9,[22] 10, BBJ[23]




Future airliner models

Expected
EIS
Type
Description
Notes


2020
777X
New 777 series, with the lengthened 777-9X, and extra long range 777-8X. It has a new engine, and new composite wings with folding wingtip




Y1/737RS
Code name for the Boeing 737 and 757-200 replacement project




Y3
Code name for the Boeing 747 and 777-300 replacement project



Orders and deliveries[edit]
The table below lists only airliners from the jet era.


Aircraft
Orders
Deliveries
Unfilled


707

865


865




717

155


155




720

154


154




727

1831


1831




737 Original

1144


1144




737 Classic

1988


1988




737 NG

7049


6203


846



737 MAX

3606



1[24]



3606



747

1418


1418




747-8

138


110


28



757

1049


1049




767

1189


1096


93



777

1596


1460


136



777X

306



306



787

1200


500


700



Totals

23,679


17,964


5,715



Data from Boeing through end of December 2016[25]
Discontinued aircraft[edit]


Aircraft
model
Number
built
Notes


1
2



6
1



6D
2



7




8
1



40
84



64
1



80
16



81
2



95
25



200 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


203
7



204
7



221 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


247
75



307 Stratoliner
10



314 Clipper
12



367-80
1



377 Stratocruiser
56
Civil development of the military C-97


707
865



720
154
Modified variant of the 707


717
156
Twin-engine narrow body jet, originally named MD-95 that evolved from the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 family


727
1,832
Three-engine narrow body jet


757
1,050
Narrow body twin-engine jet


Gallery[edit]

Boeing 7x7 series






Boeing 707









Boeing 717









Boeing 727









Boeing 737









Boeing 747









Boeing 757









Boeing 767









Boeing 777









Boeing 787




Specialty and other aircraft[edit]
Airlines commonly order aircraft with special features or options, but Boeing builds certain models specifically for a particular customer.

The Boeing 707-138B was a shortened-fuselage, long-range model only sold to Qantas.
The Boeing 757-200M was a single-example model built for Royal Nepal Airlines (now called Nepal Airlines). This plane could be converted between passenger and freighter configuration. It was launched by Royal Nepal Airlines in 1986 and delivered two years later.
Boeing 747

The Shuttle Carrier Aircraft
The Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter is a wide-body cargo aircraft.
The 747SP production resumed nearly four years after the supposedly final 747SP was built, to manufacture one aircraft for the United Arab Emirates. It had a cockpit crew of two instead of the three-crew layout of other 747SPs.
Two Boeing VC-25s were built for the US Air Force as Presidential Air Force One transports. This model was a highly modified 747-200B.


Boeing was a consultant to Sukhoi on the Russian Regional Jet program that subsequently became the Sukhoi Superjet 100 twin-engine narrowbody airliner.

Concepts[edit]

Boeing 2707 – supersonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing 7J7 – high-efficiency propfan airliner, canceled and may later resume for Y1.
Boeing 747-300 Trijet - high-efficiency trijet version of the Boeing 747-200, canceled.
Boeing New Large Airplane – double-deck jumbo airliner, canceled.
Boeing RC-1 - cargo aircraft, canceled.
Boeing Sonic Cruiser – near-sonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) Airplane[26]

Airfoils[edit]

Boeing 103 - used on Model 40 and F2B
Boeing 103A - used on F2B and F3B
Boeing 106 - used on Model 80, P-12, Monomail, Model 226
Boeing 106B - used on Model 95, Model 247D, P-12
Boeing 106R - used on various Beriev models
Boeing 109 - used on Model 95 and P-26
Boeing 117 - used on XPBB, B-29 and derivatives (307, 367, 377), all Aero Spacelines models, Tupolev Tu-4, Tu-70, Tu-75, Tu-80.

Major facilities[edit]

Long Beach, California - McDonnell Douglas aircraft assembly and testing. It currently supports Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Seattle - Puget Sound region, Washington

Boeing Field, Seattle, Washington - Flight testing for Boeing aircraft, except McDonnell Douglas-designed aircraft
Boeing Everett Factory, Everett, Washington - 747, 767, 777, and 787 production and final assembly plant
Boeing Renton Factory, Renton, Washington - 737 and former 707, 727 and 757 production and final assembly plant


Boeing Charleston Factory, North Charleston, South Carolina - 787 subassemblies and final assembly plant

See also[edit]


Aviation portal
USA portal



Airbus
Bombardier Aerospace
Comac
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Embraer
List of civil aircraft
United Aircraft Corporation

References[edit]


^ {{cite web |url= http://investors.boeing.com/investors/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Boeing-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-Results-and-Provides-2017-Guidance/default.aspx
^ http://www.boeing.com/company/general-info/
^ a b "Backgrounder" (PDF). The Boeing Company. November 2014. Boeing Commercial Airplanes employs more than 83,000 people under the leadership of President and CEO Ray Conner. The business unit’s revenue in 2013 was a record $53 billion. 
^ "Boeing Commercial Airplanes: A Better Way To Fly". The Boeing Company. 
^ "McDonnell Douglas shareholders approve merger with Boeing" (Press release). The Boeing Company. July 25, 1997. Archived from the original on January 20, 2011. Retrieved January 19, 2011. McDonnell Douglas Corporation's (NYSE: MD) shareholders voted today to approve the merger with The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). 
^ Aeroinfo Systems
^ Aviall, Inc.
^ Aviation Partners Boeing
^ Boeing Training & Flight Services Archived November 30, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ CDG
^ Preston Aviation Solutions
^ "Boeing Acquires Alenia North America's Interest in Global Aeronautica". Boeing, December 22, 2009.
^ a b "Executive Biography of Kevin McAllister". Boeing.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ a b "Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO". seattletimes.com. November 21, 2016. Retrieved January 1, 2017. 
^ "Boeing Names New Senior Leaders, Launches Integrated Services Business". boeing.mediaroom.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ as of January 2016
^ "The Boeing 737 Technical Site". B737.org.uk. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ The Boeing 767 family. Boeing.
^ Boeing 777 Family Archived June 8, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing Commercial Airplanes
^ http://boeing.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=20295&item=129827
^ 787-8 Fact Sheet, 787-9 Fact Sheet. Boeing.
^ Trimble, Stephen. "Boeing shows off completed horizontal stabiliser for 787-9". Flight International, January 15, 2013.
^ "Boeing Business Jets". Boeing. Retrieved November 7, 2013. 
^ "Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go". The Seattle Times. 2017-05-16. Retrieved 2017-05-18. 
^ http://active.boeing.com/commercial/orders/index.cfm?content=displaystandardreport.cfm&pageid=m25066&RequestTimeout=20000
^ Gervais, Edward L. (November 29, 2007). "Boeing Current and Future Product Review" (PDF). Presentation to Federal Aviation Administration Great Lakes Region 23rd Annual Airport Conference. Boeing Commercial Airplanes. p. 54. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 19, 2008. Retrieved March 18, 2008. 


External links[edit]

Boeing Commercial Airplanes page
BCA Recent orders summary page and BCA Orders and Deliveries report page
Official site for Boeing's new airplanes
Complete production list starting with Model 1
Boeing’s Triumph: The American Jetliner
BBC Q&A: Boeing and Airbus







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser











v
t
e


Boeing 7x7 aircraft production timeline, 1955–present



1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s


5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9



Boeing 707







Boeing 720













Boeing 717 (MD-95)






Boeing 727








Boeing 737 Original
Boeing 737 Classic
Boeing 737 NG
737 MAX




Boeing 747 (Boeing 747SP)
Boeing 747-400
747-8






Boeing 757








Boeing 767







Boeing 777
777X








Boeing 787


  = Narrow-body
  = Wide-body


*Overlapping production times like between the 747-400 and the 747-8 have been decided in favor of newer models








v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing_Commercial_Airplanes&oldid=791854705"					
Categories: BoeingAerospace companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Renton, WashingtonCollier Trophy recipientsAmerican companies established in 1997Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from October 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2008All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةفارسیBahasa IndonesiaLietuviųBahasa MelayuNorsk bokmålOccitanSlovenčinaSlovenščinaไทยУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boeing Commercial Airplanes - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing Commercial Airplanes

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2008) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Boeing Commercial Airplanes









Type

Private
(division of The Boeing Company)


Industry
Aviation


Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15)


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Renton, Washington, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Kevin G. McAllister (President and CEO of BCA)


Products
737, 747, 767, 777, 787, Boeing Business Jet (BBJ)


Services
Maintenance, Training


Revenue
US$65 billion (FY 2016[1])



Number of employees

72,465 (May 25, 2017)[2]


Parent
The Boeing Company


Website
boeing.com/commercial/


Footnotes / references
[3]


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is a division of The Boeing Company. It designs, assembles, markets, and sells jet airliners and business jets (Boeing Business Jets); it also provides product-related maintenance and training to customers worldwide.[4] It operates from division headquarters in Renton, Washington, with more than a dozen engineering, manufacturing, and assembly facilities located throughout the U.S. and internationally.[3] BCA includes the assets of the Douglas Aircraft division of the former McDonnell Douglas Corporation, which merged with Boeing in 1997.[5]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Management
3 Products

3.1 Model naming convention
3.2 Aircraft in production or development


4 Orders and deliveries

4.1 Discontinued aircraft
4.2 Gallery
4.3 Specialty and other aircraft
4.4 Concepts
4.5 Airfoils


5 Major facilities
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



Organization[edit]
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA) is organized as:

Airplane Programs

Renton - 737, BBJ, P-8A Poseidon
Everett - 747, 767, 777, 787
Fabrication Division
Global Partners
Propulsion Systems


787 Program
Commercial Aviation Services

BCA subsidiaries:

Aeroinfo Systems[6]
Aviall[7]
Aviation Partners Boeing,[8] a 50/50 joint venture with Aviation Partners Inc.
Boeing Canada
Boeing Training & Flight Services (was Alteon Training)[9]
CDG[10]
Jeppesen, formerly Jeppesen Sanderson.
Preston Aviation Solutions[11]
Global Aeronautica, formerly a 50/50 joint-venture with Alenia Aeronautica[12]

Management[edit]

Kevin G. McAllister, President and CEO of BCA[13]

In November 2016, Boeing announced that Ray Conner, 61 years old, would step down immediately and be replaced.[14] Kevin G. McAllister was named President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA).[13] McAllister is 53 years old and is a former executive at GE Aviation.[15][14]
Products[edit]
Model naming convention[edit]
See also: List of Boeing customer codes
For all models sold beginning with the Boeing 707 in 1957, Boeing's naming system for commercial airliners has taken the form of 7X7. All model designations from 707 through 787 have been assigned, leaving 797 as the only 7X7 model name not assigned to a product.
For model numbers in the 707 to 777 range, the model number consists of an airplane's model number, for example 707 or 747, followed by a dash and three digits that represent the series within the model, for example 707-320 or 747-400. In aviation circles, a more specific model designation is sometimes used where the last two digits of the series designator are replaced by the two digit, alpha-numeric Boeing customer code, for example 747-121, representing a 747-100 originally ordered by Pan American World Airways (Boeing customer code 21) or 737-7H4, representing a 737-700 originally ordered by Southwest Airlines (Boeing customer code H4). Unlike other models, the 787 uses a single digit to designate the series, for example 787-8. This convention was followed in the development of the newest version of the 747, the 747-8, along with the 737 MAX and 777X series.
Additional letters are sometimes appended to the model name as a suffix, including "ER" to designate an "extended range" version, such as the 777-300ER, or "LR" to designate a "long range" version, for example 777-200LR. Other suffix designators include "F" for "freighter" (747-400F), "C" for "convertible" aircraft that can be converted between a passenger and freighter configuration (727-100C) and "M" for "combi" aircraft that are configured to carry both passengers and freight at the same time (757-200M, 747-400M). Passenger aircraft that are originally manufactured as passenger aircraft and later converted to freighter configuration by Boeing carry the suffix "BCF" designating a Boeing converted freighter (747-400BCF).
Aircraft in production or development[edit]

Product list and details

Aircraft model
Number built[16]
Description
Capacity
First flight
Variants in production
Out-of-production variants


737
9,335
Twin‑engine, single aisle, short- to medium-range narrow-body
85–215
April 9, 1967
700, 800, 900ER, BBJ, C-40, 737 AEW&C, P-8, 737 MAX
100, 200, 200C, 200 Adv, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700ER, 900[17]


747
1,528
Heavy, four‑engine, partial double deck, twin–aisle main deck, single–aisle upper deck, medium- to long-range widebody
467–605
February 9, 1969
8I, 8F, BBJ
100, 100SR, 100B, 200, 200F, 200C, SP, 200M, 300, 300M, 300SR, 400, 400M, 400D, 400F, 400ER, 400ERF, VC-25, E-4, YAL-1


767
1,096
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range widebody
180–375
September 26, 1981
300ER, 300F, KC-767, KC-46
200, 200ER, 300, 400ER,[18] E-767


777
1,460
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, medium- to long-range, ultra long-range (200LR), widebody
301–550
June 12, 1994
300ER, Freighter[19]
200, 200ER, 200LR, 300


787
500[20]
Heavy, twin-engine, twin aisle, long-range widebody
210–330[21]
December 15, 2009
8, 9,[22] 10, BBJ[23]




Future airliner models

Expected
EIS
Type
Description
Notes


2020
777X
New 777 series, with the lengthened 777-9X, and extra long range 777-8X. It has a new engine, and new composite wings with folding wingtip




Y1/737RS
Code name for the Boeing 737 and 757-200 replacement project




Y3
Code name for the Boeing 747 and 777-300 replacement project



Orders and deliveries[edit]
The table below lists only airliners from the jet era.


Aircraft
Orders
Deliveries
Unfilled


707

865


865




717

155


155




720

154


154




727

1831


1831




737 Original

1144


1144




737 Classic

1988


1988




737 NG

7049


6203


846



737 MAX

3606



1[24]



3606



747

1418


1418




747-8

138


110


28



757

1049


1049




767

1189


1096


93



777

1596


1460


136



777X

306



306



787

1200


500


700



Totals

23,679


17,964


5,715



Data from Boeing through end of December 2016[25]
Discontinued aircraft[edit]


Aircraft
model
Number
built
Notes


1
2



6
1



6D
2



7




8
1



40
84



64
1



80
16



81
2



95
25



200 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


203
7



204
7



221 Monomail
1
Converted into Model 221A as 8-passenger airliner


247
75



307 Stratoliner
10



314 Clipper
12



367-80
1



377 Stratocruiser
56
Civil development of the military C-97


707
865



720
154
Modified variant of the 707


717
156
Twin-engine narrow body jet, originally named MD-95 that evolved from the McDonnell Douglas DC-9 family


727
1,832
Three-engine narrow body jet


757
1,050
Narrow body twin-engine jet


Gallery[edit]

Boeing 7x7 series






Boeing 707









Boeing 717









Boeing 727









Boeing 737









Boeing 747









Boeing 757









Boeing 767









Boeing 777









Boeing 787




Specialty and other aircraft[edit]
Airlines commonly order aircraft with special features or options, but Boeing builds certain models specifically for a particular customer.

The Boeing 707-138B was a shortened-fuselage, long-range model only sold to Qantas.
The Boeing 757-200M was a single-example model built for Royal Nepal Airlines (now called Nepal Airlines). This plane could be converted between passenger and freighter configuration. It was launched by Royal Nepal Airlines in 1986 and delivered two years later.
Boeing 747

The Shuttle Carrier Aircraft
The Boeing 747 Large Cargo Freighter is a wide-body cargo aircraft.
The 747SP production resumed nearly four years after the supposedly final 747SP was built, to manufacture one aircraft for the United Arab Emirates. It had a cockpit crew of two instead of the three-crew layout of other 747SPs.
Two Boeing VC-25s were built for the US Air Force as Presidential Air Force One transports. This model was a highly modified 747-200B.


Boeing was a consultant to Sukhoi on the Russian Regional Jet program that subsequently became the Sukhoi Superjet 100 twin-engine narrowbody airliner.

Concepts[edit]

Boeing 2707 – supersonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing 7J7 – high-efficiency propfan airliner, canceled and may later resume for Y1.
Boeing 747-300 Trijet - high-efficiency trijet version of the Boeing 747-200, canceled.
Boeing New Large Airplane – double-deck jumbo airliner, canceled.
Boeing RC-1 - cargo aircraft, canceled.
Boeing Sonic Cruiser – near-sonic airliner, canceled.
Boeing Liquid Hydrogen (LH2) Airplane[26]

Airfoils[edit]

Boeing 103 - used on Model 40 and F2B
Boeing 103A - used on F2B and F3B
Boeing 106 - used on Model 80, P-12, Monomail, Model 226
Boeing 106B - used on Model 95, Model 247D, P-12
Boeing 106R - used on various Beriev models
Boeing 109 - used on Model 95 and P-26
Boeing 117 - used on XPBB, B-29 and derivatives (307, 367, 377), all Aero Spacelines models, Tupolev Tu-4, Tu-70, Tu-75, Tu-80.

Major facilities[edit]

Long Beach, California - McDonnell Douglas aircraft assembly and testing. It currently supports Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Seattle - Puget Sound region, Washington

Boeing Field, Seattle, Washington - Flight testing for Boeing aircraft, except McDonnell Douglas-designed aircraft
Boeing Everett Factory, Everett, Washington - 747, 767, 777, and 787 production and final assembly plant
Boeing Renton Factory, Renton, Washington - 737 and former 707, 727 and 757 production and final assembly plant


Boeing Charleston Factory, North Charleston, South Carolina - 787 subassemblies and final assembly plant

See also[edit]


Aviation portal
USA portal



Airbus
Bombardier Aerospace
Comac
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Embraer
List of civil aircraft
United Aircraft Corporation

References[edit]


^ {{cite web |url= http://investors.boeing.com/investors/investor-news/press-release-details/2017/Boeing-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-Results-and-Provides-2017-Guidance/default.aspx
^ http://www.boeing.com/company/general-info/
^ a b "Backgrounder" (PDF). The Boeing Company. November 2014. Boeing Commercial Airplanes employs more than 83,000 people under the leadership of President and CEO Ray Conner. The business unit’s revenue in 2013 was a record $53 billion. 
^ "Boeing Commercial Airplanes: A Better Way To Fly". The Boeing Company. 
^ "McDonnell Douglas shareholders approve merger with Boeing" (Press release). The Boeing Company. July 25, 1997. Archived from the original on January 20, 2011. Retrieved January 19, 2011. McDonnell Douglas Corporation's (NYSE: MD) shareholders voted today to approve the merger with The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). 
^ Aeroinfo Systems
^ Aviall, Inc.
^ Aviation Partners Boeing
^ Boeing Training & Flight Services Archived November 30, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ CDG
^ Preston Aviation Solutions
^ "Boeing Acquires Alenia North America's Interest in Global Aeronautica". Boeing, December 22, 2009.
^ a b "Executive Biography of Kevin McAllister". Boeing.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ a b "Boeing goes outside for new Commercial Airplanes CEO". seattletimes.com. November 21, 2016. Retrieved January 1, 2017. 
^ "Boeing Names New Senior Leaders, Launches Integrated Services Business". boeing.mediaroom.com. Retrieved Jan 1, 2017. 
^ as of January 2016
^ "The Boeing 737 Technical Site". B737.org.uk. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ The Boeing 767 family. Boeing.
^ Boeing 777 Family Archived June 8, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing Commercial Airplanes
^ http://boeing.mediaroom.com/index.php?s=20295&item=129827
^ 787-8 Fact Sheet, 787-9 Fact Sheet. Boeing.
^ Trimble, Stephen. "Boeing shows off completed horizontal stabiliser for 787-9". Flight International, January 15, 2013.
^ "Boeing Business Jets". Boeing. Retrieved November 7, 2013. 
^ "Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go". The Seattle Times. 2017-05-16. Retrieved 2017-05-18. 
^ http://active.boeing.com/commercial/orders/index.cfm?content=displaystandardreport.cfm&pageid=m25066&RequestTimeout=20000
^ Gervais, Edward L. (November 29, 2007). "Boeing Current and Future Product Review" (PDF). Presentation to Federal Aviation Administration Great Lakes Region 23rd Annual Airport Conference. Boeing Commercial Airplanes. p. 54. Archived from the original (PDF) on March 19, 2008. Retrieved March 18, 2008. 


External links[edit]

Boeing Commercial Airplanes page
BCA Recent orders summary page and BCA Orders and Deliveries report page
Official site for Boeing's new airplanes
Complete production list starting with Model 1
Boeing’s Triumph: The American Jetliner
BBC Q&A: Boeing and Airbus







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser











v
t
e


Boeing 7x7 aircraft production timeline, 1955–present



1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s


5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9



Boeing 707







Boeing 720













Boeing 717 (MD-95)






Boeing 727








Boeing 737 Original
Boeing 737 Classic
Boeing 737 NG
737 MAX




Boeing 747 (Boeing 747SP)
Boeing 747-400
747-8






Boeing 757








Boeing 767







Boeing 777
777X








Boeing 787


  = Narrow-body
  = Wide-body


*Overlapping production times like between the 747-400 and the 747-8 have been decided in favor of newer models








v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing_Commercial_Airplanes&oldid=791854705"					
Categories: BoeingAerospace companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Renton, WashingtonCollier Trophy recipientsAmerican companies established in 1997Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from October 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2008All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةفارسیBahasa IndonesiaLietuviųBahasa MelayuNorsk bokmålOccitanSlovenčinaSlovenščinaไทยУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






﻿


Boeing | Competitors & Competition


















The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) | Competitors & Competition















Competition

Commercial Airplanes

The commercial jet aircraft market and the airline industry remain extremely competitive. Boeing faces aggressive 
			international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share, such as Airbus, Embraer and Bombardier 
			and, to some extent, from entrants from Russia (Irkut - United Aircraft Corporation), 
			China (COMAC) and Japan (Mitsubishi Aircraft). 
			Boeing is focused on improving its processes and continuing cost reduction efforts. 
			The company intends to continue to compete with other airplane manufacturers by providing customers with greater value products, 
			services, and support. Boeing continues to leverage its extensive customer support services network which span the life cycle of the airplane: 
			aircraft acquisition, readying for service, maintenance and engineering, enhancing and upgrading, and transitioning to the next model - 
			as well as the daily cycle of gate-to-gate operations. This enables the company to provide a high level of customer satisfaction and productivity.


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) faces strong competition in all market segments, primarily from 
			Lockheed Martin, 
			Northrop Grumman, 
			Raytheon Company, 
			General Dynamics, and SpaceX. 
			Non-U.S. companies such as BAE Systems and Airbus Group (formerly European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company (EADS)) continue to build a strategic presence in the U.S. market by strengthening their North American 
			operations and partnering with U.S. defense companies. In addition, certain of Boeing's competitors have occasionally formed teams with other competitors to address specific customer requirements. 
			BDS expects the trend of strong competition to continue into 2017.
			
			Due to the nature of the defense industry, Boeing occasionally forms teams with other companies that are competitors in other areas 
			to provide customers with the best mix of capabilities to address specific requirements. 
			For example, Lockheed Martin 
			is a key competitor to Boeing but together, the companies own and operate Hellfire Systems, LLC 
			which is a joint venture created to manufacture the AGM-114 Hellfire Missile. 
			The two companies also jointly own and operate United Launch Alliance LLC, which manufactures Delta IV and Atlas V launch vehicles 
			for the U.S. Air Force EELV program. 
			Also, Boeing and Lockheed Martin 
			are both prime contractors on the F-22 Raptor 
			defense program (F-22 no longer produced).
			
			Furthermore, Boeing and Bell Helicopter (Textron) formed the Bell-Boeing Joint Project Office 
			to build the V-22 Osprey 
			(CV-22/MV-22) tilt-rotor aircraft.




Boeing | Revenues
Boeing | Net Income
Boeing | R&D Spending
Boeing | # Employees


























Main Page
Commercial Fleet
Top 100 Airlines
Top 100 Airports






Main Page
Gov't Contractors
DoD Contractors
NASA Contractors
Boeing
General Dynamics
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Grumman
Raytheon
United Technologies







General Aviation







Military Aircraft
Military Vehicles
Naval Systems
Missiles
Aviation Gas Turbines
F-35 Lightning II
F-22 Raptor
F/A-18 Super Hornet
KC-46 Tanker
C-130 Hercules
P-8A Poseidon
CV/MV-22 Osprey







DoD Spending
DoD Contractors
Aircraft Programs
Missile Programs
Space Programs
Naval Programs
Vehicle Programs
Prime Contractors







Database Main
U.S. Economic Data
Aerospace Int'l Trade
Manufacturing Data
Air Traffic Data
Military & Defense
Fuel, Energy, Co2







Capabilities
About Us
Contact Us
Product Overview
2017 e-Catalog
Platinum
Civil Aircraft Forecast
Military Aircraft Forecast
Consulting
FI Blog






















































































Competitor info for other companies:




Boeing
-------------------------------
All Companies Page
-------------------------------
AeroWeb-A&D20 Firms:
Alcoa
Boeing
General Dynamics
General Electric
Harris Corp.
Honeywell
Huntington Ingalls
L-3 Technologies
Lockheed Martin
Northrop Grumman
Orbital ATK
Oshkosh Corp.
Parker Hannifin
Raytheon
Rockwell Collins
Spirit AeroSystems
Textron
TransDigm Group
Triumph Group
United Technologies
-------------------------------
















































































BA Stock Price - Boeing Co. Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








5:12p

Updated
Trump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’



5:07p

Lawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports



5:00p

Alphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors



3:29p

Updated
You can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 



3:29p

Updated
Want to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things



3:28p

This is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)



2:40p

Updated
John McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 



2:38p

Updated
The dark side of cruises



2:36p

Updated
I want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees



2:34p

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


BA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



BA
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Boeing Co.

Watchlist 
CreateBAAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 7:59 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
212.16



0.02
0.01%



After Hours Volume:
93.8K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$212.14
1.86
0.88%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




69.57% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    2M
                


                65 Day Avg. - 2.9M
            





Open: 209.99
Close: 212.14



209.4100
Day Low/High
212.2014





Day Range



126.3100
52 Week Low/High
212.2014


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$209.99



Day Range
209.4100 - 212.2014



52 Week Range
126.3100 - 212.2014



Market Cap
$128.04B



Shares Outstanding
603.58M



Public Float
602.5M



Beta
1.05



Rev. per Employee
$617.38K



P/E Ratio
26.00



EPS
$8.16



Yield
2.68%



Dividend
$1.42



Ex-Dividend Date
Aug 9, 2017



Short Interest
10.24M
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
1.70%



Average Volume
2.88M




 


Performance




5 Day


1.74%







1 Month


4.90%







3 Month


17.61%







YTD


36.27%







1 Year


58.94%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Stocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 

Jul. 22, 2017 at 8:21 a.m. ET
by Wallace Witkowski










Stock-market benchmarks ring up records as Morgan Stanley fosters buying spirits

Jul. 19, 2017 at 5:14 p.m. ET
by Victor Reklaitis









Google Glass takes a second shot — this time, in enterprises
Google parent Alphabet Inc. is relaunching Glass, its head-worn computer, targeting corporate customers after its initial version flopped because of privacy concerns.

Jul. 19, 2017 at 5:33 a.m. ET
by Laura Stevens










U.S. to spend more on weapons, boding well for defense stocks: analyst

Jul. 17, 2017 at 2:52 p.m. ET
by Claudia Assis









Lockheed Martin Earnings; What to expect
The U.S. defense budget has received a modest bump, but there is lingering uncertainty about future growth as the White House develops its military strategy, and instability in the Middle East rattles key export markets. Lockheed Martin Corp. the world's largest defense company is the industry's bellwether. Here's what to watch out for as the world's largest defense company reports second quarter earnings before the open on Tuesday.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 9:51 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com









Boeing's stock rally adds more to Dow than J.P. Morgan's decline erases
The gain in Boeing Co.'s  stock in premarket trade Friday after an analyst upgrade would add more to the price of the Dow Jones Industrial Average  than the selloff in J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. shares  would erase. Boeing's stock rose $1.77, or 0.9%, ahead of the open, after J.P. Morgan upgraded the aerospace giant to overweight from neutral. The stock's price gain would add about 12.1 points to the price of the Dow. Meanwhile, J.P. Morgan Chase's stock slumped $1.50, or 1.6%, after the banking giant beat second-quarter profit and revenue expectations, but missed on net interest income and as trading revenue declined. That would shave about 10.3 points off the Dow. E-mini Dow futures  were up 3 points in recent trade.

Jul. 14, 2017 at 8:49 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Boeing's stock rallies after J.P. Morgan turns bullish
Shares of Boeing Co.  climbed 1% in premarket trade Friday, after the aerospace and industrial giant was upgraded at J.P. Morgan, citing potential for further outperformance amid positive aerospace industry fundamentals. Analyst Seth Seifman raised his rating to overweight from neutral and boosted his stock price target to $240, which 16% above Thursday's closing price of $206.23, from $205. Seifman said he doesn't believe he will be a "contrary indicator" by turning bullish after the stock already outperformed the industrial sector and broader market by a wide margin, because of "positive aero fundamentals," a conscious effort to try to shape the industry "to capture more value for itself" and an upbeat outlook for free cash flow and earnings. And although investor sentiment has improved, Boeing has received "very few upgrades the past year and holder data shows few active investors establishing or adding to large positions," Seifman wrote. The average rating of the 24 analysts surveyed by FactSet is hold, and the average stock price target is $199.43, which is 3.3% below Thursday's close. The stock has soared 32.5% year to date through Thursday, while the SPDR Industrial Select Sector ETF  has climbed 11.1% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average  has gained 9.1%.

Jul. 14, 2017 at 8:35 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Boeing's stock climbs 0.9% premarket after analyst upgrade
Boeing's stock climbs 0.9% premarket after analyst upgrade

Jul. 14, 2017 at 7:44 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Boeing stock price target raised to $240 from $205 at J.P. Morgan
Boeing stock price target raised to $240 from $205 at J.P. Morgan

Jul. 14, 2017 at 7:42 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore









Boeing upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan
Boeing upgraded to overweight from neutral at J.P. Morgan

Jul. 14, 2017 at 7:42 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore











Opinion            
Under Trump, furious activity but few achievements

Jul. 12, 2017 at 11:21 a.m. ET
by Paul Brandus









Nasdaq closes higher as tech gains for third day
The Nasdaq closed higher Tuesday as tech stocks gained for a third day, with the Dow industrials logging a fractional gain and the S&P 500 retreating slightly, as markets digested the release of emails from President Donald Trump's son concerning meetings with the Russians and the Senate delaying its recess to work on key legislation. The Dow Jones Industrial Average  rose 0.55 points to close at 21,409.07, with shares of General Electric Co.  and Boeing Co.  leading blue chips higher. The S&P 500 index  declined 1.90 points, or less than 0.1%, to end at 2,425.53, with only two sectors closing higher, tech with a 0.4% gain, and energy with a 0.5% gain. Financials and telecom led decliners, both with a 0.7% retreat. The Nasdaq Composite Index  closed up 16.91 points, or 0.3%, at 6,193.30.

Jul. 11, 2017 at 4:08 p.m. ET
by Wallace Witkowski










Dow and S&P 500 haven’t been this  disconnected since 2003

Jul. 8, 2017 at 2:42 p.m. ET
by Mark DeCambre










Nasdaq, S&P 500 close higher as tech stocks rally while Dow dips

Jul. 5, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET
by Sara Sjolin









UPDATE: U.S. Defense stocks rise as tensions with North Korea heat up
Defense stocks were higher Wednesday, as tensions between North Korea and the U.S. rose after the former launched its first ballistic missile capable of reaching the continental U.S. The U.S. and South Korean militaries conducted a joint exercise on Wednesday morning, firing tactical surface-to-surface missiles into the waters off South Korea to counter what it called "North Korea's destabilizing and unlawful actions", The Wall Street Journal reported. Meanwhile, the Eighth U.S. Army, which commands U.S. Army forces in South Korea, said the U.S. commitment to defending South Korea is "ironclad." Against that background, Lockheed Martin Corp.  and Raytheon Co.  rose 1.4%, Boeing Co.  was up 1.3%, Northrop Grumman Corp.  gained 1% and General Dynamics  was up 0.5%. The S&P 500  was flat. 

Jul. 5, 2017 at 12:41 p.m. ET
by Ciara Linnane










Bad government policies block good jobs

Jul. 5, 2017 at 6:07 a.m. ET
by Peter Morici










Sex in a plane seat? Tossing coins into the engine? Why passengers have lost the plot

Jul. 4, 2017 at 4:13 p.m. ET
by Quentin Fottrell










Fly to anywhere on the planet in less than 4 hours?

Jul. 4, 2017 at 10:58 a.m. ET
by Andy Pasztor










Aviation industry wants to strengthen cybersecurity defenses but disagrees on how

Jun. 22, 2017 at 12:17 p.m. ET
by Andy Pasztor









Boeing outsells rivals at Paris Air Show
LE BOURGET, France -- Boeing Co. outsold rival Airbus SE at the Paris Air Show, with the world's top two plane makers combining to secure $114 billion in deals. Boeing Thursday said it had secured 571 new orders and commitments during the industry gathering that typically is a hotbed for plane deals. The agreements are valued at $75 billion at list price, though buyers get discounts

Jun. 22, 2017 at 9:34 a.m. ET
by MarketWatch.com













Boeing, Flying High, Stays the Course on Job Cuts 
Boeing Co. presses forward with efficiency push, cutting 6,000 staff or 4% of its workforce in the first half of 2017, its fastest pace in a decade, as its stock hits new records.

Jul. 22, 2017 at 9:57 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









8 Aerospace-Defense Stocks With Juicy Yields
Aviation and defense stocks have nice yields. Good opportunities exist in companies that overlap.

Jul. 22, 2017 at 12:51 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online









Air Canada Pilots Reportedly Didn’t Use Normal Navigation Aids in Close Call at San Francisco
Pilots of an Air Canada jet failed to use a ground-based guidance system when they nearly landed by mistake on a taxiway at San Francisco International Airport two weeks ago, potentially coming within dozens of feet of airliners on the ground, according to people familiar with the investigation.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 7:55 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Reformers Not Welcome at Ex-Im Bank
Crony capitalists fear Scott Garrett might limit taxpayer credit.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 7:09 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









NASA Finds Ways to Prevent Battery Fires
NASA research to prevent catastrophic fires on vehicles in orbit soon is expected to make personal robots, audio gear and other electronics safer on the ground.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 2:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Garrett Is the Right Man To Clean Up Ex-Im
Instead of questioning Mr. Garrett’s integrity, the better question is why does NAM so staunchly defend an entity that’s become synonymous with corruption and fraud. 

Jul. 19, 2017 at 3:57 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ
Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more

Jul. 19, 2017 at 6:52 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Google Tries Again With Eyeglass-Mounted Device 
A new version of the product targets large corporate customers—not general consumers.

Jul. 19, 2017 at 5:24 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Our Changing News Climate 
Why even New York Times readers may resist the faith. 

Jul. 18, 2017 at 5:06 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Lockheed Martin Earnings: What to Watch
The modest bump in the U.S. defense budget is good news for Lockheed Martin, but there is lingering uncertainty about future growth as the White House develops its military strategy, and instability in the Middle East rattles key export markets.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 9:33 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









The Morning Download: Google Researcher Seeks Breakthrough in Quantum Computing
Good morning. It is said in business, perhaps too often, that you need to focus on where the puck is going, not on where the puck is at any given moment. What if the puck is headed in two directions at once? Could you model for that outcome? If so, you grasp the fundamental weirdness at the heart of quantum computing, in which bits, or qubits, aren’t simply ones or zeroes, but exist in both states at once.  Physicist John Martinis joined Alphabet Inc.’s Google to solve two of the most pressing challenges in advancing this science. “The real excitement is, if you can do it efficiently, you can start solving problems that you couldn’t even dream of solving on a classical computer,” he says.

Jul. 17, 2017 at 9:26 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ
Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more

Jul. 17, 2017 at 6:34 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Emirates, Flydubai Connect in New Middle East Airline Alliance 
Dubai-based carriers Emirates and Flydubai are going to work more closely together through a wide-ranging tie-up, in the latest sign that intensifying political and economic pressures are making Middle East carriers rethink their business plans. 

Jul. 17, 2017 at 6:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









New Jets Threaten Airbus and Boeing Duopoly
The nearly two-decade global dominance by Airbus and Boeing of the so-called single-aisle airliner market is threatened by three new competitors from China, Russia and Canada. 

Jul. 16, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: J.P. Morgan, Citi, Advanced Micro Devices, Wal-Mart, Snap
Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Friday's session are J.P. Morgan Chase & Co, Citigroup Inc., Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Snap Inc..

Jul. 14, 2017 at 9:28 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Austria to Retire Eurofighter Combat Jets 
The Austrian government Friday said it would buy a new fleet of 18 supersonic combat planes and retire its controversial Eurofighter Typhoon combat jets in a move it says could save more than $2 billion. 

Jul. 7, 2017 at 6:27 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Low Pound Could Constrain British Defense Spending
The sharp slide in the British pound’s value against the dollar since the U.K. voted to leave the European Union could pose difficulties for Britain’s defense budget, British Defense Secretary Michael Fallon said.

Jul. 5, 2017 at 2:54 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Second-Quarter Winners & Losers in the U.S. Stock Market
The Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500 have risen for seven straight quarters, fueled in part by investors’ expectations for improved corporate earnings and U.S. economic growth.

Jul. 5, 2017 at 2:05 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Efforts to Tackle Icing Problems on Planes Face Setback
Current aircraft technology to warn pilots they are flying toward potentially hazardous icing conditions is inadequate, a new study says, dealing a setback to years of efforts to find new ways to prevent ice crystals from clogging airliner engines and speed sensors.

Jul. 2, 2017 at 12:52 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









A Niche Business With Extraordinary Returns
The Mendelson family has found a runway to riches with Heico, a maker of replacement aircraft parts. 

Jul. 1, 2017 at 12:41 a.m. ET
on Barron's Online














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Boeing, Flying High, Stays the Course on Job Cuts 
Boeing Co. presses forward with efficiency push, cutting 6,000 staff or 4% of its workforce in the first half of 2017, its fastest pace in a decade, as its stock hits new records.

Jul. 22, 2017 at 9:57 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Boeing, Still DJIA’s Best Stock in 2017, to Report Q2 Earnings This Week
Boeing remains the best performing stock among the 30 equities that comprise the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company reports Q2 earnings Wednesday.

Jul. 22, 2017 at 7:22 a.m. ET
on 247WallSt.com





8 Aerospace-Defense Stocks With Juicy Yields
Aviation and defense stocks have nice yields. Good opportunities exist in companies that overlap.

Jul. 22, 2017 at 4:16 a.m. ET
on Barron's





Air Canada Pilots Reportedly Didn’t Use Normal Navigation Aids in Close Call at San Francisco
Pilots of an Air Canada jet failed to use a ground-based guidance system when they nearly landed by mistake on a taxiway at San Francisco International Airport two weeks ago, potentially coming within dozens of feet of airliners on the ground, according to people familiar with the investigation.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 7:55 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Reformers Not Welcome at Ex-Im Bank
Crony capitalists fear Scott Garrett might limit taxpayer credit.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 7:09 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Four Takeaways from the Q2 Earnings Season
The results thus far provide a positive and reassuring view of corporate earnings.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 6:16 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





NASA Finds Ways to Prevent Battery Fires
NASA research to prevent catastrophic fires on vehicles in orbit soon is expected to make personal robots, audio gear and other electronics safer on the ground.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 2:59 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





Fed, FANGs, Autos, Defense, Eateries On Deck: Investing Action Plan
Here's your weekly Investing Action Plan: what you need to know as an investor for the coming week. [ibd-display-video id=2055986 width=50 float=left autostart=true]The biggest names in the tech, defense, energy, automotive, telecom and restaurant industries will report, including three of the FANG stocks: Facebook (FB), Amazon (AMZN) and Alphabet (GOOGL). The Federal Reserve will hold another policy meeting, while OPEC and non-OPEC officials will

Jul. 21, 2017 at 12:47 p.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





3 Top Defense Stocks to Buy Now
The defense industry has experienced quite the boom since President Trump took office. As defense stocks and funds like the iShares U.S. Aerospace &amp; Defense ETF (ITA) continue to gain this year, let???s take a look at three top picks for your portfolio.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 1:16 p.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Lockheed (LMT) Wins $77M Deal to Support AEGIS Modernization
Lockheed Martin (LMT) is witnessing an increase in demand for its AEGIS system. The missile guidance system provides advanced capabilities to the U.S. Navy to counter emerging threats.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 11:39 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





 How Boeing&#8217;s Current Valuation Compares 
At present, Boeing (BA) has a forward EV-to-EBITDA (enterprise value to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, and amortization) multiple of 11.2x, which is higher than its average multiple since February&#8230;

Jul. 19, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Boeing (BA) Hits 52-Week High on Steady Flow of Contracts
Boeing (BA) hits a 52-week high of $211.25 on a huge number of contracts for its new MAX 10 model and other airplanes.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 9:24 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





3 Drone Companies to Invest in Today


Jul. 21, 2017 at 9:20 a.m. ET
on Motley Fool





 Why Dividend Payers Like Boeing Are Hard to Come By 
Boeing’s (BA) current indicated dividend yield is 2.7%, following a ~12% run-up after 2Q17. The yield was higher than 3% before this huge gain. Boeing’s dividend yield is higher than&#8230;

Jul. 19, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Embraer's Market Outlook Strong, Stiff Competition a Woe
Embraer (ERJ) continues to lead the 70- to 130-seat commercial jet market. Yet, it needs to invest heavily to survive in the competitive aircraft manufacturing market.

Jul. 21, 2017 at 8:21 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





 Why Should You Pay Attention To Boeing&#8217;s Leverage 
Boeing (BA) has financed most of its growth and capital expenditure through debt. After reducing its debt in the first half of 2016, Boeing increased it in the first quarter&#8230;

Jul. 19, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com





Boeing: Beat Or Miss?
Boeing: Beat Or Miss?

Jul. 21, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Embraer Stock Is a Better Buy Than Boeing Stock Right Now


Jul. 20, 2017 at 9:40 p.m. ET
on Motley Fool





Dividend Growth Total Return Portfolio Outperforms In 2017 Q2
Dividend Growth Total Return Portfolio Outperforms In 2017 Q2

Jul. 20, 2017 at 8:55 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





17 Non-Tech Firms Making Big Bets On Artificial Intelligence
While much has been written about information technology companies investing in artificial intelligence, Loup Ventures managing partner Doug Clinton notes that many non-tech companies are capitalizing on AI technology as well. Clinton has put together a portfolio of 17 publicly traded non-tech companies that are making investments in AI to improve their businesses. In a recent blog post, Clinton notes that he assembled the portfolio as a "fun

Jul. 20, 2017 at 1:53 p.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily









Stocks Under Scanner in the Aerospace Products & Services Space -- Boeing, Rockwell Collins, Spirit AeroSystems, and TransDigm
Stocks Under Scanner in the Aerospace Products & Services Space -- Boeing, Rockwell Collins, Spirit AeroSystems, and TransDigm

Jul. 21, 2017 at 6:45 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





ForeFlight Mobile Now Includes Key Jeppesen Flight Data
ForeFlight Mobile Now Includes Key Jeppesen Flight Data

Jul. 20, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing Reports Second-Quarter Deliveries
Boeing Reports Second-Quarter Deliveries

Jul. 7, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing, FedEx Express to Collaborate on ecoDemonstrator Testing
Boeing, FedEx Express to Collaborate on ecoDemonstrator Testing

Jul. 6, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing donates $1 million to six nonprofits at the Warrior Games
Boeing donates $1 million to six nonprofits at the Warrior Games

Jul. 1, 2017 at 6:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing Global Services Begins Operations
Boeing Global Services Begins Operations

Jun. 30, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing, Norwegian Celebrate Delivery of Airline's First 737 MAX 8s
Boeing, Norwegian Celebrate Delivery of Airline's First 737 MAX 8s

Jun. 29, 2017 at 3:05 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing expands CFO Smith's role
Boeing expands CFO Smith's role

Jun. 28, 2017 at 9:15 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing Senior VP Fancher to Retire After 40 Years of Service
Boeing Senior VP Fancher to Retire After 40 Years of Service

Jun. 27, 2017 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend
Boeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend

Jun. 26, 2017 at 5:24 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing HorizonX Invests in Artificial Intelligence Leader SparkCognition
Boeing HorizonX Invests in Artificial Intelligence Leader SparkCognition

Jun. 26, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing to Release Second-Quarter Results on July 26
Boeing to Release Second-Quarter Results on July 26

Jun. 23, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing Displays MAX Momentum at Record Paris Air Show
Boeing Displays MAX Momentum at Record Paris Air Show

Jun. 22, 2017 at 7:08 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing, Ruili Airlines Announce Commitment for 20 737 MAXs
Boeing, Ruili Airlines Announce Commitment for 20 737 MAXs

Jun. 22, 2017 at 5:20 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing, AerCap Announce Order for 15 737 MAX 10s
Boeing, AerCap Announce Order for 15 737 MAX 10s

Jun. 22, 2017 at 3:50 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing, Tassili Airlines Announce Order for Three Next-Generation 737-800s
Boeing, Tassili Airlines Announce Order for Three Next-Generation 737-800s

Jun. 22, 2017 at 3:45 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing Signs Commitment with Unidentified Customer for 125 737 MAX 8 Airplanes
Boeing Signs Commitment with Unidentified Customer for 125 737 MAX 8 Airplanes

Jun. 22, 2017 at 3:29 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Copa Holdings, Boeing Announce Deal For 15 737 MAX 10s
Copa Holdings, Boeing Announce Deal For 15 737 MAX 10s

Jun. 21, 2017 at 5:37 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Boeing, Copa Airlines Announce Selection of 15 737 MAX 10s
Boeing, Copa Airlines Announce Selection of 15 737 MAX 10s

Jun. 21, 2017 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





S&P 500 Buybacks Fall 17.5% Year-over-Year to $133.1 Billion for Q1 2017
S&P 500 Buybacks Fall 17.5% Year-over-Year to $133.1 Billion for Q1 2017

Jun. 21, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Boeing Co.


            
            The Boeing Co. is an aerospace company that manufactures commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. Its products and tailored services include commercial and military aircraft, satellites, weapons, electronic, and defense systems, launch systems, advanced information and communication systems, and performance-based logistics and training. The company is organized into three business units: Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Boeing Defense, Space & Security and Boeing Capital. The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Its Defense, Space & Security business comprises three segments: Boeing Military Aircraft, Network & Space Systems and Global Services & Support. The Boeing Military Aircraft segment is engaged in the research, development, production and modification of manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems for global strike, including fighter and combat rotorcraft aircraft and missile systems; global mobility, including tanker, rotorcraft and tilt-rotor aircraft; and airborne surveillance and reconnaissance, including command and control, battle management and airborne anti-submarine aircraft. The Network & Space Systems segment is engaged in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: electronics and information systems, including command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, cyber and information solutions, and intelligence systems; strategic missile and defense systems; space and intelligence systems, including satellites and commercial satellite launch vehicles; and space exploration. The Global Services & Support segment provides customers with mission readiness through total support solutions. Its global services business sustains aircraft and systems with a full spectrum of products and services through integrated logistics, including supply chain management and engineering support; maintenance, modification and upgrades for aircraft; and training systems and government services, including pilot and maintenance training. The Boeing Capital segment seeks to ensure that Boeing customers have the financing they need to buy and take delivery of their Boeing product and manages overall financing exposure. The company was founded by William Edward Boeing on July 15, 1916 and is headquartered in Chicago, IL.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 25
Full Ratings 





These Non-Tech Companies Are Investing In An AI Future


Jul. 20, 2017 at 3:20 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For July 19, 2017


Jul. 19, 2017 at 9:26 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Can The Return Of Google Glass Fight Off Job Automation? Gene Munster Says Not For Long


Jul. 18, 2017 at 3:35 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Lockheed Martin Corp.
-0.19%
$83.26B


General Dynamics Corp.
1.06%
$61.71B


General Electric Co.
-2.92%
$225.64B


Honeywell International Inc.
1.04%
$103.94B


Northrop Grumman Corp.
0.20%
$46.31B




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





DVAX

0.52%








AMX

1.10%








TRP

0.25%








RGEN

0.66%








TUP

-0.07%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:53 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:53 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:53 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































Boeing: The Boeing Company 























Boeing









+share














Flying virtually soloAviation avatars the wave of the future?

1/5Learn More 








Norwegian Celebrates Delivery of Airline's First Two 737 MAX 8
2/5Learn More 








Women Make us Better
3/5Watch Video 








Introducing the 737 MAX 10
4/5Learn More 








787-10 Dreamliner and 737 MAX 9 Fly the Sky Together
5/5Watch the Video 












Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.




















Boeing: The Boeing Company 























Boeing









+share














Flying virtually soloAviation avatars the wave of the future?

1/5Learn More 








Norwegian Celebrates Delivery of Airline's First Two 737 MAX 8
2/5Learn More 








Women Make us Better
3/5Watch Video 








Introducing the 737 MAX 10
4/5Learn More 








787-10 Dreamliner and 737 MAX 9 Fly the Sky Together
5/5Watch the Video 












Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















The Boeing Company (@Boeing) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      The Boeing CompanyVerified account



@Boeing












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
4,448
            



Following
Following
230



Followers
Followers
385K



Likes
Likes
632

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @Boeing

Mute @Boeing



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















The Boeing CompanyVerified account



@Boeing


Boeing has a tradition of aerospace leadership and innovation, and is committed to investing in the communities where our people work and live worldwide.



            Chicago, IL

      



 
    boeing.com
  




Joined March 2009



    Born on July 15









                
                552 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @Boeing
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @Boeing
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            The Boeing Company followed
        






















The Boeing Company Retweeted
            







Boeing Defense‏Verified account @BoeingDefense

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







"The Eagle has landed." 
July 20, 1969, 4 days after launch, the crew of #Apollo 11 landed on the Moon. 
48 years ago #OTD
#OneGiantLeappic.twitter.com/hb7t0vIbXj



















28 replies




732 retweets




1,172 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










The Boeing Company Retweeted
            







Gov. Greg Abbott‏Verified account @GovAbbott

Jul 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Toured the @Boeing  facility in San Antonio today where 40% of the facility’s employees are military veterans http://bit.ly/2tbmNAm 





28 replies




82 retweets




286 likes








Reply


28







Retweet


82




Retweeted


82








Like


286





Liked


286










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







#Boeing is proud work with more than 600 businesses in Texas to create jobs and economic opportunity. #BoeingGlobalServicespic.twitter.com/D8sEJdKOKG



















10 replies




32 retweets




120 likes








Reply


10







Retweet


32




Retweeted


32








Like


120





Liked


120










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Boeing Global Services is officially open for business in Plano, Texas!pic.twitter.com/n7w4GjUClG
















5 replies




65 retweets




191 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


65




Retweeted


65








Like


191





Liked


191










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










The Boeing Company Retweeted
            







Boeing Defense‏Verified account @BoeingDefense

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Wow! #C17 pass in the famous Mach Loop by @315AW. Amazing video by @h18pdwphotos. FULL VIDEO > https://youtu.be/nmK5roc3HwY  #machloop #UKpic.twitter.com/TBlt7BwpKT



















34 replies




410 retweets




829 likes








Reply


34







Retweet


410




Retweeted


410








Like


829





Liked


829










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







RELEASE: #Boeing reports second-quarter deliveries: http://bit.ly/2tQAqEO 





2 replies




22 retweets




32 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


22




Retweeted


22








Like


32





Liked


32










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










The Boeing Company Retweeted
            







Warrior Games‏ @warriorgames

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Show your support for your favorite team & make your own cheer sign at the @Boeing booth by Gate 0 at @SoldierField! #WarriorGamespic.twitter.com/IkdQnkI262
















4 replies




15 retweets




42 likes








Reply


4







Retweet


15




Retweeted


15








Like


42





Liked


42










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Medal of Honor recipient & #Boeing Director of Veterans Outreach Flo Groberg joins a young fan at Boeing #WarriorGames tent @SoldierFieldpic.twitter.com/j6OUbB7QB6
















1 reply




15 retweets




96 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


15




Retweeted


15








Like


96





Liked


96










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 4






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Today, we'd like to say more than thank you to every service member who has made this day of celebration possible. #VeteransMakeUsBetterpic.twitter.com/E02FRWKKvg



















3 replies




68 retweets




184 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


68




Retweeted


68








Like


184





Liked


184










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 2






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Boeing Super Hornet flyover at #WarriorGames opening ceremonies. #Boeing is proud to sponsor such an inspirational event.pic.twitter.com/FgbnhbME0f























14 replies




39 retweets




157 likes








Reply


14







Retweet


39




Retweeted


39








Like


157





Liked


157










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










The Boeing Company Retweeted
            







Warrior Games‏ @warriorgames

Jul 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Looking for something fun to do this weekend? Come out to the #WarriorGames. Full schedule of events here: http://bit.ly/2on8B1A pic.twitter.com/OcpwVONKp0














The Boeing Company and
    Fisher House






2 replies




30 retweets




50 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


30




Retweeted


30








Like


50





Liked


50










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










The Boeing Company Retweeted
            







Warrior Games‏ @warriorgames

Jul 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Ladies and gentlemen, the 2017 #WarriorGames have begun!pic.twitter.com/dhnjPMhlUK
















3 replies




39 retweets




106 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


39




Retweeted


39








Like


106





Liked


106










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Boeing donates $1 million to six nonprofit organizations at the 2017 @DeptofDefense #WarriorGames http://bit.ly/2twRTSp  #BoeingInspirespic.twitter.com/VcWZ124PIZ
















5 replies




31 retweets




85 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


31




Retweeted


31








Like


85





Liked


85










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







It's more than a race. It's a journey. Find your way to the 2017 @WarriorGames: Chicago, 6/30-7/8 http://bit.ly/2tw2o8w  #WarriorGamespic.twitter.com/lN4ddQlPaq
















9 replies




23 retweets




51 likes








Reply


9







Retweet


23




Retweeted


23








Like


51





Liked


51










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jul 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







It’s #Boeing. It’s Global. It’s Services. It’s here. #BoeingGlobalServices http://bit.ly/2tcjtBQ pic.twitter.com/aw1aV7RnV0



















5 replies




63 retweets




172 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


63




Retweeted


63








Like


172





Liked


172










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







300 locations. 70 countries. 40 states. 22,000 employees. Learn more about #BoeingGlobalServices: http://bit.ly/2sZXwHw pic.twitter.com/kaArtc6fDj
















5 replies




70 retweets




166 likes








Reply


5







Retweet


70




Retweeted


70








Like


166





Liked


166










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






The Boeing Company Retweeted Vice President Pence

CEO Dennis Muilenburg and #Boeing proud to continue to lead in space, supporting standup of National Space Councilhttps://twitter.com/VP/status/880866576886530048 …

The Boeing Company added,

















Vice President PenceVerified account @VP

Today, @POTUS Donald Trump will take one more step to ensure that America leads again in the final frontier of space. pic.twitter.com/yJltTZajNu









6 replies




33 retweets




89 likes








Reply


6







Retweet


33




Retweeted


33








Like


89





Liked


89










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#BoeingGlobalServices does it all. From supply chain management to flight operations, to pilot training. Anytime. Anywhere.pic.twitter.com/2IAxNabnm4
















3 replies




45 retweets




124 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


45




Retweeted


45








Like


124





Liked


124










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







RELEASE: #Boeing Global Services begins operations: http://bit.ly/2su6HfS 





2 replies




29 retweets




86 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


29




Retweeted


29








Like


86





Liked


86










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













The Boeing Company‏Verified account @Boeing

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Their spirit is never broken. #Boeing is proud to sponsor the 2017 @WarriorGames: Chicago, 6/30-7/8 http://bit.ly/2stYpES  #WarriorGamespic.twitter.com/Nz5z83WOaT
















7 replies




45 retweets




167 likes








Reply


7







Retweet


45




Retweeted


45








Like


167





Liked


167










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @Boeing hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Boeing - Wikipedia





















 






Boeing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with The Boring Company.

The Boeing Company





Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: BA
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





Industry



Aerospace
Defense





Founded
July 15, 1916; 101 years ago (1916-07-15) (as Pacific Aero Products Co.)
Seattle, Washington, U.S.[1]


Founder
William Boeing


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.[2]



Area served

Worldwide[1](p1)



Key people

Dennis Muilenburg
(Chairman, President & CEO)
Raymond Conner
(Vice Chairman)


Products



737, 747, 767, 777, 787,
F/A-18E/F Super Hornet,
CH-47 Chinook,
702 satellite family






Production output




748 commercial aircraft (2016)[3]
180 military aircraft (2016)[3]
5 satellites (2016)[3]





Services



Leasing
Support solutions[1](pp35–36)





Revenue
 US$94.571 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$5.834 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$4.895 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$89.997 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$877 million (2016)[2]



Number of employees

147,683 (Feb 23, 2017)[4]


Divisions
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Capital
Engineering, Operations & Technology
Boeing Shared Services Group[1]


Subsidiaries



Aviall Services
Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital Corporation
Boeing Commercial Space Company
Boeing Defence UK
Jeppesen





Website
boeing.com


The Boeing Company (/ˈboʊ.ɪŋ/) is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, and satellites worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aircraft manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2015 revenue,[5] and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value.[6][7] Boeing stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
The Boeing Company's corporate headquarters are located in Chicago and the company is led by President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg.[8][9][10][11] Boeing is organized into five primary divisions: Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA); Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS); Engineering, Operations & Technology; Boeing Capital; and Boeing Shared Services Group. In 2016, Boeing recorded $94.6 billion in sales, ranked 24th on the Fortune magazine "Fortune 500" list (2017),[12] ranked 61st on the "Fortune Global 500" list (2017), and ranked 30th on the "World's Most Admired Companies" list (2017).[13]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Before 1930
1.2 1930s and 1940s
1.3 1950s
1.4 1960s
1.5 1970s
1.6 1980s
1.7 1990s
1.8 2000–2009

1.8.1 Unethical conduct
1.8.2 Industrial espionage


1.9 1992 EU-US Agreement notes

1.9.1 Subsidy disputes


1.10 Future concepts
1.11 2010–present


2 Environment

2.1 Environmental record
2.2 Jet biofuels
2.3 Electric propulsion


3 Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy
4 Divisions
5 Employment numbers
6 Corporate governance

6.1 Board of directors
6.2 Chief executive officer
6.3 Chairman of the board
6.4 President


7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]
Before 1930[edit]




Replica of Boeing's first plane, the Boeing Model 1, at the Museum of Flight






William E. Boeing in 1929


In March 1910, William E. Boeing bought Heath's shipyard in Seattle on the Duwamish River, which later became his first airplane factory.[14] Boeing was incorporated in Seattle by William Boeing, on July 15, 1916, as "Pacific Aero Products Co". Boeing was later incorporated in Delaware, the original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on July 19, 1934. Boeing, who studied at Yale University, worked initially in the timber industry, where he became wealthy and learned about wooden structures. This knowledge proved invaluable in his subsequent design and assembly of airplanes. The company stayed in Seattle to take advantage of the local supply of spruce wood.[15]
William Boeing founded his company a few months after the June 15 maiden flight of one of the two "B&W" seaplanes built with the assistance of George Conrad Westervelt, a U.S. Navy engineer. Boeing and Westervelt decided to build the B&W seaplane after having flown in a Curtiss aircraft. Boeing bought a Glenn Martin "Flying Birdcage" seaplane (so called because of all the guy-wires holding it together) and was taught to fly by Glenn Martin himself. Boeing soon crashed the Birdcage and when Martin informed Boeing that replacement parts would not become available for months, Boeing realized he could build his own plane in that amount of time. He and his friend Cdr. G.C. Westervelt agreed to build a better airplane and soon produced the B&W Seaplane.[16] This first Boeing airplane was assembled in a lakeside hangar located on the northeast shore of Seattle's Lake Union. Many of Boeing's early planes were seaplanes.
On April 6, 1917, the U.S. declared War on Germany and later in the year entered World War I. On May 9, 1917, the company became the "Boeing Airplane Company".[17] With the U.S. entering the war, Boeing knew that the U.S. Navy needed seaplanes for training. So Boeing shipped two new Model Cs to Pensacola, Florida, where the planes were flown for the Navy. The Navy liked the Model C and ordered 50 more.[18] The company moved its operations to a larger former shipbuilding facility known as Boeing Plant 1, located on the lower Duwamish River, Washington state.




Boeing's original logo


When World War I ended in 1918, a large surplus of cheap, used military planes flooded the commercial airplane market, preventing aircraft companies from selling any new airplanes, driving many out of business. Others, including Boeing, started selling other products. Boeing built dressers, counters, and furniture, along with flat-bottom boats called Sea Sleds.[18]
In 1919 the Boeing B-1, flying boat made its first flight. It accommodated one pilot and two passengers and some mail. Over the course of eight years, it made international airmail flights from Seattle to Victoria, British Columbia.[19] On May 24, 1920, the Boeing Model 8 made its first flight. It was the first plane to fly over Mount Rainier.[20]
In 1923, Boeing entered competition against Curtiss to develop a pursuit fighter for the U.S. Army Air Service. Although Curtiss finished its design first and was awarded the contract, Boeing continued to develop its PW-9 fighter. That plane, along with the Boeing P-12/ F4B fighter,[21] made Boeing a leading manufacturer of fighters over the course of the next decade.
In 1925, Boeing built its Model 40 mail plane for the U.S. government to use on airmail routes. In 1927, an improved version of this plane was built, the Model 40A which won the U.S. Post Office's contract to deliver mail between San Francisco and Chicago. The 40A also had a passenger cabin that accommodated two.[22]
That same year, Boeing created an airline named Boeing Air Transport, which merged a year later with Pacific Air Transport and the Boeing Airplane Company. The first airmail flight for the airline was on July 1, 1927.[22] The company changed its name to United Aircraft and Transport Corporation in 1929 and acquired Pratt & Whitney, Hamilton Standard Propeller Company, and Chance Vought. United Aircraft then purchased National Air Transport in 1930.
On July 27, 1928, the 12-passenger Boeing 80 biplane made its first flight. With three engines, it was Boeing's first plane built with the sole intention of being a passenger transport. An upgraded version, the 80A, carrying eighteen passengers, made its first flight in September 1929.[22]
1930s and 1940s[edit]
In 1930, the Monomail, a low-wing monoplane that carried mail, was built. Built entirely out of metal, it was very fast and aerodynamic, and had retractable landing gear. In fact, its design was so revolutionary that the engines and propellers of the time could not handle the plane. By the time controllable pitch propellers were developed, Boeing was building its Model 247 airliner. Two Monomails were built. The second one, the Model 221, had a 6-passenger cabin.[23][24]
In 1933 the Boeing 247 was introduced, the first truly modern airliner. The 247 was an all-metal low-wing monoplane that was much faster, safer, and easier to fly than other passenger aircraft. For example, it was the first twin engine passenger aircraft that could fly on one engine. In an era of unreliable engines, this vastly improved flight safety. Boeing built the first sixty aircraft exclusively for its own United Airlines subsidiary's operations. This badly hurt competing airlines, and was typical of the anti-competitive corporate behavior that the U.S. government sought to prohibit at the time.
The Air Mail Act of 1934 prohibited airlines and manufacturers from being under the same corporate umbrella, so the company split into three smaller companies – Boeing Airplane Company, United Airlines, and United Aircraft Corporation, the precursor to United Technologies. As a result, William Boeing sold off his shares and left Boeing. Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt, who had become Boeing's president in 1933, became the chairman as well. He believed the company's future was in building bigger planes.[25][26] Work began in 1936 on Boeing Plant 2 to accommodate the production of larger modern aircraft.




Boeing B-29 assembly line in Wichita, Kansas, 1944






Boeing 377 Stratocruiser


Shortly after, an agreement with Pan American World Airways (Pan Am) was reached, to develop and build a commercial flying boat able to carry passengers on transoceanic routes. The first flight of the Boeing 314 Clipper was in June 1938. It was the largest civil aircraft of its time, with a capacity of 90 passengers on day flights, and of 40 passengers on night flights. One year later, the first regular passenger service from the U.S. to the UK was inaugurated. Subsequently, other routes were opened, so that soon Pan Am flew with the Boeing 314 to destinations all over the world.
In 1938, Boeing completed work on its Model 307 Stratoliner. This was the world's first pressurized-cabin transport aircraft, and it was capable of cruising at an altitude of 20,000 feet (6,100 m) – above most weather disturbances. It was based on the B-17, using the same wings, tail and engines.
During World War II, Boeing built a large number of B-17 and B-29 bombers. Boeing ranked twelfth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts.[27] Many of the workers were women whose husbands had gone to war. In the beginning of March 1944, production had been scaled up in such a manner that over 350 planes were built each month. To prevent an attack from the air, the manufacturing plants had been covered with greenery and farmland items. During these years of war the leading aircraft companies of the U.S. cooperated. The Boeing-designed B-17 bomber was assembled also by Lockheed Aircraft Corp. and Douglas Aircraft Co., while the B-29 was assembled also by Bell Aircraft Co. and by Glenn L. Martin Company.[28]
After the war, most orders of bombers were canceled and 70,000 people lost their jobs at Boeing.[citation needed] The company aimed to recover quickly by selling its Stratocruiser (the Model 377), a luxurious four-engine commercial airliner developed from the B-29. However, sales of this model were not as expected and Boeing had to seek other opportunities to overcome the situation.[citation needed] The company successfully sold military derivatives of the Stratocruiser, such as the C-97 adapted for troop transportation and the KC-97 for aerial refueling.[citation needed]
1950s[edit]




The Boeing 707 in British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) livery, 1964


Boeing developed military jets such as the B-47 Stratojet[29] and B-52 Stratofortress bombers in the late-1940s and into the 1950s. During the early 1950s, Boeing used company funds to develop the 367–80 jet airliner demonstrator that led to the KC-135 Stratotanker and Boeing 707 jetliner. Some of these were built at Boeing's facilities in Wichita, Kansas, which existed from 1931 to 2014.
In the mid-1950s technology had advanced significantly, which gave Boeing the opportunity to develop and manufacture new products. One of the first was the guided short-range missile used to intercept enemy aircraft. By that time the Cold War had become a fact of life, and Boeing used its short-range missile technology to develop and build an intercontinental missile.
In 1958, Boeing began delivery of its 707, the United States' first commercial jet airliner, in response to the British De Havilland Comet, French Sud Aviation Caravelle and Soviet Tupolev Tu-104, which were the world's first generation of commercial jet aircraft. With the 707, a four-engine, 156-passenger airliner, the U.S. became a leader in commercial jet manufacture. A few years later, Boeing added a second version of this aircraft, the Boeing 720, which was slightly faster and had a shorter range.
Boeing was a major producer of small turbine engines during the 1950s and 1960s. The engines represented one of the company's major efforts to expand its product base beyond military aircraft after World War II. Development on the gasoline turbine engine started in 1943 and Boeing's gas turbines were designated models 502, 520, 540, 551 and 553. Boeing built 2,461 engines before production ceased in April 1968. Many applications of the Boeing gas turbine engines were considered to be firsts, including the first turbine-powered helicopter and boat.[30]
1960s[edit]




The 707 and 747 formed the backbone of many major airline fleets through the end of the 1970s, including United (747 shown) and Pan Am (707 shown)






Lufthansa Boeing 727






A Boeing 737, the best-selling aircraft


Vertol Aircraft Corporation was acquired by Boeing in 1960,[31] and was reorganized as Boeing's Vertol division. The twin-rotor CH-47 Chinook, produced by Vertol, took its first flight in 1961. This heavy-lift helicopter remains a work-horse vehicle up to the present day. In 1964, Vertol also began production of the CH-46 Sea Knight.
In December 1960, Boeing announced the model 727 jetliner, which went into commercial service about three years later. Different passenger, freight and convertible freighter variants were developed for the 727. The 727 was the first commercial jetliner to reach 1,000 sales.[32]
Boeing won a contract in 1961 to manufacture the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket, manufactured at the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans, Louisiana.
In 1966, Boeing president William M. Allen asked Malcolm T. Stamper to spearhead production of the new 747 airliner on which the company's future was riding. This was a monumental engineering and management challenge, and included construction of the world's biggest factory in which to build the 747 at Everett, Washington, a plant which is the size of 40 football fields.[33]
In 1967, Boeing introduced another short- and medium-range airliner, the twin-engine 737. It has become since then the best-selling commercial jet aircraft in aviation history.[34] Several versions have been developed, mainly to increase seating capacity and range. The 737 remains in production as of April 2017.
The roll-out ceremonies for the first 747-100 took place in 1968, at the massive new factory in Everett, about an hour's drive from Boeing's Seattle home. The aircraft made its first flight a year later. The first commercial flight occurred in 1970. The 747 has an intercontinental range and a larger seating capacity than Boeing's previous aircraft.
Boeing also developed hydrofoils in the 1960s. The screw-driven USS High Point (PCH-1) was an experimental submarine hunter. The patrol hydrofoil USS Tucumcari (PGH-2) was more successful. Only one was built, but it saw service in Vietnam and Europe before running aground in 1972. Its waterjet and fully submersed flying foils were the example for the later Pegasus-class patrol hydrofoils and the Model 929 Jetfoil ferries in the 1980s. The Tucumcari and later boats were produced in Renton. While the Navy hydrofoils were withdrawn from service in the late 1980s, the Boeing Jetfoils are still in service in Asia.
1970s[edit]
In the early 1970s Boeing suffered from the simultaneous decline in Vietnam War military spending, the slowing of the space program as Project Apollo neared completion, the recession of 1969–70,[35]:291 and the company's $2 billion debt as it built the new 747 airliner.[35]:303 Boeing did not receive any orders for more than a year. Its bet for the future, the 747, was delayed in production by three months because of problems with its Pratt & Whitney engines. Another problem was that, in 1971, the U.S. Congress decided to stop funding for the development of the supersonic 2707, Boeing's answer to the British-French Concorde, forcing the company to discontinue the project.[36]
Commercial Airplane Group, by far the largest unit of Boeing, went from 83,700 employees in 1968 to 20,750 in 1971. Each unemployed Boeing employee cost at least one other job, and unemployment rose to 14 percent, the highest in the United States.[citation needed] Housing vacancy rates rose to 16 percent from 1 percent in 1967.[citation needed] U-Haul dealerships ran out of trailers because so many people moved out. A billboard appeared near the airport:[35]:303–304

Will the last person
leaving SEATTLE -
Turn out the lights.[35]:303

In January 1970, the first 747, a four-engine long-range airliner, flew its first commercial flight with Pan American World Airways. The 747 changed the airline industry, providing much larger seating capacity than any other airliner in production. The company has delivered over 1,500 Boeing 747s. The 747 has undergone continuous improvements to keep it technologically up-to-date. Larger versions have also been developed by stretching the upper deck. The newest version of the 747, the 747-8 is in production as of 2016.
Boeing launched three Jetfoil 929-100 hydrofoils that were acquired in 1975 for service in the Hawaiian Islands. When the service ended in 1979 the three hydrofoils were acquired by Far East Hydrofoil for service between Hong Kong and Macau.[37]
During the 1970s, Boeing also developed the US Standard Light Rail Vehicle, which has been used in San Francisco, Boston, and Morgantown, West Virginia.[38]
1980s[edit]




The narrow body Boeing 757 replaced the 727. This example is in Turkmenistan Airlines livery.






The Boeing 767 replaced the Boeing 707. This example is in Qantas livery.


In 1983, the economic situation began to improve. Boeing assembled its 1,000th 737 passenger aircraft. During the following years, commercial aircraft and their military versions became the basic equipment of airlines and air forces. As passenger air traffic increased, competition was harder, mainly from Airbus, a European newcomer in commercial airliner manufacturing. Boeing had to offer new aircraft, and developed the single-aisle 757, the larger, twin-aisle 767, and upgraded versions of the 737. An important project of these years was the Space Shuttle, to which Boeing contributed with its experience in space rockets acquired during the Apollo era. Boeing participated also with other products in the space program, and was the first contractor for the International Space Station program.
During the decade several military projects went into production, including Boeing support of the stealth B-2 bomber. As part of an industry team led by Northrop, Boeing built the outboard portion of the B-2 stealth bomber wing, the aft center fuselage section, landing gear, fuel system and weapons delivery system. At its peak in 1991, the B-2 was the largest military program at Boeing, employing about 10,000 people. The same year, the National Aeronautic Association of the USA awarded the B-2 design team the Collier Trophy for the greatest achievement in aerospace in America. The first B-2 rolled out of the bomber's final assembly facility in Palmdale, California, in November 1988 and it flew for the first time on July 17, 1989.[39]
The Avenger air defense system and a new generation of short-range missiles also went into production. During these years, Boeing was very active in upgrading existing military equipment and developing new ones. Boeing also contributed to wind power development with the experimental MOD-2 Wind Turbines for NASA and the United States Department of Energy, and the MOD-5B for Hawaii.[40]
1990s[edit]




Air France 777-300ER


Boeing was one of seven competing companies that bid for the Advanced Tactical Fighter. Boeing agreed to team with General Dynamics and Lockheed, so that all three companies would participate in the development if one of the three companies designs was selected. The Lockheed design was eventually selected and developed into the F-22 Raptor.[41]
In April 1994, Boeing introduced the most modern commercial jet aircraft at the time, the twin-engine 777, with a seating capacity of approximately 300 to 370 passengers in a typical three-class layout, in between the 767 and the 747. The longest range twin-engined aircraft in the world, the 777 was the first Boeing airliner to feature a "fly-by-wire" system and was conceived partly in response to the inroads being made by the European Airbus into Boeing's traditional market. This aircraft reached an important milestone by being the first airliner to be designed entirely by using computer-aided design (CAD) techniques.[42] The 777 was also the first airplane to be certified for 180 minute ETOPS at entry into service by the FAA.[43] Also in the mid-1990s, the company developed the revamped version of the 737, known as the 737 "Next-Generation", or 737NG. It has since become the fastest-selling version of the 737 in history, and on April 20, 2006 sales passed those of the "Classic 737", with a follow-up order for 79 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
In 1995, Boeing chose to demolish the headquarters complex on East Marginal Way South instead of upgrading it to match new seismic standards. The headquarters were moved to an adjacent building and the facility was demolished in 1996.[44] In 1997, Boeing was headquartered on East Marginal Way South, by King County Airport, in Seattle.[45]
In 1996, Boeing acquired Rockwell's aerospace and defense units. The Rockwell business units became a subsidiary of Boeing, named Boeing North American, Inc. In August 1997, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas in a US$13 billion stock swap under the name The Boeing Company. However this name had actually been Boeing's official name previously adopted on May 21, 1961.[46] Following the merger, the McDonnell Douglas MD-95 was renamed the Boeing 717, and the production of the MD-11 was limited to the freighter version. Boeing introduced a new corporate identity with completion of the merger, incorporating the Boeing logo type and a stylized version of the McDonnell Douglas symbol, which was derived from the Douglas Aircraft logo from the 1970s.
Aerospace analyst Scott Hamilton heavily criticized the CEO and his deputy, Philip M. Condit and Harry Stonecipher, for thinking of their personal benefit first, and with it causing the problems hitting Boeing many years later. Instead of investing the huge cash reserve to build new airplanes, they initiated a program to buy back Boeing stock for more than US$10 billion.[47][importance?]
2000–2009[edit]




International Space Station






Boeing Everett Factory in 2011


In January 2000, Boeing chose to expand its presence in another aerospace field of satellite communications by purchasing Hughes Electronics.[48] Hughes Space and Communications Company, which had pioneered the satellite communications field.
In September 2001, Boeing moved its corporate headquarters from Seattle to Chicago. Chicago, Dallas and Denver – vying to become the new home of the world's largest aerospace concern – all had offered packages of multimillion-dollar tax breaks.[49] Its offices are located in the Fulton River District just outside the Loop, Chicago.[11]
On October 10, 2001, Boeing lost to its rival Lockheed Martin in the fierce competition for the multibillion-dollar Joint Strike Fighter contract. Boeing's entry, the X-32, was rejected in favor of Lockheed's X-35 entrant. Boeing continues to serve as the prime contractor on the International Space Station and has built several of the major components.
Boeing began development of the KC-767 aerial refueling tanker in the early 2000s. Italy and Japan ordered four KC-767s each. After development delays and FAA certification, Boeing delivered the tankers to Japan from 2008[50][51] with the second KC-767 following on March 5.[52] to 2010.[53] Italy received its four KC-767 during 2011.[54][55][56]
In 2004, Boeing ended production of the 757 after 1,050 aircraft were produced. More advanced, stretched versions of the 737 were beginning to compete against the 757, and the planned 787-3 was to fill much of the top end of the 757 market. Also that year, Boeing announced that the 717, the last civil aircraft to be designed by McDonnell Douglas, would cease production in 2006. The 767 was in danger of cancellation as well, with the 787 replacing it, but orders for the freighter version extended the program.
After several decades of success, Boeing lost ground to Airbus and subsequently lost its lead in the airliner market in 2003. Multiple Boeing projects were pursued and then canceled, notably the Sonic Cruiser, a proposed jetliner that would travel just under the speed of sound, cutting intercontinental travel times by as much as 20 percent. It was launched in 2001 along with a new advertising campaign to promote the company's new motto, "Forever New Frontiers", and to rehabilitate its image. However, the plane's fate was sealed by the changes in the commercial aviation market following the September 11 attacks and the subsequent weak economy and increase in fuel prices.
Subsequently, Boeing streamlined its production and turned its attention to a new model, the Boeing 787 Dreamliner, using much of the technology developed for the Sonic Cruiser, but in a more conventional aircraft designed for maximum efficiency. The company also launched new variants of its successful 737 and 777 models. The 787 proved to be a highly popular choice with airlines, and won a record number of pre-launch orders. With delays to Airbus' A380 program several airlines threatened to switch their A380 orders to Boeing's new 747 version, the 747-8.[57] Airbus's response to the 787, the A350, received a lukewarm response at first when it was announced as an improved version of the A330, and then gained significant orders when Airbus promised an entirely new design. The 787 program has encountered delays, with the first flight not occurring until late 2009.[58]
After regulatory approval, Boeing formed a joint venture, United Launch Alliance with its competitor, Lockheed Martin, on December 1, 2006. The new venture is the largest provider of rocket launch services to the U.S. government.[59]
On August 2, 2005, Boeing sold its Rocketdyne rocket engine division to Pratt & Whitney. On May 1, 2006, Boeing agreed to purchase Dallas, Texas-based Aviall, Inc. for $1.7 billion and retain $350 million in debt. Aviall, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. and ILS formed a wholly owned subsidiary of Boeing Commercial Aviation Services (BCAS).[60]
Realizing that increasing numbers of passengers have become reliant on their computers to stay in touch, Boeing introduced Connexion by Boeing, a satellite based Internet connectivity service that promised air travelers unprecedented access to the World Wide Web. The company debuted the product to journalists in 2005, receiving generally favorable reviews. However, facing competition from cheaper options, such as cellular networks, it proved too difficult to sell to most airlines. In August 2006, after a short and unsuccessful search for a buyer for the business, Boeing chose to discontinue the service.[61][62]
On August 18, 2007, NASA selected Boeing as the manufacturing contractor for the liquid-fueled upper stage of the Ares I rocket.[63] The stage, based on both Apollo-Saturn and Space Shuttle technologies, was to be constructed at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility near New Orleans; Boeing constructed the S-IC stage of the Saturn V rocket at this site in the 1960s.




The Boeing 787 Dreamliner on its first flight


Boeing launched the 777 Freighter in May 2005 with an order from Air France. The freighter variant is based on the −200LR. Other customers include FedEx and Emirates. Boeing officially announced in November 2005 that it would produce a larger variant of the 747, the 747-8, in two versions, commencing with the Freighter version with firm orders for two cargo carriers. The second version, named the Intercontinental, is for passenger airlines. Both 747-8 versions feature a lengthened fuselage, new, advanced engines and wings, and the incorporation of other technologies developed for the 787.
Boeing also received the launch contract from the U.S. Navy for the P-8 Poseidon Multimission Maritime Aircraft, an anti-submarine warfare patrol aircraft. It has also received orders for the 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail" aircraft. The company has also introduced new extended range versions of the 737. These include the 737-700ER and 737-900ER. The 737-900ER is the latest and will extend the range of the 737–900 to a similar range as the successful 737–800 with the capability to fly more passengers, due to the addition of two extra emergency exits.




The record-breaking 777-200LR Worldliner, presented at the Paris Air Show 2005.


The 777-200LR Worldliner embarked on a well-received global demonstration tour in the second half of 2005, showing off its capacity to fly farther than any other commercial aircraft. On November 10, 2005, the 777-200LR set a world record for the longest non-stop flight. The plane, which departed from Hong Kong traveling to London, took a longer route, which included flying over the U.S. It flew 11,664 nautical miles (21,601 km) during its 22-hour 42-minute flight. It was flown by Pakistan International Airlines pilots and PIA was the first airline to fly the 777-200LR Worldliner.
On August 11, 2006, Boeing agreed to form a joint-venture with the large Russian titanium producer, VSMPO-Avisma for the machining of titanium forgings. The forgings will be used on the 787 program.[64] On December 27, 2007 Boeing and VSMPO-Avisma created a joint venture, Ural Boeing Manufacturing, and signed a contract on titanium product deliveries until 2015, with Boeing planning to invest $27 billion in Russia over the next 30 years.[65]
In February 2011, Boeing received a contract for 179 KC-46 U.S. Air Force tankers at a value of $35 billion.[66] The KC-46 tankers are based on the KC-767.




Graphic representation of the XM1202 Mounted Combat System vehicle


Boeing jointly with Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), were the prime contractors in the U.S. military's Future Combat Systems program.[67] The FCS program was canceled in June 2009 with all remaining systems swept into the BCT Modernization program.[68] Boeing works jointly with SAIC in the BCT Modernization program like the FCS program but the U.S. Army will play a greater role in creating baseline vehicles and will only contract others for accessories.
Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates' shift in defense spending to, "make tough choices about specific systems and defense priorities based solely on the national interest and then stick to those decisions over time"[69] hit Boeing especially hard, because of their heavy involvement with canceled Air Force projects.[70]
Unethical conduct[edit]
In May 2003, the U.S. Air Force announced it would lease 100 KC-767 tankers to replace the oldest 136 of its KC-135s. In November 2003, responding to critics who argued that the lease was more expensive than an outright purchase, the DoD announced a revised lease of 20 aircraft and purchase of 80. In December 2003, the Pentagon announced the project was to be frozen while an investigation of allegations of corruption by one of its former procurement staffers, Darleen Druyun (who began employment at Boeing in January) was begun. The fallout of this resulted in the resignation of Boeing CEO Philip M. Condit and the termination of CFO Michael M. Sears.[71] Harry Stonecipher, former McDonnell Douglas CEO and Boeing COO, replaced Condit on an interim basis. Druyun pleaded guilty to inflating the price of the contract to favor her future employer and to passing information on the competing Airbus A330 MRTT bid. In October 2004, she received a jail sentence for corruption.[72]
In March 2005, the Boeing board forced President and CEO Harry Stonecipher to resign. Boeing said an internal investigation revealed a "consensual" relationship between Stonecipher and a female executive that was "inconsistent with Boeing's Code of Conduct" and "would impair his ability to lead the company".[73] James A. Bell served as interim CEO (in addition to his normal duties as Boeing's CFO) until the appointment of Jim McNerney as the new Chairman, President, and CEO on June 30, 2005.
Industrial espionage[edit]
In June 2003, Lockheed Martin sued Boeing, alleging that the company had resorted to industrial espionage in 1998 to win the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) competition. Lockheed Martin claimed that the former employee Kenneth Branch, who went to work for McDonnell Douglas and Boeing, passed nearly 30,000 pages of proprietary documents to his new employers. Lockheed Martin argued that these documents allowed Boeing to win 19 of the 28 tendered military satellite launches.[74][75]
In July 2003, Boeing was penalized, with the Pentagon stripping seven launches away from the company and awarding them to Lockheed Martin.[74] Furthermore, the company was forbidden to bid for rocket contracts for a twenty-month period, which expired in March 2005.[75] In early September 2005, it was reported that Boeing was negotiating a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it would pay up to $500 million to cover this and the Darleen Druyun scandal.[76]
1992 EU-US Agreement notes[edit]
Until the late 1970s, the U.S. had a near monopoly in the Large Civil Aircraft (LCA) sector.[77] The Airbus consortium (created in 1969) started competing effectively in the 1980s. At that stage the U.S. became concerned about the European competition and the alleged subsidies paid by the European governments for the developments of the early models of the Airbus family. This became a major issue of contention, as the European side was equally concerned by subsidies accruing to U.S. LCA manufacturers through NASA and Defense programs.
The EU and the U.S. started bilateral negotiations for the limitation of government subsidies to the LCA sector in the late 1980s. Negotiations were concluded in 1992 with the signing of the EC-US Agreement on Trade in Large Civil Aircraft which imposes disciplines on government support on both sides of the Atlantic which are significantly stricter than the relevant World Trade Organization (WTO) rules: Notably, the Agreement regulates in detail the forms and limits of government support, prescribes transparency obligations and commits the parties to avoiding trade disputes.[78]
Subsidy disputes[edit]
In 2004, the EU and the U.S. agreed to discuss a possible revision of the 1992 EU-US Agreement provided that this would cover all forms of subsidies including those used in the U.S., and in particular the subsidies for the Boeing 787; the first new aircraft to be launched by Boeing for 14 years. In October 2004 the U.S. began legal proceedings at the WTO by requesting WTO consultations on European launch investment to Airbus. The U.S. also unilaterally withdrew from the 1992 EU-US Agreement.[79] The U.S. claimed Airbus had violated a 1992 bilateral accord when it received what Boeing deemed "unfair" subsidies from several European governments. Airbus responded by filing a separate complaint, contesting that Boeing had also violated the accord when it received tax breaks from the U.S. Government. Moreover, the EU also complained that the investment subsidies from Japanese airlines violated the accord.
On January 11, 2005, Boeing and Airbus agreed that they would attempt to find a solution to the dispute outside of the WTO. However, in June 2005, Boeing and the United States government reopened the trade dispute with the WTO, claiming that Airbus had received illegal subsidies from European governments. Airbus has also responded to this claim against Boeing, reopening the dispute and also accusing Boeing of receiving subsidies from the U.S. Government.[80]
On September 15, 2010, the WTO ruled that Boeing had received billions of dollars in government subsidies.[81] Boeing responded by stating that the ruling was a fraction of the size of the ruling against Airbus and that it required few changes in its operations.[82] Boeing has received $8.7 billion in support from Washington state.[83]
Future concepts[edit]
In May 2006, four concept designs being examined by Boeing were outlined in The Seattle Times based on corporate internal documents. The research aims in two directions: low-cost airplanes, and environmental-friendly planes. Codenamed after the well-known Muppets, a design team known as the Green Team concentrated primarily on reducing fuel usage. All four designs illustrated rear-engine layouts.[84]

"Fozzie" employs open rotors and offers a lower cruising speed.[84]
"Beaker" has very thin, long wings, with the ability to partially fold-up to facilitate easier taxiing.
"Kermit Kruiser" has forward swept wings over which are positioned its engines, with the aim of lowering noise below due to the reflection of the exhaust signature upward.[84]
"Honeydew" with its delta wing design, resembles a marriage of the flying wing concept and the traditional tube fuselage.[84]

As with most concepts, these designs are only in the exploratory stage, intended to help Boeing evaluate the potentials of such radical technologies.[84]
Boeing recently patented its own force field technology, also known as the shock wave attenuation system, that would protect vehicles from shock waves generated by nearby explosions.[85] Boeing has yet to confirm when they plan to build and test the technology.[86]
2010–present[edit]




Boeing's Wichita plant in 2010. Boeing ended its presence in Kansas in 2012–13.


In 2010, Boeing completed its acquisition of Argon ST Inc. Based in Fairfax, Virginia, Argon ST develops C4ISR (Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance) and combat systems. On June 30, 2010, Boeing announced its intent to acquire Argon ST as part of the company's strategy to expand its capabilities to address the C4ISR, cyber and intelligence markets.[87]
On November 17, 2011, it was reported that Lion Air has committed to ordering 201 Boeing 737 MAX and 29 737-900ER airliners. This order, when finalized, is worth $21.7 billion at list prices. This is larger than any of Boeing's previous commercial aircraft sales. The deal includes options for a further 150 airliners.[88][89]
On January 5, 2012, Boeing announced plans to close its facilities in Wichita, Kansas with 2,160 workers before 2014, more than 80 years after it was established. Boeing had employed as many as 40,000 people there.[90][91][92]
Boeing announced on May 13, 2013 it would cut 1,500 IT jobs in Seattle, Washington over the next three years in combination of layoffs, attrition and relocation. Most of those will be relocated (approximately 600 jobs each) to St. Louis, Missouri, and North Charleston, South Carolina.[93][94]
The company announced a 26 percent increase in profits—US$1.23 billion total—for Q4 2013, citing higher demand for commercial aircraft.[95]
In April 2014, Boeing announced their Long Beach manufacturing facility would shut down by the end of the year. The facility was responsible for building the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III military transport aircraft. The last C-17, #276, left final assembly in 2015. The assembly site officially closed in February 2015, and by April, Boeing had been auctioning factory manufacturing parts off. Some 2,200 jobs are affected.[96]
NASA awarded contracts to Boeing and SpaceX for transporting astronauts to the International Space Station.[97]
In June 2015, Boeing announced that James McNerney would step down as CEO to be replaced by Boeing's COO, Dennis Muilenburg, on July 1, 2015.[8][98][99][100] In February 2016, Boeing announced that Boeing President and CEO Dennis Muilenburg was elected the 10th Chairman of the Board, succeeding James McNerney.[101]
In March 2016 Boeing announced to cut 4,000 jobs from its commercial airplane division by mid-year.[102]
Boeing opened a $1 billion 27 acres (11 hectares) factory in Washington state on May 13, 2016 that will make carbon-composite wings for its 777X, a key step toward delivering the first aircraft by 2020.[103]
Environment[edit]
Environmental record[edit]
In 2006, the UCLA Center for Environmental Risk Reduction released a study showing that Boeing's Santa Susana Field Laboratory, in the Simi Hills of eastern Ventura County in Southern California, had been contaminated with toxic and radioactive waste. The study found that air, soil, groundwater, and surface water at the site all contained radionuclides, toxic metals, and dioxins; air and water additionally contained perchlorate, TCE, and hydrazines, while water showed the presence of PCBs as well.[104] Clean up studies and lawsuits are in progress.[105][106]
Jet biofuels[edit]
Main articles: Aviation biofuel and Algae fuel
The airline industry is responsible for about 11 percent of greenhouse gases emitted by the U.S. transportation sector.[107] Aviation's share of the greenhouse gas emissions is poised to grow, as air travel increases and ground vehicles use more alternative fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.[107] Boeing estimates that biofuels could reduce flight-related greenhouse-gas emissions by 60 to 80 percent.[107] The solution blends algae fuels with existing jet fuel.[107]
Boeing executives said the company is informally collaborating with leading Brazilian biofuels maker Tecbio, Aquaflow Bionomic of New Zealand and other fuel developers around the world. So far, Boeing has tested six fuels from these companies, and will probably have gone through 20 fuels "by the time we're done evaluating them."[107] Boeing was also joining other aviation-related members in the Algal Biomass Organization (ABO) on June 2008.[108]
Air New Zealand and Boeing are researching the jatropha plant to see if it is a sustainable alternative to conventional fuel.[109] A two-hour test flight using a 50–50 mixture of the new biofuel with Jet A-1 in the number one position Rolls Royce RB-211 engine of 747-400 ZK-NBS, was successfully completed on December 30, 2008. The engine was then removed to be scrutinised and studied to identify any differences between the Jatropha blend and regular Jet A1. No effects to performances were found.
On August 31, 2010, Boeing worked with the U.S. Air Force to test the Boeing C-17 running on 50 percent JP-8, 25 percent Hydro-treated Renewable Jet fuel and 25 percent of a Fischer–Tropsch fuel with successful results.[110]
Electric propulsion[edit]
For NASA's N+3 future airliner program, Boeing has determined that hybrid electric engine technology is by far the best choice for its subsonic design. Hybrid electric propulsion has the potential to shorten takeoff distance and reduce noise.[111]
Political contributions, federal contracts, advocacy[edit]
In both 2008 and 2009, Boeing was second on the list of Top 100 US Federal Contractors, with contracts totalling $22 billion and $23 billion respectively.[112][113] Since 1995, the company has agreed to pay $1.6 billion to settle 39 instances of misconduct, including $615 million in 2006 in relation to illegal hiring of government officials and improper use of proprietary information.[114][115]
Boeing is the top receiver of subsidies (dubbed "corporate welfare") in the U.S. based on 2014 data, with a total of $13.18 billion.[116] It also secured the highest ever tax breaks at the state level in 2013.[117]
Boeing's 2010 lobbying expenditure by the third quarter was $13.2 million (2009 total: $16.9 million).[118][119] In the 2008 presidential election, Barack Obama "was by far the biggest recipient of campaign contributions from Boeing employees and executives, hauling in $197,000 – five times as much as John McCain, and more than the top eight Republicans combined."[120]
Boeing has a corporate citizenship program centered on charitable contributions in five areas: education, health, human services, environment, the arts, culture, and civic engagement.[121][better source needed] In 2011, Boeing spent $147.3 million in these areas through charitable grants and business sponsorships.[122] In February 2012, Boeing Global Corporate Citizenship partnered with the Insight Labs to develop a new model for foundations to more effectively lead the sector that they serve.[123][better source needed]
The company is a member of the U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, a Washington D.C.-based coalition of over 400 major companies and NGOs that advocates for a larger International Affairs Budget, which funds American diplomatic and development efforts abroad.[124] A series of U.S. diplomatic cables show how U.S. diplomats and senior politicians intervene on behalf of Boeing to help boost the company's sales.[125]
In 2007 and 2008, the company benefited from over $10 billion of long-term loan guarantees, helping finance the purchase of their commercial aircraft in countries including Brazil, Canada, Ireland and the United Arab Emirates, from the Export-Import Bank of the United States, some 65 percent of the total loan guarantees the bank made in the period.[126]
In December 2011, the non-partisan organization Public Campaign criticized Boeing for spending $52.29 million on lobbying and not paying taxes during 2008–2010, instead getting $178 million in tax rebates, despite making a profit of $9.7 billion, laying off 14,862 workers since 2008, and increasing executive pay by 31 percent to $41.9 million in 2010 for its top five executives.[127]
Divisions[edit]




Boeing plant in Ridley Park, Pennsylvania


The two largest divisions are Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS).[128]

Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)

Phantom Works


Engineering, Test & Technology

Boeing Research & Technology
Boeing Test & Evaluation
Intellectual Property Management
Information Technology
Environment, Health, and Safety[128]


Boeing Shared Services Group

Boeing Realty
Boeing Travel Management Company
Boeing Supplier Management



Employment numbers[edit]
The company's employment count is listed on its website below.




Employment by division
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Group
Employees


Boeing Commercial Airplanes (BCA)
79,828


Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS)
48,804


Corporate
28,289


Finance & Shared Services
7,273


Other
21,016


Total Company
156,921





Employment by location
(July 28, 2016)[129]

Location
Employees


Alabama
2,877


Arizona
3,805


California
14,864


Missouri
14,585


Oklahoma
2,653


Pennsylvania
4,895


South Carolina
8,099


Texas
3,850


Washington
75,686


Other Locations
25,607


Total Company
156,921





Approximately 1.5 percent of Boeing employees are in the Technical Fellowship program, a program through which Boeing's top engineers and scientists set technical direction for the company.[130] The average salary at Boeing is $76,784, reported by former employees.[131]
Corporate governance[edit]



Board of directors[edit]

Dennis Muilenburg – Chairman
Robert A. Bradway
David L. Calhoun
Arthur D. Collins, Jr.
Kenneth M. Duberstein
Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., U.S. Navy (ret)
Lynn J. Good[132]
Lawrence W. Kellner
Edward M. Liddy
Susan C. Schwab
Randall L. Stephenson
Ronald A. Williams
Mike S. Zafirovski

Chief executive officer[edit]


1933–1939
Clairmont "Claire" L. Egtvedt[133]


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1969–1986
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1986–1996
Frank Shrontz[134]


1996–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell (acting)


2005–2015
James McNerney


2015–present
Dennis Muilenburg[135]




Chairman of the board[edit]


1916–1934
William E. Boeing


1934–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt (acting)


1939–1966
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1968–1972
William M. Allen


1972–1987
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1988–1996
Frank Shrontz


1997–2003
Philip M. Condit


2003–2005
Lewis E. Platt


2005–2016
James McNerney


2016–present
Dennis Muilenburg


President[edit]


1922–1925
Edgar N. Gott[136]


1926–1933
Philip G. Johnson


1933–1939
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1939–1944
Philip G. Johnson


1944–1945
Clairmont L. Egtvedt


1945–1968
William M. Allen


1968–1972
Thornton "T" A. Wilson


1972–1985
Malcolm T. Stamper


1985–1996
Frank Shrontz


1996–1997
Philip M. Condit


1997–2005
Harry C. Stonecipher


2005
James A. Bell(acting)


2005–2013
James McNerney


2013–present
Dennis Muilenburg[137]





See also[edit]


Companies portal
Aviation portal
Chicago portal
Seattle portal



Airbus Group
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Renton Factory
Comac
UAC
Competition between Airbus and Boeing
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour – Corporate public museum
United States Air Force Plant 42

References[edit]


^ a b c d "The Boeing Company 2012 Form 10-K Annual Report, p. 6". Retrieved October 1, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f News Release Boeing Reports Fourth-Quarter Results and Provides 2017 Guidance
^ a b c [1]. Yahoo, 2017
^ "Employment Data". Boeing
^ "Top 100 for 2016" (based on 2015 data). Defense News.
^ "Boeing says it's flying high despite recession". USA Today, March 27, 2009.
^ "About". Boeing.com, July 2014.
^ a b "Boeing". 
^ Jon Ostrower (June 24, 2015). "Boeing Names Muilenburg CEO, Succeeding McNerney". WSJ. 
^ Rosenfeld, Everett (June 23, 2015). "Boeing replaces CEO McNerney with Muilenburg". 
^ a b "Contact Us." Boeing. Retrieved on May 12, 2009.
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing". Fortune. Retrieved 2017-06-30. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing.com. Archived from the original on October 17, 2014. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Howe, Sam (October 2, 2010). "The tale of Boeing's high-risk flight into the jet age". The Seattle Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Boeing History Narrative – Beginnings – Biplanes by the Sea Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 4, 2010.
^ "Biography of William E. Boeing" (PDF). Boeing. 
^ a b "Boeing History: Beginnings – World War I". Boeing. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Boeing History – Products – Boeing B-1 Seaplane, Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-- Beginnings...Growing Pains". Retrieved November 5, 2010. 
^ Boeing P-12/ F4B Fighter Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine., Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ a b c Boeing History—Beginnings... Mail and Boa abroad Archived November 20, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved November 5, 2010.
^ "Boeing History-Early Years...Metal Monomail". Boeing. August 5, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History-Products- Monomail". Boeing. May 6, 1930. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing History". Boeing. 
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 291–3, 36–7, 332, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Herman, Arthur. Freedom's Forge: How American Business Produced Victory in World War II, pp. 118, 297–8, Random House, New York, NY. ISBN 978-1-4000-6964-4.
^ Mark Natola, ed. (2002). Boeing B-47 Stratojet. Schiffer Publishing Ltd. pp. 17–25. ISBN 0764316702. 
^ Boeing History: Model 502 Gas Turbine Engine. Archived June 22, 2011, at the Wayback Machine. Retrieved June 13, 2011.
^ "Boeing History 1957–1970". Boeing. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Historical Snapshot". Boeing. Boeing. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ Boyer, Tom (June 17, 2005). "Boeing legend Malcolm Stamper dies". The Seattle Times. 
^ Wyse, Beverley. "Vice President and General Manager, Next-Generation 737 Program". Boeing. Retrieved September 28, 2016. 
^ a b c d Heppenheimer, T.A. (1998). The Space Shuttle Decision. NASA. 
^ "Supersonic Transport". Boeing. Retrieved July 9, 2017. 
^ "Classic Fast Ferries" (PDF). Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "Please Help Us Preserve Boeing-Vertol Standard Light Rail Vehicle No. 3424 from Boston" (PDF). Seashore Trolley Museum. Seashore Trolley Museum. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "History – Products – B-2 Spirit". Boeing. Retrieved August 14, 2010. 
^ "MOD-2/MOD-5B Wind Turbines". Boeing. Retrieved June 30, 2009. 
^ Miller, Jay. Lockheed Martin F/A-22 Raptor, Stealth Fighter. Aerofax, 2005. ISBN 1-85780-158-X.
^ Norris, Guy and Mark Wagner. Boeing 777: The Technological Marvel. Minneapolis, Minnesota: Zenith Imprint, 2001. ISBN 0-7603-0890-X.
^ Pandey, Mohan (2010). How Boeing Defied the Airbus Challenge. Createspace. p. 86. ISBN 978-1-4505-0113-2. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Boeing to Raze Company Headquarters Building; Will Relocate to Adjacent Building" August 4, 1995.
^ "Revises meeting arrangements and map for the Executive committee Meeting" (PDF). Gas Industry Standards Board. April 30, 1999. Retrieved May 13, 2009. 
^ "The Boeing Log Book", various volumes, published by Boeing Historical Archives.
^ MISSMANAGEMENT [sic]: Himmel, hilf!, DIE ZEIT, September 20, 2011 (de). Means: mismanagement, heaven help!
^ "$3.75 Billion Boeing-Hughes Satellite Deal Expected". The New York Times. January 13, 2000. 
^ Pae, Peter (May 10, 2001). "Boeing Expected to Reveal New Home". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved February 9, 2009. 
^ "Boeing Delivers First KC-767 Tanker to Japan" Archived March 5, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.. Boeing, February 19, 2008.
^ Capaccio, Tony, and Toko Sekiguchi, "Boeing Delay On Italy, Japan Tankers May Harm Bid For U.S. Work". Bloomberg, August 12, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 2nd KC-767 Tanker to Japan". Boeing, March 5, 2008.
^ "Boeing Delivers 4th KC-767 Tanker to Japan Ministry of Defense". Boeing, January 12, 2010.
^ Kington, Tom. "Italian Air Force Receives 1st Tanker From Boeing". Defense News, January 27, 2011.
^ Kington, Tom."Italy Enters First 2 Boeing Tankers Into Service". Defense News, May 17, 2011.
^ [2]. Boeing
^ Robertson, David (October 4, 2006). "Airbus will lose €4.8bn because of A380 delays". The Times. London. 
^ "Boeing 787 first flight announced". BBC News Online, August 27, 2009.
^ "Boeing and Lockheed Martin Complete United Launch Alliance Transaction (news release)". The Boeing Company. December 1, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Concludes Purchase of Aviall, Inc". 
^ "Boeing exits in-flight broadband". BBC News Online. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ "Boeing to Discontinue Connexion by Boeing Service (news release)". The Boeing Company. August 17, 2006. Retrieved January 28, 2007. 
^ Davis, Daniel. "NASA Ares I Crew Launch Vehicle Upper Stage Overview" (PDF). National Aeronautic and Space Administration. Retrieved September 23, 2016. 
^ "Boeing and VSMPO-AVISMA Announce Titanium Agreement", Boeing, August 11, 2006.
^ (in Russian) Корпорация ВСМПО-АВИСМА
^ Donna Cassata, Lolita C. Baldor (February 24, 2011). "Boeing gets $35 billion Air Force tanker order". Associated Press. Retrieved February 26, 2011. 
^ Klein, Alec (December 7, 2007). "The Army's $200 billion Makeover". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 26, 2010. 
^ "Future Combat System (FCS) Program to Army Brigade Combat Team Modernization". U.S. DoD, June 23, 2009.
^ Drew, Christopher (April 6, 2009). "Military Budget Reflects a Shift in U.S. Strategy". The New York Times. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Pentagon budget cuts slam Boeing, raise stakes on tanker win". Blog.seattlepi.com. April 8, 2009. Retrieved June 7, 2011. 
^ "Ex-Boeing CFO Pleads Guilty in Druyun Case", The Washington Post, November 16, 2004.
^ Ex-Air Force Official Gets Prison Time. The Washington Post. Retrieved on August 16, 2013.
^ "Boeing CEO Stonecipher Resigns press release". Comspacewatch.com. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ a b Fleischauer, Eric (January 23, 2005). "Anatomy of a corporate espionage scandal". The Decatur Daily. Decatur, Alabama. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ a b Bowermaster, David (January 9, 2005). "Boeing probe intensifies over secret Lockheed papers". The Seattle Times. Seattle. Retrieved March 31, 2013. 
^ "Boeing, DOJ may reach settlement". St. Louis Business Journal. Bizjournals.com. September 9, 2005. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Newquist, Don E. "Global Competitiveness of U.S. Advanced-Technology Manufacturing Industries: Large Civil Aircraft" (PDF). U.S. International Trade Commission. Retrieved January 16, 2013. 
^ "Top margin 1" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "EU resumes WTO case against Boeing" (PDF). European Trade Commission, Commissioner Mandelson. May 31, 2005. Archived from the original (PDF) on February 16, 2008. Retrieved October 26, 2015. 
^ "Industrial Subsidies and the Politics of World Trade: The Case of the Boeing 7e7" (PDF). Canada-United States Trade Center. p. 17. Retrieved July 1, 2011. 
^ "Illinois tax breaks in WTO ruling against Boeing". Chicagobreakingbusiness.com. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Response to Public Reports Regarding the WTO's Interim Decision in DS 353" (Press release). Boeing. September 15, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Jerry Hirsch (June 2, 2015). "Elon Musk: 'If I cared about subsidies, I would have entered the oil and gas industry'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved October 29, 2015. 
^ a b c d e Dominic Gates (May 18, 2006). "Clean engines, wings that fold: Boeing dreams of futuristic jets". The Seattle Times. 
^ Hernandez, Vittorio (March 31, 2015). "Boeing Gets Patent For Force Field Technology That Protects Vehicles From Nearby Blasts". International Business Times. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ Naik Desai, Alap (March 30, 2015). "Boeing’s Plasma ‘Force Field’ Aims To Shield Vehicles Against Shock Waves From Blasts – Won’t Stop Bullets Though". The Inquistr. Retrieved March 31, 2015. 
^ "Boeing: Boeing Successfully Completes Acquisition of Argon ST" (Press release). Boeing. August 5, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Ostrower, Jon (November 17, 2011). "Lion Air commits to up to 380 Boeing 737s". Flight International. 
^ "Indonesia's Lion Air to Buy 230 New Boeing 737s in $21.7b Deal". Jakarta Globe. November 17, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Betrayal Stirs Wichita After City Helped Win Tanker Bid, Mayor Says". Bloomberg. January 5, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2012. 
^ Peterson, Kyle (January 4, 2012). "Boeing to close Wichita plant, cites defense cuts". Reuters. Retrieved February 3, 2012. 
^ "Final Air Force plane maintained at Boeing facility leaves Wichita". kansas. 
^ "Boeing to shed 1,500 IT jobs here over next three years". The Seattle Times. May 10, 2013. Retrieved May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing's shift to St. Louis reflects broader shifts in local economy". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. May 13, 2013. 
^ "Boeing Profit Jumps 26 Pct as Commercial Aircraft Sale Rises". The Associated Press. Retrieved January 29, 2014. 
^ "Boeing C-17 Production to End This Summer in Long Beach". NBC Southern California. 
^ "NASA picks Boeing and SpaceX to bring manned space travel back to the US - ExtremeTech". 
^ "Boeing names new chief executive". Daily Telegraph. June 23, 2015. Retrieved June 24, 2015. 
^ Benjamin Zhang (June 23, 2015). "Boeing has a new CEO who once intern for the company". Business Insider. 
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. June 23, 2015. 
^ "Muilenburg Elected Chairman of Boeing Board of Directors" (Press release). Boeing. February 22, 2016. Retrieved February 25, 2016. 
^ Alwyn Scott (March 30, 2016). "Boeing plans to cut up to 8,000 airplane jobs: sources". 
^ "Boeing Opens $1 Billion Factory to Make Wings for New 777X Jetliner". May 20, 2016. 
^ "Center for Environmental Risk Reduction, UCLA". Ph.ucla.edu. February 2, 2006. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "SSFL". Acmela.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "State DTSC-SSFL info website". Dtsc-ssfl.com. Retrieved October 28, 2011. 
^ a b c d e Ángel González (August 30, 2007). "To go green in jet fuel, Boeing looks at algae". The Seattle Times. Retrieved January 27, 2009. 
^ First Airlines and UOP Join Algal Biomass Organization, Green Car Congress, June 19, 2008.
^ Air NZ sees biofuel salvation in jatropha. Archived July 23, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "C-17 uses biofuel for flight tests". Edwards.af.mil. August 31, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Boeing Feature Story: Envisioning tomorrow's aircraft". Boeing. August 16, 2010. Archived from the original on September 6, 2013. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2009". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Top 100 Contractors Report – Fiscal Year 2008". fpds.gov. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ "Contractor Case – Boeing Company". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Federal Contractor Misconduct Database". Project on Government Oversight. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ The 8 Biggest Corporate Welfare Recipients in America, cheatsheet.com, May 7, 2015
^ "Biggest Tax Break In U.S. History May Not Be Enough For Boeing". Huffington Post. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Boeing Co Lobbying Expenditure". Center for Responsive Politics. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Lobbying Disclosure Act Database". United States Senate. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Carney, Timothy (April 24, 2011) Boeing lives by big government, dies by big government, Washington Examiner
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Boeing. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Boeing Corporate Citizenship Report 2011". Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "Blessed are the Grantmakers". Insight Labs. February 3, 2012. Archived from the original on April 12, 2013. Retrieved September 19, 2012. 
^ "U.S. Global Leadership Coalition, Global Trust members". Usglc.org. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ Lipton, Eric; Clark, Nicola; Lehren, Andrew W. (January 2, 2011). "Diplomats Help Push Sales of Jetliners on the Global Market". The New York Times. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ "Pew Analysis Shows More than 60 percent of Export-Import Bank Loan Guarantees Benefitted Singe Company". The Pew Charitable Trusts. Archived from the original on May 5, 2011. Retrieved January 5, 2011. 
^ Portero, Ashley. "30 Major U.S. Corporations Paid More to Lobby Congress Than Income Taxes, 2008–2010". International Business Times. Archived from the original on December 26, 2011. Retrieved December 26, 2011. 
^ a b "Boeing in Brief". Boeing. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ a b Employment Data. Boeing. Retrieved August 18, 2016.
^ "Go To Gang Boeing Frontiers Magazine" (PDF). Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ "Top 10 Best Companies for U.S. Veterans: Boeing". Archived from the original on May 30, 2011. Retrieved June 14, 2011. 
^ "Boeing: Corporate Governance". 
^ Clairmont L. Egtvedt biography, Boeing.
^ Frank Shrontz biography, Boeing.
^ "Boeing Promotes Dennis Muilenburg To Top Job". Forbes. July 23, 2015. 
^ Edgar N. Gott biography Archived May 11, 2008, at the Wayback Machine., Boeing.
^ "Executive Biography of Dennis A. Muilenburg". Boeing. 


Further reading[edit]

Cloud, Dana L. We Are the Union: Democratic Unionism and Dissent at Boeing. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2011.
Greider, William. One World, Ready or Not: The Manic Logic of Global Capitalism. London: Penguin Press, 1997.
Reed, Polly. Capitalist Family Values: Gender, Work, and Corporate Culture at Boeing. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press, 2015.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boeing.



Official website




Business data for Boeing Co: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



"Annual Reports Collection". Boeing. University of Washington. 1948–1984. CS1 maint: Date format (link)
"Keep on Boeing". Flight Global. July 11, 2016. , Top 22 moments from 100 years of aerospace’s biggest company







v
t
e


Boeing



Companies



Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
Boeing Australia
Boeing Canada
Boeing Capital
Boeing Commercial Airplanes
Boeing Defense, Space & Security
Boeing Phantom Works
Boeing Rotorcraft Systems
Boeing UK
HRL Laboratories
Jeppesen
McDonnell Douglas
Narus
Spectrolab
United Launch Alliance





People



William M. Allen
James A. Bell
John H. Biggs
William Boeing
John Bryson
Arthur D. Collins Jr.
Philip M. Condit
William M. Daley
Darleen Druyun
Kenneth Duberstein
Edgar Gott
Philip G. Johnson
John McDonnell
James McNerney
Susan Schwab
Michael M. Sears
Frank Shrontz
Harry Stonecipher
Malcolm T. Stamper
Thornton Wilson
Mike S. Zafirovski





Projects



BCT Modernization
Boeing Black
Boeing 7x7 series
Boeing hydrofoils
Boeing Jetfoils
Connexion by Boeing
Future Combat Systems





Facilities



Boeing Everett Factory
Boeing Plant 1
Boeing Plant 2
Boeing Renton Factory
Boeing South Carolina
Boeing Store
Future of Flight Aviation Center & Boeing Tour
Michoud Assembly Facility
Plant 42





Other



Boeing strike of 1948
Boeing Technical Fellowship
Competition between Airbus and Boeing












v
t
e


Boeing model numbers



Aircraft



1
2
3
4
5
6
6D
6E
7
8
10
15
16
21
40
42
50
53
54
55
58
63
64
66
67
68
69
72
74
75
77
80
81
83
89
93
95
96
99
100
101
102


200
202
203
204
205
214
215
218
221
222
223
226
227
234
235
236
246
247
248
251
256
264
266
267
273
280
281
294
299
300
306
307
314
316
344
345
367
367-80
377
400
450
451
464
466
474
479
701
818
953


707
717 (i)
717 (ii)
720
727
733
737
739
747
757
767
777
787
2707





Turbine engines



500
502
520
550





Vessels



929





Other



Boeing Customer Codes












v
t
e


Boeing airliners



Piston-engined



40A
80
221
247
307
314
377





Jet-engined



367-80
707/720
717
727
737
737 Classic
737 NG
737 MAX
747
747SP
747-400
747-8
757
767
777
787





In development



777X





Proposed



Y1
Y3
New Midsize Airplane





Not developed



2707
7J7
New Large Airplane
Sonic Cruiser












v
t
e


Stearman Aircraft



Aircraft



C1
C2
C3
M-2
LT-1
CAB-1
4
5
6
X-70
73
75
76
80
81 Sportster
X-85
X-90
X-91
X-100
X-120
200





Military designations



A-21
AT-15
BT-3
BT-5
BT-17
L-15
NS
N2S
OSS
PT-9
PT-13
PT-17
PT-18
PT-27
XPT-943





Companies



Stearman Aircraft
United Aircraft and Transport Corporation
Boeing
Spirit AeroSystems












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Aviation in Illinois



Primary airports



O'Hare International Airport
Chicago Midway International Airport
General Wayne A. Downing Peoria International Airport
Quad City International Airport
Central Illinois Regional Airport
Chicago Rockford International Airport
University of Illinois Willard Airport
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport
MidAmerica St. Louis Airport
Williamson County Regional Airport
Quincy Regional Airport








Military



Scott Air Force Base
Naval Air Station Glenview (1923–95)





Airlines



Air Illinois (1970–84)
Chicago Air (1985–86)
Midway Airlines (1976–91)
Mississippi Valley Airlines (1969–85)
United Airlines (founded 1927)





Aviation-related



AAR Corp
Boeing
Continental Airport Express
Elliott Aviation





Air shows



Chicago Air & Water Show
Rockford AirFest








List of airports in Illinois









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 135371434
LCCN: n79134057
ISNI: 0000 0004 0428 1911
GND: 4783-1
SUDOC: 121749592
NDL: 00629221










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boeing&oldid=791852136"					
Categories: 1916 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1916Technology companies established in 1916Manufacturing companies established in 1916Aerospace companies of the United StatesAircraft manufacturers of the United StatesBoeingCollier Trophy recipientsManufacturing companies based in ChicagoVehicle manufacturing companies established in 1916Rocket engine manufacturersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeDefense companies of the United StatesHistory of SeattleMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesSpace Act Agreement companiesWind turbine manufacturers1916 establishments in Washington (state)Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with Russian-language external linksUse American English from August 2016All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from May 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2013All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from September 2012CS1 maint: Date formatWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাБеларускаяБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGalego客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuМонголNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSoomaaligaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 22 July 2017, at 21:53.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
