





Marianne Bohren – Page 2



































Skip to content







Menu









Tag: Marianne Bohren 


Western Lake Superior Sanitary District board approves 2015 budget 

 

The Western Lake Superior Sanitary District (WLSSD) Board of Directors approved its 2015 operating and capital budgets at its regular Board meeting last night. Rate changes for wastewater services will result in an increase of less than 1 percent for nearly all the 17 communities served by WLSSD.  
“We’ve contained costs for our wastewater services and been able to keep rates relatively flat over the past five years,” said Marianne Bohren, WLSSD Executive Director. “Our major cost driver is electricity, where we’ve seen a 53% rate increase over the past eight years. With electricity making up 20% of our operating costs we are excited to begin the first phase of our energy self sufficiency projects.”
WLSSD’s capital improvement budget, also approved at the meeting, includes the first of four phases of WLSSD’s energy project that will move the District toward energy self-sufficiency.  The 2015 energy projects will prepare the District for the future installation of equipment that allows WLSSD to generate electricity to cover a portion of its electrical needs. 
The Board also approved a 20% increase to Solid Waste Management Fees effective January 1, 2015.  
Executive Director Marianne Bohren stated, “About 70% of the cost of providing recycling, solid waste education, composting and hazardous waste services to the region are covered by solid waste management fees collected on residential property taxes and by fees included on residential and commercial garbage bills. These fees have remained unchanged over the past nine years while the amount of materials being successfully diverted from landfilling through these programs has increased significantly. As a result, garbage volumes have decreased and recycling rates have increased. This is excellent news, however with funding for these programs directly tied to garbage volumes we are challenged by reduced revenue and increased demand for these programs. It is time to adjust these fees to ensure we continue to increase recycling and protect our environment well into the future.”
The WLSSD Board approved the following changes to the Solid Waste Management Fees, effective January 1, 2015, under a two-part system adopted in 1997:
· The hauler-collected portion of SWMFs for residents will not increase in 2015, remaining at $0.0085 per gallon. The fee collected on residential property taxes will increase from $18 per year to $25 per year. Seasonal properties will be charged $12.50 per year. 
·         Non-residential garbage producers will pay an increased hauler collected fee on their garbage bill.  This fee will increase from the current $1.96 per cubic yard of non-compacted garbage to $2.35 per cubic yard (compacted garbage fees increasing from $3.92/cubic yard to $4.70/cubic yard. 
Western Lake Superior Sanitary District provides award-winning wastewater and solid waste services within a 530 square mile service area and is a nationally recognized leader in pollution prevention.  Governed by a nine-member citizen board, WLSSD is a special purpose subdivision of the State of Minnesota. Its legislative boundaries include the cities of Duluth, Cloquet, Carlton, Scanlon, Wrenshall, Hermantown, Proctor, and Thomson; and the rural townships of Silverbrook, Thomson, Twin Lakes, Canosia, Duluth, Grand Lake, Lakewood, Midway, Rice Lake, and Solway. 
Source: WLSSD press release





WLSSD unveils free Product Reuse Program expansion 

 

The Western Lake Superior Sanitary District today unveiled a large expansion to its Product Reuse Program.
The program offers a wide variety of products available for free to area residents. The expansion includes nearly doubling the floor space devoted to product displays, improved parking and traffic flows, new equipment and technology to add efficiency and convenience, and a bright, spacious environment with educational messages and information. 
“Our Household Hazardous Waste program helps WLSSD to achieve our goals to prevent pollution through the proper management and disposal of hazardous wastes,” said WLSSD executive director Marianne Bohren. “This exciting new expansion will help us to provide even more valued services to our community, while also meeting our commitment to keeping our solid waste programs affordable.”  
WLSSD expects to see reductions in the costs of hazardous waste disposal by making more reusable products available to the community for reuse.
“WLSSD’s program expansion was funded with a grant from Northshore Mining, who contributed $75,000 toward the project,” said Bohren. “We are so very grateful to Northshore and Cliffs Natural Resources for their generous gift.”
“Many people don’t know that North America’s top recycled product is steel, so Cliffs Natural Resources is committed to helping communities get access to recycling centers so we can continue to reduce the amount of waste sent to landfills,” said Ed LaTendresse, general manager, Northshore Mining.  “We are happy to partner with the Western Lake Superior Sanitary District on the expansion of their Household Hazardous Waste Facility Product Reuse program so they can respond to the increased demand for this worthwhile service.”
A public open house is scheduled for Thursday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
“Anyone is welcome to stop by the facility on Thursday, or during any of our regular hours to see the improvements,” said Heidi Ringhofer, WLSSD director of solid waste services. “Most anyone can find a great product to use in their home or business, and best of all, it’s free.” 
WLSSD’s Household Hazardous Waste Facility and Product Reuse Center is open Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. year ‘round. During any of these operating hours, area residents can drop off unwanted hazardous household products and other hazardous wastes through the convenient drive-through facility. The Product Reuse Center is free and open to the public during any of the facility’s regular operating hours. 
WLSSD provides award-winning wastewater and solid waste services to residents, businesses and industries within its 535 square mile legislative boundaries in Southern St. Louis and northern Carlton counties, and is a nationally-recognized leader in pollution prevention.





WLSSD board approves 2014 budget 

The Western Lake Superior Sanitary District (WLSSD) Board of Directors approved its 2014 operating and capital budgets at its regular Board meeting Monday night.
Costs in WLSSD’s 2014 wastewater budget won’t increase over the district’s 2013 budget. In 2012, the WLSSD budget also had a zero percent change; and in 2013, the budget increased only .39 percent.
Solid waste management fees also will remain the same in 2014, the eighth consecutive year without an increase in this fee to residents.
“We are pleased that we are once again able to hold both the solid waste line item tax and the wastewater treatment costs constant,” said WLSSD Executive Director Marianne Bohren. “We have achieved this despite the continued escalation in energy and chemical costs and the added challenge associated with flood recovery. 
“We’ve set a budget that reflects a careful balance between maintaining reasonable rates for our customers, improving reliability, and ensuring that both solid waste and wastewater rates remain affordable to local residents and the 17 communities and 4 major industries that we serve. Most importantly, we’ve accomplished these cost efficiencies without reducing services or compromising the environmental performance of our facilities.”
Western Lake Superior Sanitary District provides award-winning wastewater and solid waste services within a 530 square mile service area and is a nationally recognized leader in pollution prevention.  Governed by a nine-member citizen board, WLSSD is a special purpose subdivision of the State of Minnesota. Its legislative boundaries include the cities of Duluth, Cloquet, Carlton, Scanlon, Wrenshall, Hermantown, Proctor, and Thomson; and the rural townships of Silver Brook, Thomson, Twin Lakes, Canosia, Duluth, Grand Lake, Lakewood, Midway, Rice Lake, and Solway. 





Wisconsin wood waste banned from WLSSD facilities to help reduce spread of Emerald Ash Borer 

Western Lake Superior Sanitary District (WLSSD) has placed an immediate ban on acceptance of brush and wood waste originating from Wisconsin at the WLSSD Yard Waste Compost Site and Materials Recovery Center.  
The ban has placed to aid in curtailing the spread of the Emerald Ash Borer. Emerald Ash Borer has recently been discovered in Superior, WI, and the State of Wisconsin has quarantined all ash logs, ash by-products and hardwood firewood, prohibiting the movement of this material out of the quarantined area. 
“To reduce the potential spread of the Emerald Ash Borer more broadly in the northland, we had no choice but to place this temporary ban at our facilities,” said Marianne Bohren, WLSSD executive director. “Because it’s difficult for staff at our busy facilities to distinguish between various tree species; we’ve placed a complete ban on wood waste from Wisconsin. We believe this will aid Wisconsin in successfully reducing the devastating impacts of Emerald Ash Borer help to prevent its spread into other areas of the region.”
The WLSSD ban impacts wood waste originating in Wisconsin only. WLSSD will continue to collect wood waste originating in Minnesota and leafy vegetative waste from either state. “Wisconsin residents may continue to bring their leafy wastes like lawn clippings, garden debris and leaves to the Yard Waste Compost Site,” continued Bohren.
Wisconsin residents are advised to use brush and wood disposal services at the City of Superior Landfill on Moccasin Mike Road. Residents in the quarantined area should consult with the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources prior to moving any wood materials in their area.  
The Western Lake Superior Sanitary District provides regional solid waste services for northeastern Minnesota and operates its wastewater treatment plant in Lincoln Park-Duluth.






 



Executive Director | WLSSD


























































Skip to Content

















About Us
History & Mission

Board

About the Board
Board Members
Board Meetings & Minutes

Executive Director
Structure
Wastewater & Solid Waste Authority
Financials
Notices

Investing in our Infrastructure

Investing in our Infrastructure
Biogas: Harnessing Energy from Wastewater




Executive Director
Marianne Bohren,           Executive Director
Marianne Bohren provides strategic leadership in all aspects of the organization and is responsible for the operational, environmental and financial performance of the organization.
Contact Marianne directly at (218) 740- 4805 or via Email.

























IKONICS appoints Marianne Bohren and Jeffrey Engbrecht to the Board of Directors






























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Diversity on Board IKONICS appoints Marianne Bohren and Jeffrey Engbrecht to the Board of Directors IKONICS appoints Marianne Bohren and Jeffrey Engbrecht to the Board of Directors








April 6, 2016
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies, Diversity on Board


– USA, MN – IKONICS Corporation (NASDAQ:IKNX), a Duluth-based imaging technology company, recently announced that Marianne Bohren and Jeffrey D. Engbrecht have been appointed as directors. Ms. Bohren and Mr. Engbrecht will stand for election as directors at the 2016 annual meeting of shareholders.
Marianne Bohren joins the IKONICS board with expertise in strategic planning and organizational management, along with her background managing sales and customer service in the complex and competitive distribution space. Ms. Bohren is Executive Director of the Western Lake Superior Sanitary District, a regional utility which provides wastewater treatment and solid waste management for a 530-square mile area in Northeastern Minnesota. Ms. Bohren has been with WLSSD for over ten years, and was Director of Organizational Development and Business Service Manager before being appointed as Executive Director in 2008, making her responsible for the operational, environmental and financial performance of the organization. Prior to joining WLSSD, Ms. Bohren served for 17 years with Potlatch Paper Company in various positions of increasing responsibility, ultimately serving as Vice President of Marketing and Business Services. She received her M.B.A. and B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Minnesota – Duluth.
Jeffrey D. Engbrecht is President and Chief Executive Officer of Clearwater Composites, LLC, a manufacturer of advanced composite products for the industrial and commercial markets located in Duluth, Minnesota, a company which he founded in 2008. Mr. Engbrecht brings more than 20 years of technological and business experience in the advanced composites market, working in various technical and sales roles at Toray Carbon Fibers, Ticona (Celanese), and Cirrus Aircraft. Mr. Engbrecht received a B.E. in Composite Materials Engineering from Winona State University in 1995.
Marianne and Jeffrey bring distinctive experience and skills to the Board of Directors. Bill Ulland, Chairman of the Board of Directors and IKONICS CEO commented, “I, along with the rest of the Board, am very pleased to have Marianne and Jeffrey join the Board of Directors. Their combined experience and expertise are a valuable addition to the communal skill, experience and vision of the Board.” Ulland added, “I look forward to working with Marianne, Jeffrey and the rest of the Board in shaping the future of IKONICS.”
IKONICS’ two newly appointed Board members also commented, Bohren saying: “I’m pleased to be part of the IKONICS Board. IKONICS’ growth the past several years is impressive and I look forward to working with the Board and being a contributing part in the future.”
Engbrecht added: “The new business units of IKONICS are directly in line with my core business. I’m excited to share ideas with the IKONICS Board and look forward to contributing to the organization.”
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Norsk Hydro elects Irene Rummelhoff as Deputy Chair alongside Thomas Schulz and Marianne Wiinholt as new Board MembersNorthrop Grumman adds Marianne Brown to its Board as Independent DirectorDuluth Metals appoints Kelly Osborne to Board of Directors as President and CEOTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


QuintilesIMS appoints Colleen Goggins to its Board of Directors
July 26, 2017



Fuel Tech announces CEO Vincent Arnone to additional role of Chairman of the Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



Amphenol appoints John Craig to its Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



Marine Products appoints Pam Rollins to the Board of Directors
July 25, 2017



AvalonBay Communities announces upcoming appointment of Steve Hills to its Board of Directors
July 25, 2017











Random BoardsViva Entertainment GroupElectromedTricentisJPMorgan American Investment TrustGALA Global











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -

































IKONICS Corporation | Board of Directors




































Connect!














Site Map












Contact



Press Room

Investor Relations

Stock Quote & Sec Filings
Financial Statements
Corporate Officers
Board of Directors



About Us

Careers
Company Overview
IKONICS Divisions
Our History



Home
















Bill Ulland
Marianne Bohren
Lockwood Carlson
Jeffrey D. Engbrecht

Ernest M. Harper
Darrell B. Lee
Gregory W. Jackson






Investor Relations >Stock Quote & Sec FilingsFinancial StatementsCorporate OfficersBoard of Directors





Bill Ulland

Director Since 1972

Mr. Ulland is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He was named IKONICS' Chief Executive Officer in February of 2000 and President in December of 2000. He has been a member of the Company's Board of Directors since 1972 and has served as its Chairman since 1976. Mr. Ulland earned a degree in Geophysical Engineering from the Colorado School of Mines in 1963 and a Master of Science degree in Industrial Administration from Purdue University in 1965. Prior to becoming the Company's Chief Executive Officer, he was involved in mineral development and evaluation as Managing Partner of the American Shield Company and President of Geomines Inc.


Marianne Bohren

Director Since 2016

Marianne Bohren joins the IKONICS board with expertise in strategic planning and organizational management, along with her background managing sales and customer service in the complex and competitive distribution space. Ms. Bohren is Executive Director of the Western Lake Superior Sanitary District, a regional utility which provides wastewater treatment and solid waste management for a 530-square mile area in Northeastern Minnesota.  Ms. Bohren has been with WLSSD for over ten years, and was Director of Organizational Development and Business Service Manager before being appointed as Executive Director in 2008, making her responsible for the operational, environmental and financial performance of the organization.  Prior to joining WLSSD, Ms. Bohren served for 17 years with Potlatch Paper Company in various positions of increasing responsibility, ultimately serving as Vice President of Marketing and Business Services.  She received her M.B.A. and B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Minnesota – Duluth.



Lockwood Carlson

Director Since 2009

Dr. Carlson is President of Carlson Consulting Group, a Minneapolis-based consulting firm providing strategic development foresight to organizations with a concentration in technical products/services. Past and present clients include Fortune 500 companies in an array of markets, including medical devices, chemicals, advanced materials, instrumentation and systems design. Dr. Carlson also serves on several other corporate and non-profit boards. Dr. Carlson holds the James Renier Chair in Technological Leadership at the Center for the Development of Technological Leadership at the University of Minnesota, where he is on the faculty and teaches in the Management of Technology program.



Darrell B. Lee

Director Since 2012

Mr. Lee serves as Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary at MOCON, Inc., a publicly held manufacturer of precision test and measurement instruments in Minneapolis. Mr. Lee has thusly served since 2005. Previously, Lee served as Vice President and CFO at Spinal Designs International, Inc., in the health care industry. Lee holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting and an M.B.A from Minnesota State University, Mankato and a Masters of Business Taxation from the Carlson School of Business, University of Minnesota.


Jeffrey D. Engbrecht

Director Since 2016

Jeffrey D. Engbrecht is President and Chief Executive Officer of Clearwater Composites, LLC, a manufacturer of advanced composite products for the industrial and commercial markets located in Duluth, Minnesota, a company which he founded in 2008. Mr. Engbrecht brings more than 20 years of technological and business experience in the advanced composites market, working in various technical and sales roles at Toray Carbon Fibers, Ticona (Celanese), and Cirrus Aircraft. Mr. Engbrecht received a B.E. in Composite Materials Engineering from Winona State University in 1995.


Gregory W. Jackson
  
  Director Since 2017

  
  Mr. Jackson was elected a director of the Company in 2017.  Since January 2012, Mr. Jackson has served as Executive Vice President of Taylor Corporation, a privately-held diversified graphic communications provider with over 12,000 employees across the U.S. During a tenure of more than 27 years, Mr. Jackson has served as General Counsel, Secretary, Chief Administration Officer and Executive Vice President. He now leads the mergers and acquisitions function and has completed more than 140 acquisitions during his tenure. Mr. Jackson received his B.S in history and theology from Pillsbury College and his J.D. from the University of Minnesota Law School.


Ernest M. Harper
  
  Director Since 2012

  
  Mr. Harper joins the IKONCS board with international experience in tax management, compliance, and financial reporting. Harper worked at General Mills for over two decades where he served as Chief Tax Officer and concentrated in the structuring of international business operations, joint ventures, domestic and international acquisitions / divestitures and corporate governance. Prior to his tenure at General Mills, Harper served as a tax consultant for Ernst & Young. He received his J.D. and B.A. degrees from the University of Minnesota.









About Us
Careers
Company Overview
IKONICS Divisions
Our History



Investor Relations
Stock Quote & Sec Filings
Financial Statements
Corporate Officers
Board of Directors



Press Room

Contact



IKONICS Division Sites
Chromaline Screen Print Products
IKONICS Imaging



IKONICS Industrial Inkjet Solutions
IKONICS Advanced Material Solutions





 Copyright ©  IKONICS Corporation. All rights reserved. 
ISO 9001 Certified. NASDAQ Listed: IKNX










Product Reuse Program



































Skip to content







Menu









Tag: Product Reuse Program 


WLSSD unveils free Product Reuse Program expansion 

 

The Western Lake Superior Sanitary District today unveiled a large expansion to its Product Reuse Program.
The program offers a wide variety of products available for free to area residents. The expansion includes nearly doubling the floor space devoted to product displays, improved parking and traffic flows, new equipment and technology to add efficiency and convenience, and a bright, spacious environment with educational messages and information. 
“Our Household Hazardous Waste program helps WLSSD to achieve our goals to prevent pollution through the proper management and disposal of hazardous wastes,” said WLSSD executive director Marianne Bohren. “This exciting new expansion will help us to provide even more valued services to our community, while also meeting our commitment to keeping our solid waste programs affordable.”  
WLSSD expects to see reductions in the costs of hazardous waste disposal by making more reusable products available to the community for reuse.
“WLSSD’s program expansion was funded with a grant from Northshore Mining, who contributed $75,000 toward the project,” said Bohren. “We are so very grateful to Northshore and Cliffs Natural Resources for their generous gift.”
“Many people don’t know that North America’s top recycled product is steel, so Cliffs Natural Resources is committed to helping communities get access to recycling centers so we can continue to reduce the amount of waste sent to landfills,” said Ed LaTendresse, general manager, Northshore Mining.  “We are happy to partner with the Western Lake Superior Sanitary District on the expansion of their Household Hazardous Waste Facility Product Reuse program so they can respond to the increased demand for this worthwhile service.”
A public open house is scheduled for Thursday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
“Anyone is welcome to stop by the facility on Thursday, or during any of our regular hours to see the improvements,” said Heidi Ringhofer, WLSSD director of solid waste services. “Most anyone can find a great product to use in their home or business, and best of all, it’s free.” 
WLSSD’s Household Hazardous Waste Facility and Product Reuse Center is open Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. year ‘round. During any of these operating hours, area residents can drop off unwanted hazardous household products and other hazardous wastes through the convenient drive-through facility. The Product Reuse Center is free and open to the public during any of the facility’s regular operating hours. 
WLSSD provides award-winning wastewater and solid waste services to residents, businesses and industries within its 535 square mile legislative boundaries in Southern St. Louis and northern Carlton counties, and is a nationally-recognized leader in pollution prevention.






Marianne Bohren 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017

















 










































 









IKONICS Appoints Two to Board of Directors




































Skip to main content






Advertisement 

 













 
 

 



Get the Magazine
 



 


  






You are hereHome » News » IKONICS Appoints Two to Board of Directors




 


IKONICS Appoints Two to Board of Directors 

    April 8, 2016  


Duluth, Minnesota-based IKONICS Corp. announces the appointment of Marianne Bohren and Jeffrey Engbrecht as new members of its board of directors, pending approval by the company’s shareholders.
Bohren joins the board with a background in sales management and customer service, and the company says she has expertise in strategic planning and organizational management. She serves as executive director of the Western Lake Superior Sanitary District, a regional wastewater treatment and solid waste management utility.
Engbrecht joins IKONICS’ board with more than 20 years of technological and business experience in the advanced composites market. He is president and chief financial officer of Clearwater Composites LLC, a manufacturer of advanced composite products for the industrial and commercial markets in Duluth.


Got a news tip? Contact Tony Kindelspire 

Related Posts

  
IKONICS Expands International Support Staff   

Exclusive Coverage: IKONICS Exploring Other Markets 

Ikonics Establishes Dailey Scholarship 

IKONICS Imaging Promotes Three Employees 

3A Composites Adds Several to Sales Team 

Roland DG Announces Changes to its Board of Directors 
 
 




 






Your Guide to 2017 Recognized Suppliers




    FIND SUPPLIERS NOW
 













 





Advertisement 

 


Get the eNewsletter


Your Email Address *










Leave this field blank 


 







Advertisement 

 





Advertisement 

 





Advertisement 

 


 


















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name






























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































