


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





































Transform your marketing with Kenshoo.
Discover, engage, convert, retain and grow your audience  to achieve campaign objectives across desktop and mobile.






First Name






Last Name






Company






Email






Job Role






Country

United States
Canada
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte d’Ivoire
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao S.A.R., China
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe






State

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Military Americas
Military Europe/ME/Canada
Military Pacific
Alberta
Manitoba
British Columbia
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon Territory






Industry

Agency
Automotive
Business Services
Computers & Tech
Consumer Apps
Consumer Goods
Education
Finance
Gaming
Government
Health
Media & Entertainment
Multi-Category Advertisers
Online Media
Other
Public Services
Retail
Sports & Rec
Telecommunications
Travel






I am a(n)

Advertiser
Affiliate Marketer
Agency
Press/Reporter
Candidate
Local/SMB/Franchise/Directory Marketing Provider
Other






Channels I am interested in

Search
Social
Display
Mobile
Multi-Channel
N/A






My current ad spend

Under $50K USD per month
$50K-$100K USD per month
$100K-$300K USD per month
$300K-$500K USD per month
$500K-$1M USD per month
$1M+ USD per month
N/A; Just want to chat
Not spending at the moment, but looking to spend
Not spending at the moment, and not looking to spend in the near future
$50-$100K USD per month
Under $100K USD per month

































































Comments












Cross-channel platform directing $350+ billion in annualized client online sales revenue.






Named by Forrester Research, Inc. “The Only Leader” in bid management software and social ad platforms.
Download Reports →














tets.com





Click Here to continue





tets.com





Click Here to continue





tets.com





Click Here to continue





tets.com





Click Here to continue




Bollente Companies, Inc.















































Bollente Companies, Inc.













 


 Partners in Growth 
Bollente Brings Value to Visionaries


Company Overview




 







We understand what entrepreneurs need to transform
great ideas into thriving companies.





At Bollente Companies, our passion is to partner with zealous entrepreneurs and provide guidance to seize growth opportunities and deliver unsurpassed value for shareholders.
With a foundation deeply rooted in growing innovative companies, the Bollente team offers hands-on collaborative direction. We specialize in refining strategic planning, exploring capitalization structures, pursuing accretive mergers or acquisitions, enhancing market presence and assistance in building qualified executive management teams.
 





Our Brands




 







Bollente Companies is growing a diverse portfolio of companies with an interest in disruptive technologies that positively impact the environment, consumer lifestyles, or emerging economies.






trutankless – Tankless Electric Water Heater
Introducing an innovation in water heating technology – trutankless. We’ve transformed the traditional, wasteful and bulky water heater into a sleek, space-saving tankless design that’s packed with cutting edge technology. Energy conservation and long term savings for you are what drive us, and our vision to use forward thinking technology to provide endless hot water for your entire home resulted in a product we’re very proud to offer. It’s a sophisticated solution that means something simple to you – endless hot water.
Visit the trutankless website.






Our Strategy

 



 







At Bollente, we are highly selective when identifying teams, markets, and business models. We pursue opportunities that can achieve rapid growth and strong profitability to generate lasting returns for our shareholders.











 

Disruptive Innovation

We are passionate about forward thinking technologies that make everyday life better for people and the environment.









 

Rapid Growth

We look for passionate people with great ideas that have the potential to achieve rapid growth and profit.









 

Active Management

We focus on companies that can leverage our experience and benefit from synergies with our operating subsidiaries.











Leadership




 


Leadership

The team at Bollente Companies hails from a diverse background. Collectively, the team has vast knowledge and experience in building public and private companies in the cleantech, web-enhanced services and premium consumer products sectors.


Robertson James Orr
President and CEO
Bollente Companies, Inc.

Robertson James Orr has served as President & CEO of Bollente Companies since May 2010.
An energetic serial entrepreneur, Mr. Orr brings a wealth of strategic business development knowledge and expertise to Bollente Companies. In 1998, Mr. Orr became a founding partner of bluemedia, Inc., one of the nation’s leading signage and large-format graphics companies headquartered in Tempe, Arizona. As the company’s Sr. Vice President of Sales and Business Development, Mr. Orr has led bluemedia’s impressive 28% annual growth rate and fostered the recent acquisition of Skyline Signs.
In 2005, Mr. Orr and his partners funded another venture, Blind Society, an award-winning advertising and branding agency in Scottsdale, Arizona. Blind Society boasts an impressive client roster which includes the Arizona Cardinals, AT&T, Phoenix Coyotes, Four Peaks Brewery, Warner Brothers, Pixar Entertainment and Mojo Yogurt.
Mr. Orr graduated from Arizona State University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Business Management in 1997. A Cincinnati Ohio native, Mr. Orr is socially conscious and has supported non-profit organizations including Boys & Girls Club of Phoenix, St. Joseph the Worker, Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA), Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and served on the Board of Directors for the Tempe Chamber of Commerce.


Jeffrey S. Mayhall
Executive Vice President

As Executive Vice President of Bollente Companies, Inc., Jeffrey Mayhall is actively involved in the execution of Bollente investments, financing, recapitalizations, acquisitions, sales and corporate compliance.
Most recently Mr. Mayhall founded and led Innovation Credit Corporation, an organization dedicated to financing, developing and marketing new innovative technologies and products. From 2006 – 2013, Mr. Mayhall served as the company’s President and grew Innovation Credit Corporation to become one of the largest international companies within its industry. Prior to founding Innovation Credit Corporation, Mr. Mayhall served as Director of Operations and General Counsel for a large commercial real estate development company.
Mr. Mayhall holds a bachelor’s degree in psychology from the University of Toledo and a Juris Doctorate from the University of Toledo, College of Law. After graduating from Law School, Mr. Mayhall relocated to Arizona where he was admitted to the Arizona Bar and became licensed in the United State District Court, District of Arizona.


Investor Relations




 







News releases and supplemental company information.










 

Company News










 

Stock Information













 

Annual Shareholder Meeting

Information regarding Bollente Companies’ general annual meeting will be sent to shareholders of record.








 

SEC Filings

Request printed versions of the most recent audited financial statements free of charge via investors@bollente.com.











Contact




 


Bollente Companies, Inc.

8800 N. Gainey Center Dr., Scottsdale, AZ 85258




Phone:
480.275.7572


Email:
info@bollente.com






Sign Up for Email Alerts


Email Alerts





Your name










Email










Phone Number










Optional Message












Sign Up




















© Copyright 2013 Bollente Companies. All rights reserved.  |  XBRL



























 Company - trutankless                   trutanklessOUR COMPANYtrutankless is brought to you by Bollente Companies, Inc. With a foundation deeply rooted in growing innovative companies, the Bollente team offers hands-on collaborative direction. We specialize in refining strategic planning, exploring capitalization structures, pursuing accretive mergers or acquisitions, enhancing market presence and assistance in building qualified executive management teams. VISIT BOLLENTE.COM     EXECUTIVE TEAM MICHAEL STEBBINS PRESIDENTLinkedinE-mailBIOAs Founder and President of Bollente, Inc., Michael is directly involved in the day to day operations of the company, from business development and strategic decision making to overseeing sales and marketing as well as new product development. Michael helped lead the design team that created the award-winning trutankless water heater, which resulted in a series of advancements that were novel to the water heater business.Recently recognized as one of Arizona’s Top “35 Under 35” Entrepreneurs, Michael is committed to building trutankless into a dynamic brand known for quality and innovation. JEFFREY RASSAS EXECUTIVE CHAIRMANLinkedinE-mailBIOWith more than 20 years of experience in entrepreneurial ventures and business management, Jeffrey Rassás brings extensive start-up expertise to the helm of trutankless.A two-time finalist for Ernst & Young’s Entrepreneur of the Year Award, Jeffrey’s prowess in developing, funding and leading start-up ventures makes him uniquely qualified to lead the trutankless team in its mission to revolutionize the water heater industry with a product that surpasses current gas and electric water heaters (both tank and tankless) in efficiency, output, sustainability and value to the consumer.CONTACTVISIT OUR SHOWROOM15720 N. Greenway Hayden Loop, Unit 2, Scottsdale, AZ 85260855-TO-BUY-TRU | sales@trutankless.comCONNECT WITH USQuestions or comments about our products? We’d love to hear from you!    First Name *  Last Name *  Email Address *  Phone  Your Message *
     Submit  FacebookPinterestYouTube      Bollente Companies Increases Presence in Trending Segment of Commercial Construction with Its Smart trutankless Product LineHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 9 hrs 2 minsS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitBollente Companies Increases Presence in Trending Segment of Commercial Construction with Its Smart trutankless Product LinePR NewswireApril 11, 2017ReblogShareTweetSharePHOENIX, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bollente Companies, Inc. (BOLC) today announced that its trutankless line of smart water heaters has been chosen for both a retrofit project and new construction of townhomes at Friendship Village, a retirement community touted as "senior living for the young-at-heart," located in Tempe, Ariz.Developed in 1980 by The Weitz Company as one of the nation's first Continuing Care Retirement Communities, Friendship Village has undertaken an aggressive retrofit project to cut utility costs and extend the replacement cycle of water heating equipment by replacing traditional tank water heaters in its 300+ cottages with energy-efficient, space-saving tankless units. The project is expected to be completed in 2018 with the first phase of around 100 trutankless water heaters already installed."Energy, water, and space savings for existing construction are hard enough to come by on their own, but trutankless offers all three," said Brian Scott, Assistant Director at the Mesa, Arizona Friendship Village property. "Operators, investors, and developers in this industry should recognize trutankless as a long-term benefit to the bottom line. It's a perfect fit for us as we expand, and for literally thousands of other communities to be built around the US in the coming years, because trutankless is an easy improvement to resident safety and lifestyle."The property is owned by Life Care Services Corporation, a leading senior living management and development company, which has begun construction of larger, upscale townhomes at Friendship Village for which trutankless is the water heating solution of choice."Continuing care communities are now one of the dominant areas for commercial real estate development," said Ben Bunge, a Project Manager at The Weitz Company. "Demographics are driving the demand. The new wave of retirees want the freedom of independent living in a fun environment as well as the ability to remain in the same community as they age."By 2025, the number of senior living communities in the country is expected to rise by 21%, according to a report by Argentum, the largest national association exclusively dedicated to resident-centered senior living communities. Their focus on active lifestyles is taking advantage of the demographic shifts to attract Baby-Boomers looking for recreational amenities like yoga studios, healthy cooking classes, golf and tennis."With its small footprint, energy savings and inherent longevity, trutankless is an ideal solution for the senior living industry which is expected to continue to outpace the overall economy," said Michael Stebbins of Bollente Companies. "Besides all the other benefits, trutankless has smart technology that makes it possible for maintenance crews to easily monitor hundreds of water heaters for usage data and safety compliance which means trutankless is uniquely poised for growth within the segment."Bollente Companies launched its first-generation trutankless unit at the IBS show in 2014, where it was named "Best Home Technology Product." trutankless also took home the Governor's Award of Merit for Energy and Technology Innovation at Arizona Forward's Environmental Excellence Awards in the same year. Since then, the product has garnered a multitude of accolades for its forward-thinking technology and energy efficiency, including a silver award in the Appliance Design Excellence in Design contest, a Special Mention in the Architizer A+ Awards, and was named a Hot Product by the editors of Green Builder Magazine. Featured as a water saving device in Consumer Reports' Top 5 Remodeling Trends for 2016 write-up, trutankless was also named "Best of Houzz" in January 2017 for the third consecutive year representing continued success among Houzz.com's 40,000,000 homeowners.Connect on social media:www.houzz.com/pro/trutankless  www.facebook.com/trutankless  www.twitter.com/trutankless  www.youtube.com/trutanklessAbout trutankless:Founded in 2010, trutankless, a division of Bollente Companies, Inc. (BOLC), was brought to life through the combined insight, ingenuity, and drive of industry professionals, engineers, and entrepreneurs.  The objective was to create a line of electric tankless water heaters that far surpasses traditional tank water heaters in energy efficiency, output, dependability and environmental sustainability while overcoming the frustrating drawbacks of other tankless units on the market today. Read MoreThe trutankless mission is to efficiently provide hot water on demand by combining smart engineering with forward-thinking technologies that save owners money, energy, and space.  For more information, please visit www.trutankless.com or call 855-TO-BUY-TRU.About Friendship Village:Developed in 1980, Friendship Village is one of the first continuing care retirement communities in Arizona. Managed by Life Care Services and a not-for-profit board of directors, Friendship Village's mission is to provide a community where older adults can secure their future needs while keeping their sense of adventure. For more information, visit www.friendshipvillageaz.com.Forward-Looking Statement: The statements in this press release regarding any implied or perceived benefits from the release by trutankless of its line of electric tankless water heaters or added key strategic sales and distribution partners are forward-looking statements. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks of the key strategic sales and distribution partners ability to sell our product, and effects of legal and administrative proceedings and governmental regulation, especially in a foreign country, future financial and operational results, competition, general economic conditions, and the ability to manage and continue growth.Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this news release include the introduction of new technology, market conditions, and those set forth in reports or documents we file from time to time with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update such statements to reflect current events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bollente-companies-increases-presence-in-trending-segment-of-commercial-construction-with-its-smart-trutankless-product-line-300437736.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceFacebook shares hit record high as mobile ad sales soarReutersWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoMoney Basics: What is a hedge fund?Yahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceNow hiring at Amazon: Thousands of people in 1 dayAssociated PressMichelle Obama Opens Up About The Racism She Faced As First LadyHC Paisano: Obama only got elected because he was Black so stop complaining.Join the Conversation1 / 5572









Bollente Companies Inc (BOLC.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Bollente Companies Inc (BOLC.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				BOLC.PK on OTC Markets Group


				1.00USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$1.00


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

4,584




52-wk High

$1.21


52-wk Low

$0.20












					Full Description



Bollente Companies, Inc. (Bollente), incorporated on March 7, 2008, operates through its subsidiary Bollente, Inc. Bollente manufactures and sells whole-house, electric tankless water heater. The Company's products include trutankless, truCirc and Vero. The Company also offers Vero, line of electric tankless water heaters.TrutanklessThe Company manufactures and distributes trutankless water heaters, a line of electric tankless water heaters. The Company's trutankless water heaters are designed to provide an endless hot water supply because they are designed to heat water as it flows through the system. Its trutankless product line utilizes the Company's Velix technology to heat water as it flows through the system. The Company launched MYtankless, a customizable online control panel for its trutankless line of electric water heaters. From the dashboard, residential and commercial users can obtain real-time status reports, adjust unit temperature settings, view approximately three years of water usage data and change notification settings from anywhere in the world, using a computer or Web-enabled smart device at www.mytankless.com. Its primary markets include Florida, Texas, Arizona and the rest of the Sunbelt region.truCirctruCirc is a high-tech water circulation pump. The truCirc can be used with its trutankless electric tankless water heater. truCirc's high-tech interface allows homeowners to change delivery modes or choose a zone or fixture to send hot water. Thermostatic shut-off valves can be installed at showerhead points of use throughout a home to eliminate wasted water.

» Full Overview of BOLC.PK







					Company Address



Bollente Companies Inc
8800 N Gainey Center Dr Ste 270SCOTTSDALE   AZ   85258-2178
P: +1480.2757572F: +1480.2758975







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Robertson Orr

266,500




» More Officers & Directors





					Bollente Companies Inc News




» More BOLC.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment









































 



 Bollente Companies Increases Production and Distribution Capabilities for trutankless® with Global 
         










    










 













 











 



















Bollente Companies Increases Production and Distribution Capabilities for trutankless® with Global Manufacturing Partnership
        																																																														
              

          Agreement enables Bollente Companies to meet growing demand from its network of wholesale, homebuilder and installation partners
        











 News provided by
Bollente Companies, Inc.  
Jun 27, 2017, 08:10 ET









 Share this article




























































PHOENIX, June 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bollente Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: BOLC) today announced that it has signed a manufacturing agreement with SINBON Electronics, a leading solution provider of electronic component integration design and manufacturing with a global presence in the U.S., Taiwan, China, Japan, the U.K., Germany, Hungary and the Czech Republic.








The agreement with SINBON will allow Bollente Companies to ramp up production of its award-winning trutankless line of electric tankless water heaters as it faces heavy demand from wholesalers like Ferguson, Hajoca, Hughes, Morrison and Winnelson, along with homebuilding and plumbing installation partners.
Since 1989, SINBON has provided solutions ranging from global materials sourcing and buying, product inquiries, sampling, manufacturing and after-sales service for the medical, automotive, green energy, industrial application and communications sectors. The company's impressive client list includes household names like GE, Siemens, Honeywell, Porsche, Sony and Samsung. In addition, SINBON is committed to designing and developing environmentally friendly products and has adopted practices specified by ISO 14001 environmental management guidelines. 
"We are excited to be a part of the trutankless transition from pioneering startup to a brand with global reach," said Jesse Huang, Vice President of Sales at SINBON Electronics. "We seek partners with products that reflect long-term vision, innovative technology and excellence in design—all of which are evident in trutankless. We look forward to a long and successful partnership."
Connect on social media:www.houzz.com/pro/trutankless www.facebook.com/trutankless www.twitter.com/trutankless www.youtube.com/trutankless
About trutankless:Founded in 2010, trutankless, a division of Bollente Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: BOLC), was brought to life through the combined insight, ingenuity, and drive of industry professionals, engineers, and entrepreneurs. The objective was to create a line of electric tankless water heaters that far surpasses traditional tank water heaters in energy efficiency, output, dependability and environmental sustainability while overcoming the frustrating drawbacks of other tankless units on the market today. 
The trutankless mission is to efficiently provide hot water on demand by combining smart engineering with forward-thinking technologies that save owners money, energy, and space. For more information, please visit www.trutankless.com or call 855-TO-BUY-TRU.
Forward-Looking Statement: The statements in this press release regarding any implied or perceived benefits from the release by trutankless of its line of electric tankless water heaters or added key strategic sales and distribution partners are forward-looking statements. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks of the key strategic sales and distribution partners ability to sell our product, and effects of legal and administrative proceedings and governmental regulation, especially in a foreign country, future financial and operational results, competition, general economic conditions, and the ability to manage and continue growth.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this news release include the introduction of new technology, market conditions, and those set forth in reports or documents we file from time to time with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update such statements to reflect current events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bollente-companies-increases-production-and-distribution-capabilities-for-trutankless-with-global-manufacturing-partnership-300478989.html
SOURCE Bollente Companies, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.bollentecompanies.com



 













Apr 11, 2017, 08:30 ET
Preview: Bollente Companies Increases Presence in Trending Segment of Commercial Construction with Its Smart trutankless Product Line






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Apr 11, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Bollente Companies Increases Presence in Trending Segment of...








 

Apr 04, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Award-Winning Luxury Builder Cullum Homes Makes trutankless® the...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Electronic Components
  Electrical Utilities
  Oil & Energy
  Utilities
  Water Utilities








 You just read:
Bollente Companies Increases Production and Distribution Capabilities for trutankless® with Global Manufacturing Partnership


 News provided by
Bollente Companies, Inc.  
Jun 27, 2017, 08:10 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Bollente Companies Increases Presence In Trending Segment Of Commercial Construction With Its Smart Trutankless Product Line - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Bollente Companies Increases Presence In Trending Segment Of Commercial Construction With Its Smart Trutankless Product Line









PR Newswire




Apr 11, 2017 8:30 AM EDT













 


















































  PHOENIX, April 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Bollente Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: BOLC) today announced that its trutankless line of smart water heaters has been chosen for both a retrofit project and new construction of townhomes at Friendship Village, a retirement community touted as "senior living for the young-at-heart," located in Tempe, Ariz. Developed in 1980 by The Weitz Company as one of the nation's first Continuing Care Retirement Communities, Friendship Village has undertaken an aggressive retrofit project to cut utility costs and extend the replacement cycle of water heating equipment by replacing traditional tank water heaters in its 300+ cottages with energy-efficient, space-saving tankless units. The project is expected to be completed in 2018 with the first phase of around 100 trutankless water heaters already installed. "Energy, water, and space savings for existing construction are hard enough to come by on their own, but trutankless offers all three," said Brian Scott, Assistant Director at the Mesa, Arizona Friendship Village property. "Operators, investors, and developers in this industry should recognize trutankless as a long-term benefit to the bottom line. It's a perfect fit for us as we expand, and for literally thousands of other communities to be built around the US in the coming years, because trutankless is an easy improvement to resident safety and lifestyle." The property is owned by Life Care Services Corporation, a leading senior living management and development company, which has begun construction of larger, upscale townhomes at Friendship Village for which trutankless is the water heating solution of choice. "Continuing care communities are now one of the dominant areas for commercial real estate development," said Ben Bunge, a Project Manager at The Weitz Company. "Demographics are driving the demand. The new wave of retirees want the freedom of independent living in a fun environment as well as the ability to remain in the same community as they age." By 2025, the number of senior living communities in the country is expected to rise by 21%, according to a report by Argentum, the largest national association exclusively dedicated to resident-centered senior living communities. Their focus on active lifestyles is taking advantage of the demographic shifts to attract Baby-Boomers looking for recreational amenities like yoga studios, healthy cooking classes, golf and tennis. "With its small footprint, energy savings and inherent longevity, trutankless is an ideal solution for the senior living industry which is expected to continue to outpace the overall economy," said Michael Stebbins of Bollente Companies. "Besides all the other benefits, trutankless has smart technology that makes it possible for maintenance crews to easily monitor hundreds of water heaters for usage data and safety compliance which means trutankless is uniquely poised for growth within the segment." Bollente Companies launched its first-generation trutankless unit at the IBS show in 2014, where it was named "Best Home Technology Product." trutankless also took home the Governor's Award of Merit for Energy and Technology Innovation at Arizona Forward's Environmental Excellence Awards in the same year. Since then, the product has garnered a multitude of accolades for its forward-thinking technology and energy efficiency, including a silver award in the Appliance Design Excellence in Design contest, a Special Mention in the Architizer A+ Awards, and was named a Hot Product by the editors of Green Builder Magazine. Featured as a water saving device in Consumer Reports' Top 5 Remodeling Trends for 2016 write-up, trutankless was also named "Best of Houzz" in January 2017 for the third consecutive year representing continued success among Houzz.com's 40,000,000 homeowners.  Connect on social media: www.houzz.com/pro/trutankless  www.facebook.com/trutankless  www.twitter.com/trutankless  www.youtube.com/trutankless  About trutankless:Founded in 2010, trutankless, a division of Bollente Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: BOLC), was brought to life through the combined insight, ingenuity, and drive of industry professionals, engineers, and entrepreneurs.  The objective was to create a line of electric tankless water heaters that far surpasses traditional tank water heaters in energy efficiency, output, dependability and environmental sustainability while overcoming the frustrating drawbacks of other tankless units on the market today.  The trutankless mission is to efficiently provide hot water on demand by combining smart engineering with forward-thinking technologies that save owners money, energy, and space.  For more information, please visit www.trutankless.com or call 855-TO-BUY-TRU.  About Friendship Village:Developed in 1980, Friendship Village is one of the first continuing care retirement communities in Arizona. Managed by Life Care Services and a not-for-profit board of directors, Friendship Village's mission is to provide a community where older adults can secure their future needs while keeping their sense of adventure. For more information, visit www.friendshipvillageaz.com. Forward-Looking Statement: The statements in this press release regarding any implied or perceived benefits from the release by trutankless of its line of electric tankless water heaters or added key strategic sales and distribution partners are forward-looking statements. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks of the key strategic sales and distribution partners ability to sell our product, and effects of legal and administrative proceedings and governmental regulation, especially in a foreign country, future financial and operational results, competition, general economic conditions, and the ability to manage and continue growth.  



 








 































































 











Trending


If Donald Trump Is Right, How Many Jobs Would 3 Apple Factories in the U.S. Really Create?


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Jim Cramer Reveals Why He's Pleased With Advanced Micro Devices and Boeing's Earnings


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


Jim Cramer Reveals What to Watch in Southwest Airlines, Dow Chemical and Starbucks Earnings











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 































Bollente Companies, Inc. - BOLC - Stock Price Today - Zacks









 




























 


Free Gift
	for Zacks.com visitors
 

		BOLC is  1.00% today, but where's it headed in August?
 


   

 Privacy Policy

		No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever.
 


















 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 Bollente Companies, Inc. (BOLC)
(Delayed Data from OTC)



$1.00 USD
1.00
3,130


                0.00                (0.00%)
              

Updated Jul 25, 2017 03:29 PM ET




Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



 




Style Scores:



NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Top 44%(116 out of 265) 
Industry: Electronics - Miscellaneous Products




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        









Quote Overview
















Stock Activity



Open
0.75


Day Low
0.65


Day High
1.00


52 Wk Low
0.20


52 Wk High
1.21


Avg. Volume
481


Market Cap
21.88 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
-1.25





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
NA


Current Qtr Est
NA


Current Yr Est
NA


Exp Earnings Date
8/28/17


Prior Year EPS
NA


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA










Computer and Technology » Electronics - Miscellaneous Products





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings







News for BOLC

Zacks News for BOLC
Other News for BOLC


                        No data available. 
                        
                        




Bollente Companies Increases Production and Distribution Capabilities for trutankless® with Global Manufacturing Partnership
06/27/17-8:10AM EST  PR Newswire

Award-Winning Luxury Builder Cullum Homes Makes trutankless® the Exclusive Water Heating Solution in its Communities
04/04/17-8:30AM EST  PR Newswire

Second generation of trutankless® smart water heaters to be unveiled at International Builders Show
01/09/17-8:05AM EST  PR Newswire

Bollente Companies, Inc. granted significant patent for its award-winning trutankless® smart water heaters
06/21/16-8:01AM EST  PR Newswire


More Other News for BOLC





Premium Research for BOLC





Zacks Rank


                             NA
                            


Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 44%(116 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 50% (8  out of 16) 



Style Scores

NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for BOLC

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Bollente Companies, Inc.
BOLC
NA


Jason Industries, Inc.
JASN



Hoya Corp.
HOCPY



Research Frontiers Incorporated
REFR



SPECTRIS PLC
SEPJY



ams AG Unsponsored ADR
AMSSY



Control4 Corporation
CTRL




See all Electronics - Miscellaneous Products Peers


 








Price and EPS Surprise Chart














1 Month
3 Months
YTD





Interactive Chart | Fundamental Chart



Billion Dollar Secret



Company Summary
Bollente Companies, Inc. manufactures and distributes electric tank less water heaters for residential and commercial purposes primarily in the United States. Bollente Companies, Inc. is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.   

















 





























BOLC - Stock Quote and Charts for Bollente Companies

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In




















Bollente Companies (BOLC)
        


Add to Watchlists


                Create an Alert
            






1.00
+0.00  +0.00%
OTC Markets
Jul 25, 20:00
Delayed 15m
USD










            
                Quote
            
        

Fundamental Chart


Technicals


Key Stats


Financials


Data


Estimates


News


Events


Y-Ratings


Performance


Valuation


Multichart









View Full Chart
BOLC Price Chart
















View All Key Stats
BOLC Key Stats






Income Statement



Revenue (TTM)


                                

                                0.3798M
                            
                        


Revenue (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



EPS Diluted (TTM)


                                

                                -0.18
                            
                        


EPS Diluted (Quarterly YoY Growth)

Upgrade



Net Income (TTM)


                                

                                -3.744M
                            
                        


Profitability



Gross Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                14.84%
                            
                        


Profit Margin (Quarterly)


                                

                                -947.0%
                            
                        


Dividend



Dividend Yield (Forward)

Upgrade



Dividend Yield (TTM)


                                

                                0.00
                            
                        










Price and Valuation



Market Cap


                                

                                21.88M
                            
                        


52 Week High (Daily)

Upgrade



52 Week Low (Daily)

Upgrade



PS Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                --
                            
                        


PE Ratio (TTM)


                                

                                --
                            
                        


Price to Book Value


                                

                                --
                            
                        


Other



Beta (5Y)

Upgrade



Debt to Equity Ratio (Quarterly)


                                

                                -1.141
                            
                        


Free Cash Flow (Quarterly)


                                

                                -0.5376M
                            
                        


Return on Equity (TTM)


                                

                                871.8%
                            
                        








View All BOLC News
BOLC News






Wire
Headline
Time (ET)


PR Newswire



                                
                                Bollente Companies Increases Production and Distribution Capabilities for trutankless® with Global Manufacturing Partnership


06/27 08:10



PR Newswire



                                
                                Bollente Companies Increases Presence in Trending Segment of Commercial Construction with Its Smart trutankless Product Line


04/11 08:30



PR Newswire



                                
                                Award-Winning Luxury Builder Cullum Homes Makes trutankless® the Exclusive Water Heating Solution in its Communities


04/04 08:30



Yahoo



                                
                                Bollente Companies, Inc. Enters Exclusive Partnership with Market-Leading Mr. Rooter Plumbing


03/21 08:30



PR Newswire



                                
                                Second generation of trutankless® smart water heaters to be unveiled at International Builders Show


01/09 08:05



PR Newswire



                                
                                Valeant Pharmaceuticals Announces Second Quarter Results Conference Call Date And Details


07/15 08:00



PR Newswire



                                
                                Bollente Companies, Inc. granted significant patent for its award-winning trutankless® smart water heaters


06/21 08:05



Yahoo



                                
                                Bollente Cos., Inc. :BOLC-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2016 By the Numbers : June 13, 2016


06/13 10:55



Yahoo



                                
                                Bollente Cos., Inc. Earnings Analysis: Q3, 2015 By the Numbers


12/14 14:32



Yahoo



                                
                                Bollente Cos., Inc. Earnings Q2, 2015


09/04 12:03











View All Performance Charts
BOLC Total Returns Comparison








BOLC Fundamentals

Income Statement 
View Statement









Revenue (TTM)

0.3798M


Total Expenses (TTM)

4.105M


Net Income (TTM)

-3.744M





Balance Sheet 
View Statement









Total Assets (Quarterly)

0.5674M


Total Liabilities (Quarterly)

1.082M


Shareholders Equity (Quarterly)

-0.5143M





Cash Flow Statement 
View Statement









Cash from Operations (TTM)

-1.385M


Cash from Investing (TTM)

-0.019M


Cash from Financing (TTM)

1.373M








BOLC Ratings


Y-Rating

Upgrade



Value Score

Upgrade



Fundamental Score

Upgrade



Valuation (Hist. Mult.)

Upgrade





Advertisement





BOLC One Page Reports


One Page Report

Download





BOLC Analyst Coverage


Consensus Recommendations

Buy Recommendations

Upgrade



Outperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Hold Recommendations

Upgrade



Underperform Recommendations

Upgrade



Sell Recommendations

Upgrade


Target Price

Price


                1.00
                
            


Price Target

Upgrade







Edit


 Profile

URL: http://www.bollentecompanies.com
Investor Relations URL: N/A
HQ State/Province: Arizona
Sector: Technology
Industry: Consumer Electronics
Next Earnings Release: N/A
Last Earnings Release: N/A
Next Ex-Dividend Date: N/A
Last Ex-Dividend Date: N/A
Description: Bollente
Companies Inc is a development stage company. The Company manufactures and sells
of quality, whole-house, electric tankless water heater. Its products include Trutankless, truCirc, Vero and among others.



BOLC Comparables

Edit









                                        KOSS
                                    


                                    Koss
                                




                                        MSN
                                    


                                    Emerson Radio
                                




                                        UEIC
                                    


                                    Universal Electronics
                                




                                        SMDM
                                    


                                    Singing Machine Co
                                




                                        KODK
                                    


                                    Eastman Kodak
                                




                                        LOGG
                                    


                                    LifeLogger Technologies
                                







BOLC Excel Add-In Codes

Name: =YCI("BOLC","name")
Description: =YCI("BOLC","description")
Sector: =YCI("BOLC","sector")
Industry: =YCI("BOLC","industry")
Est. Current Fiscal Year End: =YCI("BOLC","fye")

To find the codes for any of our financial metrics, see our Complete Reference of Metric Codes.
Access our powerful Excel Add-in with a YCharts Professional Membership. Learn More.


Other BOLC Resources

13F Filings Whale Wisdom
Call Transcripts Seeking Alpha
Insider Trading Morningstar
Institutional Ownership Nasdaq
SEC Filings SEC
BOLC Tweets Stocktwits



Advertisement






















{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            
































 























 



 Bollente Companies, Inc. granted significant patent for its award-winning trutankless® smart water 
         










    










 













 











 



















Bollente Companies, Inc. granted significant patent for its award-winning trutankless® smart water heaters
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Bollente Companies, Inc.  
Jun 21, 2016, 08:05 ET









 Share this article



























































PHOENIX, June 21, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Bollente Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: BOLC) announced today that the company was granted 32 patent claims protecting its technology (U.S. Pat. No. 9,341,391), and that several new claims are now pending on the technology related to the company's provisional patent filings in 2013. The main claims of the patent were published by the US Patent and Trademark Office on May 17th, 2016 and represent key advancements which are driving demand among builders, remodelers and plumbing professionals around the world for the company's trutankless products.


Recently featured as a water saving device in Consumer Reports' Top 5 Remodeling Trends for 2016 write-up, Bollente's multi-award winning tankless water heating technology was also named "Best of Houzz 2016" representing a repeat of last year's success among Houzz.com's 40,000,000 homeowners.
Users can control the unit with a smart device using the trutankless app which is now available for download for Apple's iOS in the iTunes app store and for Android operating systems in the Google Play store. "We're pleased to announce that the 'World's Smartest Water Heater' is now even more user-friendly and efficient, thanks to innovations in our technology and engineering," said Michael Stebbins, president of trutankless.
Stebbins continued, "We have several new patent claims pending which we believe will keep Bollente at the forefront of the industry. The patents recently granted ensure that trutankless will continue to be in position to gain market share as older technologies fall by the wayside." 
The first-generation trutankless unit debuted at the IBS show in 2014, where it was named "Best Home Technology Product." Since then, the product has captured a multitude of accolades for its forward-thinking technology and energy efficiency. In late 2015, the company announced its international expansion to the United Kingdom and throughout Europe, Asia, Dubai, Australia and New Zealand.
The Bollente team will showcase its smart trutankless electric tankless water heater line at the Pacific Coast Builders' Conference June 21 through 23, 2016 at the Moscone Center in San Francisco (booth #132). This is the third year trutankless will make an appearance at the show, where industry buyers and key decision makers will find trutankless featured in the 2016 PCBC High Performance Home Showcase.
About trutankless:
Hot water. Perfected. Packed with patented and patent-pending proprietary technologies, trutankless is engineered to outperform and outlast both its tank and tankless predecessors in energy efficiency, output, and durability.  Not only does it provide endless hot water on demand for an entire household, it also integrates with home automation systems and has its own online control panel, allowing homeowners to control water temperature to within one degree, obtain service notifications, and monitor usage from their computer or mobile devices. Because hot water is such an intimate and essential part of daily life, this is a highly meaningful new "Internet of Things" player in the arena of smart home tech. For a visual demonstration of the tech behind trutankless, please visit http://www.youtube.com/trutankless.
About the Company:
Founded in 2010, trutankless, a division of Bollente Companies, Inc. (OTCQB: BOLC), was brought to life through the combined insight, ingenuity, and drive of industry professionals, engineers, and entrepreneurs.  The objective was to create a line of electric tankless water heaters that far surpasses traditional tank water heaters in energy efficiency, output, dependability and environmental sustainability while overcoming the frustrating drawbacks of other tankless units on the market today. 
The trutankless mission is to efficiently provide hot water on demand by combining smart engineering with forward-thinking technologies that save owners money, energy, and space.  For more information, please visit www.trutankless.com or call 855-TO-BUY-TRU.
Forward-Looking Statement: The statements in this press release regarding any implied or perceived benefits from the release by trutankless of its line of electric tankless water heaters or added key strategic sales and distribution partners are forward-looking statements. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, risks of the key strategic sales and distribution partners ability to sell our product, and effects of legal and administrative proceedings and governmental regulation, especially in a foreign country, future financial and operational results, competition, general economic conditions, and the ability to manage and continue growth.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those indicated. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements we make in this news release include the introduction of new technology, market conditions, and those set forth in reports or documents we file from time to time with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or update such statements to reflect current events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bollente-companies-inc-granted-significant-patent-for-its-award-winning-trutankless-smart-water-heaters-300287629.html
SOURCE  Bollente Companies, Inc.  Related Links

http://www.bollente.com




 
















Jan 09, 2017, 08:05 ET
Preview: Second generation of trutankless® smart water heaters to be unveiled at International Builders Show


















Nov 04, 2015, 08:10 ET
Preview: Bollente Companies begins international manufacturing and sales expansion for its trutankless® line of water heaters








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 27, 2017, 08:10 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Bollente Companies Increases Production and Distribution...








 

Apr 11, 2017, 08:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Bollente Companies Increases Presence in Trending Segment of...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Utilities
  Water Utilities
  Environmental Products & Services
New Products & Services
Patent Law








 You just read:
Bollente Companies, Inc. granted significant patent for its award-winning trutankless® smart water heaters


 News provided by
Bollente Companies, Inc.  
Jun 21, 2016, 08:05 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In



















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





































Transform your marketing with Kenshoo.
Discover, engage, convert, retain and grow your audience  to achieve campaign objectives across desktop and mobile.






First Name






Last Name






Company






Email






Job Role






Country

United States
Canada
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte d’Ivoire
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao S.A.R., China
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe






State

Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Military Americas
Military Europe/ME/Canada
Military Pacific
Alberta
Manitoba
British Columbia
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Nova Scotia
Northwest Territories
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon Territory






Industry

Agency
Automotive
Business Services
Computers & Tech
Consumer Apps
Consumer Goods
Education
Finance
Gaming
Government
Health
Media & Entertainment
Multi-Category Advertisers
Online Media
Other
Public Services
Retail
Sports & Rec
Telecommunications
Travel






I am a(n)

Advertiser
Affiliate Marketer
Agency
Press/Reporter
Candidate
Local/SMB/Franchise/Directory Marketing Provider
Other






Channels I am interested in

Search
Social
Display
Mobile
Multi-Channel
N/A






My current ad spend

Under $50K USD per month
$50K-$100K USD per month
$100K-$300K USD per month
$300K-$500K USD per month
$500K-$1M USD per month
$1M+ USD per month
N/A; Just want to chat
Not spending at the moment, but looking to spend
Not spending at the moment, and not looking to spend in the near future
$50-$100K USD per month
Under $100K USD per month

































































Comments












Cross-channel platform directing $350+ billion in annualized client online sales revenue.






Named by Forrester Research, Inc. “The Only Leader” in bid management software and social ad platforms.
Download Reports →














tets.com





Click Here to continue





tets.com





Click Here to continue





tets.com





Click Here to continue





tets.com





Click Here to continue




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 
        Promotional Products & Promotional Items | Pinnacle Promotions    







































 

 800-351-4226 
 Live Chat  













Pinnacle Promotions





Sales & Closeouts







Pinnacle Promotions





All Products






Apparel
Polo Shirts
T-Shirts
Dress Shirts
more >


Bags
Drawstring Bags
Tote Bags
Reusable Grocery Bags
more >


Drinkware
Tumblers
Coffee Mugs
Insulated Mugs
more >


Pens
Ballpoint Pens
Click Pens
Stylus
more >

 


Hats
Caps
Fashion Hats
Visors
more >


Tradeshow Essentials
Apparel
Giveaways
Bags & Totes
more >


Technology
Power Banks
Flash Drives
Mobile Accessories
more >


Outdoor
Sunglasses and Accessories 
Coolers
Towels
more >

 


Health & Beauty
Personal
First Aid
Fitness & Wellness
more >


Home and Office
Office Accessories
Note Pads and Cubes
Calendars
more >


Giveaways
Stress Balls
Keychains
Buttons & Badges
more >


Gifts
Seasonal
Corporate Gifts
Corporate Awards
more >

 

Journals and Padfolios
Tradeshow Display
Automotive
Toys
Food and Beverage
Awards
 



Shop By Industry
Education
Financial
Healthcare
Manufacturing
Non-Profits & Associations
Professional Services
Technology
Marketing and Advertising
Travel and Hospitality
Construction


Shop by Brand
Leeds
Bic
Nike
Brookstone

 





Apparel




Apparel


T-Shirts
Short Sleeve
Long Sleeve


Polo Shirts
Cotton
Golf/Sport Performance


Dress Shirts
Long Sleeve
Short Sleeve

 


Outerwear
Fleece
Vests
Lightweight
Winter


Sweaters


Sweatshirts
Hooded
Crewneck

 


Tank Tops


Mock & Turtlenecks


Uniforms & Work Wear


Pants & Shorts


Aprons


Flip Flops

 



More Ways To Shop
 Nike Golf
Port Authority
Womens
Youth

 





Hats




Hats


Caps
Structured Caps
Unstructured Caps
Performance Caps
Trucker Caps





Cold Weather Hats


Fashion Hats


Safety Caps and Hats

 


Visors


Other Headwear & Scarves

 



More Ways To Shop
Nike Golf
New Era

 





Bags




Bags


Tote Bags
Trade Show & Event Totes
Cotton Totes
4-Color Process Totes
Top Rated Totes


Backpacks


Briefcases, Laptop & Messenger Bags





Drawstring Bags


Duffel Bags


Luggage & Garment Bags


Luggage Tags & Straps


Paper Bags

 


Personal Accessories


Plastic Bags


Reusable Grocery Bags


Sports


Wine Bags

 



More Ways To Shop
Bags That Get Noticed
Leed's
Rush Production

 





Drinkware




Drinkware


Travel, Thermos & Insulated Mugs
Plastic
Stainless Steel


Coffee Mugs


Tumblers
Plastic
Stainless Steel





Bottles
Water & Sports Bottles
BPA Free
Fruit & Tea Infusers
Filtered
Blender Bottles


Plastic & Stadium Cups


Paper & Foam Cups

 


Beer Mugs & Glasses


Wine & Cocktail Glasses


Drinkware Gift Sets


Can Coolers

 



More Ways To Shop
Stainless Steel
Leed's
CamelBak
Rush Production

 





Home & Office




Home


Bar Products


Blankets and Throws


Gardening


Home Decor


Pet Accessories


Picture Frames





Kitchen Accessories
Chip Clips
Cutting Boards
Food Storage
Jar Openers
Napkins
Oven Mitts & Pads
Utensils & Gadgets


Tools
Knives
Multi Tool
Screwdriver
Tape Measure

 
 

Office


Calendars
Wall Calendars
Desktop Calendars


Clocks


Desk Accessories


Journals & Jotters





Mouse Pads


Note Pads & Cubes
Note Cubes
Note Pads
Sticky Flags


Notebooks & Notepads


Portfolios & Padfolios
Leather
Faux Leather
Leed's

 
 





Outdoors




Outdoors


Beach Balls & Games


Chairs


Coolers


Fans


Flashlights


Flying Discs





Golf
Golf Balls
Golf Kits
Golf Tees
Golf Towels
Golf Umbrellas


Grill / BBQ Sets


Ponchos

 


Sunglasses


Team Spirit


Towels
Beach Towels
Rally Towels
Fitness Towels


Umbrellas

 



More Ways To Shop
Fun Runs, Races, and Walks
Igloo Coolers

 





Pens




Pens


Ballpoint Pens


Blue Ink Pens


Click Pens


Executive Pens





Gel Pens


Highlighters & Markers


Multifunction Pens


Pen Sets

 


Pencils


Rollerball Pens


Stylus Pens


Unique Pens

 



More Ways To Shop
Bic
Paper Mate
Sharpie
Cross
Leed's Executive Pens

 





Technology




Technology


USB Flash Drives


Power Banks


Computer Hubs & Adapters


Computer & Desk Accessories


Cord Organizers





Headphones & Earbuds


Mobile
Mobile & Wall Adapters
Mobile Phone Accessories
Mobile Phone Cases
Mobile Phone Stands


Portable Speakers, Docks & Radios

 


Screen Cleaners & Cloths


Stylus


Tablet Cases & Stands


Tech Bundles


Travel Tech

 



More Ways To Shop
MFI Certified Products
Technology Gifts
Brookstone
UL Listed Tech
Bluetooth

 





Ideas

New & Unique
Best Sellers
Win the Trade Show
Corporate Apparel Programs
Employee Wellness
Employee Onboarding Kits
Fun Runs, Races and Walks
Brand New Apparel
Bags That Get Noticed
Tech Picks
inFusion Apparel
Camo Products

Looking for ideas?Get custom suggestions emailed to you! >




Industries

Technology
Healthcare
Education
Marketing & Advertising Services
Manufacturing
Professional Services
Non-Profit/Associations/Clubs
Construction
Banking/Finance
Travel & Hospitality



Deals



DEALS &PROMOTIONS
Limited Time Offers
Shop Now >


UP TO70% OFF 
Sales & Closeout Items
Shop Now >


Receive special offers via email.
Create Account >








Call Us: 800-351-4226
Live Chat




























  Top Searches                       Sunglasses Chargers & Power Banks Sunscreen & Lip Balm T-shirts Koozies & Can Coolers Stress Balls   Quick Links                       New Products Giveaways Under $3 Trade Shows Sales & Closeouts 1-3 Day Rush Production   Spotlight Shops                       Nike Products YETI® & Similar Items Golf Products Fidget Spinners & Cubes                           
















Quick View





Best Selling Promotional Products & Branded Apparel



 
 Rubberized Custom Sunglasses


# 4000
Minimum: 150






$0.84 - $1.04


 
 Magnetic Memo Holder Promotional Paper Clip


# SM-3266
Minimum: 500






$0.58 - $0.69


 
 Promotional Polyester Cinch Pack - 14" x 18"


# 3071
Minimum: 100






$1.27 - $1.56

 


See all Best Sellers >







The Pinnacle Difference

            For a successful business, every impression is important.
            Every trade show. Every client appreciation gift. Every promotional giveaway.
Here's how we shine.





                    Get it fast.
                

                    Thousands of products ship within 24 hours of art approval.
                




                    Get it right.
                

                    Your order will arrive on-time and exactly as requested. Guaranteed.
                




                    Be confident.
                

                    If you find a lower price on a product that you purchased, we'll match it!
                




                    Be creative.
                

                    Looking for ideas? IdeaKits™ match the right products to your brand.
                



Learn more >







Make The Right Impression™

            For over 20 years, we've helped thousands of companies and organizations Make the right impression
            with the effective use of promotional products and branded apparel.
Our reviews speak for themselves.


Trust our customers.

"Best Promo Experience EVER!"
"Outstanding Customer Service!"
"Fantastic product, great price, and the best in customer support"
"Amazing!!!"







"Best promotional items companyI've ever worked with!"
"Very fast, easy ordering, on-time delivery!"
"Friendly, professional, and helpful staff"
"Quality service with extra attention"



See more customer reviews >


We work with the best.


"Pinnacle Promotions never ceases to amaze me..."
Grant G., The Coca-Cola Company



"Pinnacle has set the benchmark for promotional vendors..."
Bart K., Emory University



"Pinnacle is dependable, creative, and a valued partner of our brand."
Lucy K., Sperry, Inc.



See more testimonials >







Promotional Products Work


Connect with your customers
We're always trying to improve our connections with our customers and clients, and there are few more effective ways to do that than with promotional items.
Look at your desk.
There's that promotional pen your accounting firm gave you when you first met with them. It's your favorite pen. Consciously or not, you associate the good feelings of "effective" and "does its job well" with that accounting firm every time you use the promo pen. When you give quality logo pens to your customers, they'll associate the quality with your brand.
The pen is probably sitting on top of a promotional notebook you got from your marketing agency. The nice paper and high-quality construction invite you to keep your best creative ideas in that branded notebook. And the agency is top of mind when you do. Custom journals and logo notebooks make fantastic pieces of an executive gift pack, and encourage your customers to be more creative and more organized.
Behind the notebook is a promotional coffee mug you were given by your business coach when you started this company. Every morning to start your day, you clear your head and remind yourself of the lessons she taught you while you literally hold her brand in your hand. Giving coffee mugs with your logo to your clients puts your brand on their desk every day.
Promo products create connections between your brand and your customers. Give them the right branded products, from promotional office items to custom t-shirts and custom logo hats, and your clients will keep them for a long time, making impressions every day.


Engage your employees
Promotional products and branded apparel items are great for external marketing, but when implemented properly they're just as useful for internal employee engagement efforts.
Consider employee wellness programs — everything from sponsored 5k races, where branded race t-shirts show solidarity and support, to water-drinking challenges, where promotional water bottles come into play. And don't forget custom awards or employee gifts to recognize the participants.
Taking it to the next step, we can create custom branded solutions that keep your employees engaged and optimize your promotional product purchasing. Looking to outfit your team? Whether you're a small restaurant or a multi-location nationwide retail chain, we can coordinate and execute a custom corporate apparel program to keep your team on-brand and in-style with custom t-shirts, branded polo shirts, custom hats, embroidered caps, and more.
Looking to affect employee behavior? We can create a custom incentive portal to track and reward training activities. Want to increase employee participation in corporate events? We can design and build a rewards and recognition portal for employees to log activities and receive branded rewards.
Whether you call them promos, swag, or tchotchkes, promotional products are a vital piece of your company's marketing mix. Finding the best promotional partner is necessary to make the best use of branded items. At Pinnacle Promotions, we help you make the right impression by seeking out the most effective promotional items for your company.








Sign up for emails and receive 10% off your first order*




* $350 minimum order required. $50 maximum discount.



        Get 10% off now!
    

X

You're smart. And fun to be with.
Learn about exclusive salesBe the first to know about new
                        product picksGet 10% off your first order*
            
 

            

*$350 minimum purchase required. $50 maximum discount.



X
You like us. You really like us.
Use promo code: EMAILSAVINGS to save on your first order.
*$350 minimum purchase required. $50 maximum discount. Valid through 12/31/17.



















        Video Title
    

        X
    




















Safety Signs, Labels, Asset Tags, Pipe Markers and PPE | Seton



















 



























JavaScript seem to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.

































                    Shop Our Products                


 

Signs






Traffic and Parking Signs

Traffic Signs

Parking Signs

Parking Lot Signs



                        View More                    



Warehouse Signs

Letters & Numbers

Safety Signs

Injury Prevention Signs



                        View More                    



OSHA Safety Signs

OSHA Header Signs

Roadside & Jobsite Safety Signs

Chemical & HazMat Signs



                        View More                    





Office Signs

Restroom Signs

Facility Signs & Room Numbers

Custom Office Signs & Decals



                        View More                    



Security Signs

Policy Signs

Property Security Signs

No Trespassing/Loitering Signs



                        View More                    



Fire & Exit Signs

Exit Signs

Fire Equipment & Extinguisher Signs

Evacuation Signs



                        View More                    






More Products


Facility Signs


No Smoking Signs


Mining Signs


Specialty Material Signs


Shipping and Truck Signs


Message Boards


Sign Posts and Accessories


Eco-Friendly Safety Signs





                                                        View More                                                    





 



Safety & Security






Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)

Signs

Hand Protection

Eye Protection



                        View More                    



Spill Response and Control

Spill Containment

Sorbents

Spill Kits



                        View More                    



Safety Products

Safety Themed Items

Training Materials

Posters & Wallcharts



                        View More                    





Flammable Storage & Chemical Safety

Signs

Labels

GHS



                        View More                    



First Aid Products

Wound Care

First Aid Kits

Activity Drinks and Coolers



                        View More                    



Lockout Tagout

Padlocks

Lockout Devices

Cabinets and Stations



                        View More                    






More Products


Security Products


Eyewash and Equipment


Badges and ID Management


Confined Space Safety


Seals and Tie Markers


Workplace Safety


Biohazard Response and Control





 



Traffic & Parking Controls






Traffic and Parking Signs

Traffic Signs

Parking Signs

Parking Lot Signs



                        View More                    



Sign Posts, Delineators and Bollards

Bollards

Sign Posts

Delineators



                        View More                    



Pedestrian / Crosswalk Safety

Paddles & Vests

Portable/Moveable Crosswalk Signs & Stands






Traffic Cones & Barricades

Cones & Accessories

Stanchions

Barricades



                        View More                    



Parking Lot Supplies

Pavement Marking

Speed Bumps, Humps & Curbs

Maintenance & Repair



                        View More                    



Forklift Alert Systems




                    View all products                










 



Labels & Decals






OSHA & Safety Labels & Decals

Safety Labels & Decals

Workzone / Jobsite Labels & Decals

OSHA Labels & Decals



                        View More                    



Label Makers, Printers and Supplies




                    View all products                




Shipping & Transportation Labels & Decals

Shipping

Hazardous Materials






Inventory & Inspection Labels & Decals

Inventory

Blank Labels

Calibration Labels



                        View More                    



Custom Labels & Decals

Roll-Form

Tamper-Evident

Harsh Environment



                        View More                    



Specialty Material Labels

ToughWash® Labels







More Products


Label Dispensers & Holders


Parking Decals & Labels


Pipe Marker Labels


Asset ID & Bar Code Labels





 



Pipe Markers & Valve Tags






Pipe Markers

Self-Adhesive Pipe Markers

Snap-Around Pipe Markers

Pipe Marking Arrows and Banding Tape



                        View More                    



Equipment Nameplates

Plastic Equipment Nameplates

Aluminum & Stainless Steel Equipment Nameplates

Brass Equipment Nameplates



                        View More                    



Label Makers & Supplies




                    View all products                






Valve Tags

Brass Valve Tags

Stainless Steel & Aluminum Valve Tags

Plastic & Vinyl Valve Tags



                        View More                    



Custom Pipe Markers




                    View all products                




Pipe Stencils & Supplies




                    View all products                










 



Warehouse, Shipping & Maintenance






Warehouse Supplies

Mats & Carpets

Floor Marking

Bollards and Guards



                        View More                    



Shipping and Transportation Supplies

Labels

Signs

Vehicle Placards



                        View More                    



Janitorial Cleaning Supplies

Restroom Products

Cleaning & Disinfecting Supplies

Trash & Recycling



                        View More                    





Lean Manufacturing Tools

5S

Training Materials

Kanban




Maintenance Tools and Supplies

Hand Tools

Adhesives, Sealants & Tapes

Chemicals, Lubricants & Paints



                        View More                    



Outdoor Furniture, Trash Cans & Bike Rack

Trash Cans & Ash Receptacles

Outdoor Furniture and Fixtures







More Products


Material Handling Equipment


Maintenance Equipment & Janitorial Supplies





 



Tapes






Marking Flags & Tapes

Floor & Aisle Marking Tape

Reflective & Luminous Tape

Anti-Slip & Anti-Skid Tape



                        View More                    



Packing and Shipping Tapes

Packing & Carton Sealing

Custom Printed Shipping Tape




Barricade Tape

Standard Barricade Tape

Custom Barricade Tape






Printer Tapes and Supplies




                    View all products                




Underground Utility Marking Tape




                    View all products                




Pipe Banding Tape




                    View all products                










 



Tags






Blank Tags

Metal Tags

Paper Tags

Plastic Tags



                        View More                    



Parking Tags




                    View all products                




Inventory and Equipment Tags

Paper Tags

Vinyl Tags

Plastic Tags






OSHA and Safety Tags

OSHA Tags

Service Tags

Lockout Tags



                        View More                    



Inspection Tags




                    View all products                




Tag Fasteners and Holders

Envelopes

Tag Holders

Key Tags



                        View More                    






More Products


Custom Tags


Asset Tags


Valve Tags





 



Asset Management






Asset Tags

Preprinted Asset Tags

General Purpose Asset Tags

Metal Asset Tags



                        View More                    



Bar Code Scanners

USB Cabled Scanners

Wireless Scanners




Equipment Nameplates

Aluminum & Stainless Steel Nameplates

Brass Nameplates

Custom Nameplates



                        View More                    





Asset Management Software




                    View all products                




Labels and Label Printers




                    View all products                










 



Label Makers, Printers & Supplies






Desktop Label and Sign Printers & Supplies

BradyJet Color Label Printer & Supplies

Brady BBP30 Label and Sign Printer & Supplies

Brady BBP31 Label and Sign Printer & Supplies



                        View More                    





Portable Printers, Label Makers & Supplies

Brady BMP21 PLUS Label Printer & Supplies

Brady BMP21 LAB Label Printer & Supplies

Brady BMP41 Label Printer & Supplies



                        View More                    









 



Custom Products






Custom Tags

Custom Metal Tags

Custom Paper Tags

Custom Asset ID Tags



                        View More                    



Custom Signs

Custom Optima Signs

Custom Signs for Office

Custom Signs for Facility



                        View More                    



Custom Traffic & Parking Signs

Custom Parking Signs

Custom Traffic Signs

Custom Property Signs



                        View More                    





Custom Labels

Custom OSHA Labels

Custom Harsh Environment Labels

Custom Bar Code Labels



                        View More                    



More Custom Products

Custom Message Boards

Custom Floor Markers

Custom Badges



                        View More                    



Custom Safety & Security Signs

Custom Workplace Signs

Custom Security Signs

Custom OSHA Signs



                        View More                    






More Products


Custom Asset ID Labels


Custom Pipe Markers


Custom Seals


Custom Name Plates


Custom Parking Permits


Custom Valve Tags


Custom Tapes





 




							Sign In						



							Register						











                    Shop Our Products                     




Signs


Safety & Security


Traffic & Parking Controls


Labels & Decals


Pipe Markers & Valve Tags


Warehouse, Shipping & Maintenance


Tapes


Tags


Asset Management


Label Makers, Printers & Supplies


Custom Products



							Sign In						



							Register						




 
Account 

Search:


Search








800-571-2596

  
Live Chat  


0



 


                            Your cart is empty.                        








            $279.00        until 


                Free Shipping            















                     Quick Order

 






Contact Us

 


800-571-2596
M-F 7:30am - 7pm EST
1-800-345-7819
Live Chat
help@seton.com
Request a Quote
Request a Catalog
 



Resource Center





                        My Account                    

 


Sign in to access your account.



Sign In



Register        

 














 


Featured Product Categories 







Label Makers, Printers & Supplies











Lockout Tagout











Pipe Markers & Valve Tags











Signs











Labels & Decals











Traffic & Parking Controls











Warehouse, Shipping & Maintenance











Asset Management











Tapes











Tags















Resource Solutions to Help You Create and Maintain a Safe and Compliant Workplace


Never run out of the essentials again!
Learn More and Save 10%
 




Find the pipe marker you need, quickly and easily.
View Pipe Marker Wizard
  



View safety regulations, buying guides and more!
Click to Learn More

 


Stay Informed: Latest Regulations and Innovative Products


Are you prepared for the new GHS requirements?
Shop GHS Products





CPVC-Code™ Pipe Markers are Here.
Learn More




Browse our new innovative safety products.
Shop new products

 









Signs, Labels, and Solutions for a safer workplace 
Since 1956, Seton has been providing quality signs, labels and solutions for safer workplaces. We offer more than 115,000 products – both online and in our print catalogs – which help increase workplace safety and compliance for our millions of customers around the globe. Our friendly customer service representatives are solution providers with the knowledge and experience to assist you with ordering, product specifications, made-to-order product guidance, regulatory compliance advice and more.

 

 
 










Join Over 100,000 Safety Professionals

Subscribe to receive emails about the latest in safety.







Sign Up















Request a Catalog
Receive our latest catalog for free.
 Get Catalog 



“This was the easiest on-line shopping experience I had and love the live chat option.” - Teri S. 
“I was able to find everything quickly and easily and at better prices.” - Tracey L.

 














800-571-2596


help@seton.com



                            Chat
                       




Follow Us


 




CUSTOMER SERVICE


Contact us
Warranty & Guarantee
Shipping & Returns
Meet the Team


Request a Catalog
Request a Quote
Request a Sample
Submittals
W-9 Form




ACCOUNT

My Account
My Order Status
Password Recovery



ABOUT SETON

About Us
Careers
Global Locations
Suppliers
Affiliate Program



SAFE & SECURE SHOPPING

Security & Privacy Policy
Secure Shopping
Site Map
Terms & Conditions

 








ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES


 








© 2017 Seton - A Brady Corporation Company. All rights reserved. 



Back_to_Top







 
























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































