





Bologna, Thomas A. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Thomas A. Bologna
THOMAS A. BOLOGNA joined Ostex in July 1997 as the company’s
President and Chief Executive Officer and became Chairman of the
Board of Directors in 1999. He has an extensive background as an
accomplished Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer, and
senior executive at a number of well-known private and public
healthcare companies. He was President and Chief Executive
Officer of Scriptgen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Boston-based
biotechnology firm that he built and successfully led through
venture and corporate partnering transactions. Prior to
Scriptgen, Mr. Bologna was Chairman, CEO, and President of Gen-
Probe Incorporated, a leading San Diego-based company that
commercialized genetic probe-based technology for diagnostic and
therapeutic applications. Mr. Bologna took Gen-Probe public and
subsequently sold the company to Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.
of Tokyo, Japan. Before leading Gen-Probe, Mr. Bologna held
several senior level positions with Becton, Dickinson & Company
and Warner Lambert Company. At Becton Dickinson he served as
President of the Diagnostic Instruments Systems Division,
President of the Johnston Laboratories Division, and Vice
President and General Manager of the Hynson Westcott & Dunning
biotechnology unit. At Warner Lambert, Mr. Bologna served as a
Vice President responsible for the marketing, sales and R&D
functions, as well as the Asia Pacific profit center for the
Scientific Instrument Division. Mr. Bologna received his BS from
the New York University School of Engineering and Science and his
MBA from New York University Graduate School of Business
Administration (Stern School of Management).
Related Interviews:Thomas Bologna - Ostex International Inc (ostx)March 18, 2002Thomas Bologna - Ostex International Inc (ostx)August 06, 2001Thomas Bologna - Ostex International Inc (ostx)October 09, 2000Thomas A. Bologna -  Ostex International Inc (ostx)June 26, 1998







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google
























Bologna! | CalThomas.com















Skip to main content









 













CalThomas.com


                    Columns and Transcripts                    










HomeColumnsTranscriptsUSA Today ColumnsCommon GroundInfoBook Cal to SpeakFacebook and TwitterArchivesRSS Feeds 











You are hereHome » Transcripts » Bologna!


                  Bologna!                







            by Cal Thomas Tue, 12/1/2015    


CAL THOMAS COMMENTARY DECEMBER 2, 2015


         BOLOGNA IS A PRODUCT NOT USUALLY ASSOCIATED WITH FRENCH FOOD, BUT THIS WEEK IN PARIS, MORE BOLOGNA IS BEING PRODUCED THAN MOST PEOPLE COULD CONSUME IN A LIFETIME. I’M NOT SPEAKING OF THE FOOD WE LIKE IN SADWICHES, BUT THE SO-CALLED “CLIMATE CHANGE SUMMIT” WHICH IS PRODUCING MORE APOCALYPTIC LANGUAGE THAN IS FOUND IN SCRIPTURE.


FRENCH PRESIDENT HOLLANDE SAYS “THE FUTURE OF THE PLANET, THE FUTURE OF LIFE” IS AT STAKE.


         THIS IS ALL ABOUT MORE GOVERNMENT CONTROL OVER OUR LIVES. THERE IS PLENTY OF SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE THAT DISPROVES THE CLAIMS OF THE GLOBAL WARMING ALARMISTS, BUT THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA SUPPRESS IT BECAUSE TO THEM GOVERNMENT IS GOD, NO MATTER HOW MANY TIMES THEIR DEITY FAILS TO RECIPROCATE THEIR FAITH.


         A NEW FILM PREMIERES IN PARIS NEXT WEEK. IT’S CALLED “CLIMATE HUSTLE.” I URGE YOU TO SEE IT SHOULD IT APPEAR IN A THEATER NEAR YOU, OR POSSIBLY ONLINE AT CLIMATEDEPOT.COM. IT SHOWS THE FALSE PREDICTIONS OF THE PAST AND PRESENTS SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE THE ALARMISTS ARE BASING PREDICTIONS ON COMPUTER MODELS, NOT ACTUAL MEASUREMENTS. HAVE A BOLOGNA SANDWICH FOR LUNCH, BUT DON’T CONSUME THE BOLOGNA COMING OUT OF PARIS. I’M CAL THOMAS.

 










Order Cal's New Book

WHAT WORKS - Common Sense Solutions for a Stronger America*click for full "What Works" book article
	Order @ Amazon and Barnes & Noble.*Hard Cover, MP3, Audiobook and more.




Columns by Cal Thomas




 Porking Out With Our Money 
 Wed, 7/19/2017 
 
	 
...  

 Reagan Re-Visited 
 Mon, 7/17/2017 
 
	Here’s Ronnie!


	By Cal Thomas


	Tribune Content Agency


	“The more things change, the more they stay the same.”(French proverb)


	While scanning YouTube videos, I came across an appearance by Ronald...  

 Saving Charlie Gard 
 Tue, 7/11/2017 
 
	The state is not God


	By Cal Thomas


	Tribune Content Agency


	Anyone looking for another reason not to leave life-and-death issues to the state need look no further than the conflict between the British government and the parents of 11-month-old...  

 Trump's Warsaw Speech 
 Mon, 7/10/2017 
 
	President Trump’s vision


	By Cal Thomas


	Tribune Content Agency


	“Where there is no vision, the people perish…” (Proverbs 29:18)


	In 1987 when he was contemplating a...  

 
1 of 85
next ›

 


USA Today Columns




 Keep Donna 
 Fri, 7/29/2016 
 
	Donna Brazile should stay as DNC boss:

	She's smart, funny, attractive and a genuine good person.
  

 A "Presidential" Speech 
 Thu, 6/23/2016 
 
	Trump thumps Hillary: looking more presidential than ever.
  

 Riots Help Trump 
 Wed, 5/25/2016 
 
	Echos of 1968 play right into the hands of a demagogue.

	Could the riots outside rallies for Donald Trump like the one Tuesday night in New Mexico put Donald Trump in the White House?
  

 
1 of 2
next ›

 



 Amazon.com Widgets 














^ Up to Top










 




HOME | 
                COLUMNS | 
                TRANSCRIPTS | 
                COMMON GROUND | 
                INFO
                ©2017                     CAL THOMAS
                 P.O. Box 7065, Arlington, VA 22207 
  
Web Development & IT Services by WebKor




 










Thomas A. Bologna — Galen Partners
























































 










     Thomas A. Bologna
      Special Investment Partner
       




Email Thomas

   

  phone: 203-653-6400

     

  Mr. Wesson joined Galen in 1991 after serving as a Senior Vice President and Managing Director in the Corporate Finance Division at Smith Barney, where he worked for over 23 years.

  During his tenure at Smith Barney, Mr. Wesson directed the Major Account Group and was Senior Managing Director in charge of the East Coast region. Mr. Wesson was also Chairman of the Valuation and Opinion Committee for Corporate Finance. In this capacity, he was ultimately responsible for all of the valuation and opinions given by Smith Barney.

  Mr. Wesson currently serves on the Board of Directors of MedAssets (Vice Chairman), Derma Sciences, Acura Pharmaceuticals, and TPS. Mr. Wesson is a past trustee of Colgate University for nine years and had served as President of Colgate’s Alumni Corporation Board of Directors. He also serves as Chairman of the Board of the Overlook Hospital Foundation.

  He earned a B.A. from Colgate University and a M.B.A. from Columbia University’s Graduate School of Business.

Thomas A. Bologna is an experienced Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer in leading public, venture and private equity backed diagnostic, pharmaceutical, device and clinical laboratory testing healthcare companies including turnarounds and start-ups, many of which he sold and/or took public.  Mr. Bologna was Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Response Genetics, Inc., a clinical laboratory company, President and Chief Executive Officer of Orchid Cellmark, Inc., a leading DNA testing services company with operations in the United States and Europe, President and Chief Executive Officer of Quorex Pharmaceuticals, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ostex International, Inc., a company that developed and commercialized products for the therapeutic management of osteoporosis and Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gen-Probe, Incorporated, a highly successful molecular diagnostics company.   Mr. Bologna also held senior level positions of highly profitable healthcare divisions and subsidiaries of Fortune 500 companies including President of the Becton Dickinson Diagnostic Instrument Systems Division.  He was also a founder and member of the Sponsoring Committee of the venture capital firm, Mission Ventures.Mr. Bologna received his B.S. from the New York University School of Engineering and Science and his M.B.A. from the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration.    









































What The Heck Is In Bologna, Anyway? | HuffPost































































Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close


















TASTE



10/24/2013 09:23 am ET
|

Updated
Jan 08, 2015



What The Heck Is In Bologna, Anyway?


















Getty









370















88










We wanted to do a little demystification on one of America's favorite lunch meats. What is bologna, anyway? As we took to Google to decipher exactly what you wanted to know most about bologna, we realized that you had some fairly normal questions and also some... rather... irregular ones. 

All totally reasonable. 

Wait, cats? Dogs? Are that many of you considering sharing your bologna sandwiches with your pets? 

Sorry. Did you say cake? We tried to get to the bottom of these. Without further ado, your five most burning bologna questions answered.






1
Where Does Bologna Come From?





Getty


Bologna comes from Bologna -- Italy, that is. Although if you ask for bologna there, no one will know what you are talking about. What you'll end up with is mortadella, the Italian godfather of American "baloney." Mortadella is a thick Italian sausage, flecked with bits of fat, peppercorns and sometimes pistachios. Mortadella is to bologna as fresh, roasted turkey on Thanksgiving is to sliced turkey lunchmeat. 






2
Why Doesn't American Bologna Look Like Mortadella?





Getty


For bologna made and commercially sold in the US, like hot dogs which are lumped into the same category, the USDA says the product must be comminuted (or reduced to minute particles). That means you can't be able to recognize any flecks of lard, spices, etc. in your bologna, and it must be uniform. That's right, meat paste.






3
What's In Bologna?





Getty


Usually pork, sometimes beef, sometimes both. Bologna is a sausage, so it starts as a blend of meat, fat, salt and spices, which are then stuffed into a casing and smoked. Companies that produce bologna tend be very cagey about their ingredient list, since the "trimmings" that go into it occasionally come from parts of the animal that make people want to faint. They are also protective of their particular blend of spices (which are conveniently allowed to just be listed as "spices" on nutrition labels).Most mortadella and bologna are seasoned with some blend of the following: black pepper, myrtle berries, nutmeg, allspice, celery seed and coriander. If you just thought to yourself, "oh, pickling spices," you'd be exactly right. Except for the myrtle berry which is the wildcard that gives bologna that recognizable je ne sais quoi.If you don't believe me, go get yourself a bottle of Mirto, a traditional Sardinian digestif made from myrtle berries and tell me it doesn't kind of taste like bologna. 






4
Is Bologna Healthy?





Flickr: stu_spivack


Well, no. It is as healthy for you as any sausage, which is blend of animal fat and meat with salt, spices and preservative agents. I am sorry to report that one of the best ways to eat bologna happens to be fried, which I'd actually endorse at least once. Go big or go home, right? 
It does appear that most commercial bologna is gluten-free, if you're into that kind of thing. I'm not sure why it wouldn't be, but a lot of you seemed to want to know. I WOULD endorse using bologna as a substitute for gluten-free bread, however.






5
What Is Bologna Cake?





Imgur: rsnbl_man


Um, this is bologna cake. What are you guys even doing over there? 


Want to read more from HuffPost Taste? Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and Tumblr. 











ALSO ON HUFFPOST:






Swedish Sandwich Cakes







Swedish Sandwich Cakes









Swedish Sandwich Cakes
























1


of

11



Salmon, Egg And Shrimp Sandwich Cake
Get the Swedish Sandwich Cake recipe by Panini Happy

A creatively decorated savory cake, this recipe shows you how to bake the bread (which is just like you would a cake) and how to layer the cake with step by step photos.


Share this slide:




















Kathy Strahs/PaniniHappy.com












MORE:

National Bologna Day


Baloney Meat


Bologna Day


What Is Baloney


Bologna




































































Subscribe to the Lifestyle email.
All the meal hacks and indulgent snacks. You’re welcome.













































What The Heck Is In Bologna, Anyway?




370












88




















CONVERSATIONS



































































 



St. Thomas Aquinas in Bologna posters & prints by Otto van Veen















































☰ Menu

Images
Products








Log in

Basket: 0 items












Popular
Subjects
Artists
Collections


Prints
Canvases
Postcards
Greetings cards
Gift cards
















Fine art poster







Framed picture







Canvas







Postcard







Greetings card














St. Thomas Aquinas in Bologna

Otto van Veen



Fine art poster
More products…



Amazing giclée print quality
280gsm thick fine art print paper
100+ year colour guarantee

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Fine art poster / XS: 35.5 x 28cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / S: 40 x 30cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / M: 50 x 40cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / L: 70 x 50cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / XL: 80 x 60cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / XXL: 100 x 70cm / none
                      

                        Fine art poster / XXXL: 120 x 100cm / none
                      




£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    












Framed picture
More products…



Premium wooden frame with a thick bevel-cut mount
Fully strung, ready-to-hang
100+ year colour guarantee

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Framed picture / XS: 35.5 x 28cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / S: 40 x 30cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / M: 50 x 40cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / L: 70 x 50cm / none
                      

                        Framed picture / XL: 100 x 70cm / none
                      



Select a frame


Black frame
White frame
Natural frame
Dark brown frame
Gold frame
Silver frame





£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    













Canvas
More products…



400gsm artist grade cotton
Giclée fine art print
100+ year colour guarantee
European kiln-dried knotless pine

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Canvas / XS: 30cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / S: 40cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / M: 60cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / L: 80cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / XL: 100cm / Stretched
                      

                        Canvas / XS: 30cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / S: 40cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / M: 60cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / L: 80cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / XL: 100cm / Float frame
                      

                        Canvas / XS: 30cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / S: 40cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / M: 60cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / L: 80cm / Rolled
                      

                        Canvas / XL: 100cm / Rolled
                      



Select a frame


Black float frame
White float frame
Brown float frame





£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    














Postcard
More products…



Printed on 320gms thick watercolour paper
Blank reverse for your own message

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / Single
                      

                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 16-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / Single
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Postcard / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 16-pack
                      




£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    












Greetings card
More products…



Printed on 320gms thick watercolour paper
Blank inside for your own message
Supplied with envelopes & protective cellophane sleeves

    Dimensions:
    

 x cm overall ( x in)


 x cm image ( x in)







                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / Single
                      

                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Standard: 14.8 x 10.5cm / 16-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / Single
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 4-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 8-pack
                      

                        Greetings card / Large: 21 x 14.8cm / 16-pack
                      




£14.95Special offer

                      Was .
                      You save £-14.95 (Liquid error: divided by 0%).
                    

















Fine art poster







Framed picture







Canvas







Postcard







Greetings card





Image information









Add to wishlist


















Share on Twitter





Close




Our prints
We use a 280gsm fine art paper and premium branded inks to create the perfect reproduction.Our expertise and use of high-quality materials means that our print colours are independently verified to last between 100 and 200 years.Read more about our fine art prints.


Our framed prints
Every framed picture is created by hand in our workshop by specialist framers.Black, white, brown, silver, gold or natural frames available, supplied ready to hang.All our frames have a smooth satin finish, and measure 20mm (front face) by 23mm (depth from wall).Read more about our framed art prints.


Our canvases
Luxurious 400gsm artist-grade canvas with a subtle textured finish, guaranteeing a consistent reproduction of the image's detail with outstanding clarity and precision.All our frames and canvas stretcher bars are created from a solid piece of pine sourced from sustainable European forests.Read more about our canvas prints


Our postcards
Send to your friends & family, or keep them for yourself - our 320gsm postcards make great little pieces of art, either on their own or combine many cards into a single display.Discounts on postcard packs of 4, 8 or 16.Standard postcards are 10 x 15cm (4 x 6 inches); our larger cards are 15 x 21cm (6 x 8 inches).


Our greetings cards
Send some art to your friends & family - for a birthday, an invitation or just because.All greetings cards are supplied blank for your own message with a blank white envelope.Standard greetings cards are 10 x 15cm (4 x 6 inches); our larger cards are 15 x 21cm (6 x 8 inches).


Manufactured in the UK
All products are created in our Surrey print factory in the UK, and we are the trusted printing partner of many high profile and respected art galleries and museums.We are proud to have produced over 1 million prints for hundreds of thousands of customers.


Delivery & returns
We print everything to order so delivery times may vary but
        all unframed prints are despatched within 2-4 days via courier or recorded mail.
all framed pictures are despatched within 5-7 days via courier or recorded mail.
all canvases are despatched within 5-7 days via courier or recorded mail.
all postcards are despatched within 1-3 days.
all greetings cards are despatched within 1-3 days.

Delivery to the UK is
        £5 for an unframed print of any size.
£10 for a single framed print.
£10 for a single canvas (£5 for our rolled canvases).
£1 for a single card, up to £4 for a pack of 16.
£1 for a single card, up to £4 for a pack of 16.

We will happily replace your order if everything isn’t 100% perfect.



Product images of  St. Thomas Aquinas in Bologna













































Product details St. Thomas Aquinas in Bologna


St. Thomas Aquinas in Bologna

Otto van Veen

St. Thomas Aquinas in Bologna, Egbert van Panderen, Otto van Veen, 1610


Image ref: LCK_20160919_0475
Liszt Collection





Find related images


zoom


Discover more

More by the artist 






Otto van Veen.


Explore the collection
      
        Liszt Collection.
      
      


Search for similar fine art prints

1610
arkheia
Bologna
Egbert van Panderen
engraving
gravures anciennes
Kupferstich-Kabinett
old master prints
St Thomas Aquinas





Products for St. Thomas Aquinas in Bologna






Fine art poster







Framed picture







Canvas







Postcard







Greetings card








Recently viewed


Clear history































QTNT Thomas A. Bologna Insider Trades for Quotient Ltd.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Quotient Ltd.

                  NASDAQ: QTNT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Quotient Ltd.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


QTNT

/quotes/zigman/30312597/composite


$
5.86




Change

-0.0012
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 2,690
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/30312597/composite
Previous close

$
			6.16
		


$
				5.86
			
Change

-0.30
-4.87%





Day low
Day high
$5.79
$6.33










52 week low
52 week high

            $3.75
        

            $8.64
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Thomas A. Bologna



Mr. Thomas A. Bologna is Independent Director at Quotient Ltd. He is on the Board of Directors at Quotient Ltd. and Quotient Biodiagnostics, Inc. 
Mr. Bologna was previously employed as Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by Response Genetics, Inc., President, CEO, Director & Head-Investor Relations by Orchid Cellmark, Inc., President, Chief Executive Officer & Director by Quorex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer by Ostex International, Inc., a Principal by Healthcare Venture Associates, President, Chief Executive Officer & Director by Scriptgen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer by Gen-Probe, Inc., President-Diagnostic Instrument Systems Division by Becton, Dickinson & Co., and VP-Marketing, Sales, Research & Development by Warner-Lambert Co. He also served on the board at Aperio Technologies, Inc., Special Diversified Opportunities, Inc. and Cylex, Inc. 
He received his undergraduate degree from New York University and an MBA from New York University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/31/2016
1,291


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


01/22/2015
40,029


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Paul  Cowan 
Chairman, CEO & Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Edward  Farrell 
Co-President




Mr. Jeremy  Stackawitz 
Co-President




Mr. Christopher J. Lindop 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. John  Allan 
Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Roland W. Boyd 
Treasurer & Controller




Dr. John  Wilkerson 
Independent Director




Mr. Frederick Stanislaus Hallsworth 
Independent Director




Mr. Zubeen  Shroff 
Independent Director




Mr. Brian  McDonough 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas A. Bologna 
Independent Director




Ms. Sarah A. O'Connor 
Independent Director




Mr. Heino  von Prondzynski 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:33 PM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:12pTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
5:08pLawmakers reach deal on Russia sanctions bill: reports
5:00pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:30pYou can date someone who looks just like Donald Trump with this new online service 
3:29pWant to buy happiness? Splurge on these 5 things
3:28pThis is what people really buy when they emotionally overspend (hint: it’s not designer clothes)
2:40pJohn McCain is a war hero — but think twice before saying he’s ‘battling’ cancer 
2:38pThe dark side of cruises
2:37pI want to buy my brothers out of our family home — but they want me to pay (future) sales fees
2:35pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:34pNot even free money can make some people go to the gym 
2:34pHow real-estate TV shows determine what buyers look for in a house
2:34pWhat Eleanor Roosevelt and Helen Gurley Brown ate — and what we can learn from it 
2:33pNote to parents: This social network was rated the worst for teenage cyberbullying
2:33pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly quit your job — what should you do next?
2:32pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
2:32p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
2:26pU.S. giving takeover bids by Chinese firms much tougher look
1:13pJared Kushner discloses dozens of additional assets in revised filing
12:51pBitcoin surges as miners avert split for now
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































	Response Genetics Inc Names Thomas A Bologna Chairman and CEO













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Response Genetics, Inc. Names Thomas A. Bologna Chairman and CEO  











Tweet








12/22/2011 6:46:22 AM


LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Response Genetics, Inc. (the “Company” or “Response Genetics”) announced today that its Board of Directors (the “Board”) has appointed Thomas A. Bologna as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), effective as of December 21, 2011. Mr. Bologna was also elected a member and Chairman of the Board, succeeding Kirk K. Calhoun as Chairman. Mr. Calhoun, who will remain a member of the Board, was elected to the newly created position of Lead Director. Denise McNairn, who had been serving as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis since July 22, 2011, will continue to serve as the Company’s Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary.

Mr. Calhoun said: “We are delighted to announce Tom’s appointment as Chairman and CEO given his proven leadership abilities and his extensive experience in the biotechnology industry. He is the ideal leader for Response Genetics as we seek to accelerate the sales and growth of our existing product lines, achieve new research breakthroughs and improve our financial performance.” 

Mr. Bologna said: “I am excited to become Chairman and CEO of Response Genetics, which I believe has great potential. I look forward to working with all of our dedicated employees and the Board, as well as reaching out to our shareholders, partners and other stakeholders. With our collective efforts, I believe Response Genetics can become a leading life sciences company while helping the fight against cancer.” 

From April 2006 until joining Response Genetics, Mr. Bologna served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Orchid Cellmark, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed corporation and a leading service provider of DNA identity testing. Prior to joining Orchid Cellmark, Mr. Bologna was President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of the venture-backed Quorex Pharmaceuticals, Inc., where he orchestrated a successful sale to Pfizer Inc. Prior to leading Quorex, Mr. Bologna was Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ostex International, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed biotechnology company that developed and commercialized disease management products with a focus on osteoporosis. Mr. Bologna oversaw the sale of Ostex to Alere Inc. (formally Inverness Medical Innovations). 

Mr. Bologna’s prior experience includes serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of Scriptgen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Boston biotechnology start-up company. Before leading Scriptgen, Mr. Bologna was Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Gen-Probe, Incorporated, a global leader in the development, manufacture and marketing of molecular diagnostic products. He led Gen-Probe through its initial public offering on NASDAQ and oversaw its subsequent sale to Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Mr. Bologna has also held senior-level positions with Becton Dickinson & Company and Warner-Lambert Company (Pfizer), two leading Fortune 500 healthcare companies. Mr. Bologna served as President of the Becton Dickinson Diagnostic Instrument Systems Division and as a Vice President of the Warner-Lambert Company. 

In connection with Mr. Bologna’s appointment as CEO and Chairman, Mr. Bologna and the Company have entered into an employment agreement, pursuant to which, and in reliance on NASDAQ Listing Rule 5636(c), the Company has agreed to grant him (i) a stock option to purchase 600,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, which vests monthly over 36 months from the date of grant, subject to his continued employment with the Company, (ii) a stock option to purchase 300,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, which vests in two equal installments on the first day of the 18th and 36th calendar months from the date of grant, subject to his continued employment with the Company, or if earlier, the date on which the 30-day trailing average closing price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $1.80 and (iii) 270,000 shares of restricted common stock of the Company, which vest on the date on which the 30-day trailing average closing price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $2.40. The exercise price of the stock options is $1.20 per share—the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the day prior to the date of grant. Upon a termination of employment by the Company without “cause,” by Mr. Bologna for “good reason,” or due to Mr. Bologna’s death or disability, Mr. Bologna will receive 24 months of additional vesting credit with respect to his stock options and will have up to five years in which to exercise such stock options. Upon a change in control of the Company, all of Mr. Bologna’s stock options and restricted stock awards will vest in full, and Mr. Bologna will have up to five years in which to exercise such stock options. 

About Response Genetics, Inc.

 Response Genetics, Inc. (“RGI”) is focused on the development and sale of molecular diagnostic tests for cancer. RGI's technologies enable extraction and analysis of genetic information from genes derived from tumor samples stored as formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded specimens. In addition to diagnostic testing services, the Company generates revenue from the sales of its proprietary analytical pharmacogenomic testing services of clinical trial specimens to the pharmaceutical industry. RGI was founded in 1999, and its principal headquarters are located in Los Angeles, California. For more information, please visit http://www.responsegenetics.com. 

Forward-Looking Statement Notice

Except for the historical information contained herein, this press release and the statements of representatives of RGI related thereto contain or may contain, among other things, certain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

Such forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties. Such statements may include, without limitation, statements with respect to the Company’s plans, objectives, projections, expectations and intentions, and other statements identified by words such as “projects,” “may,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans” or similar expressions.

These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the Company’s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those detailed in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results, including, without limitation, actual sales results, if any, or the application of funds, may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are subject to change based on various factors (many of which are beyond the Company’s control). The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

Contacts

Investor Relations Contact:
Trout Group
Michaela Parnell, 646-378-2956
or
Media Relations Contact:
Fleishman-Hillard
Barry Sudbeck, 415-318-4261







                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Response Genetics, Inc. Reports Third Quarter Financial Results and Operational Update  Mouth Swab Detects Zinc Deficiency, University of Florida Study  Response Genetics, Inc. to Release Third Quarter 2011 Financial Results  New Becton, Dickinson and Company (BDX) Veritor™ System for Rapid Detection of Flu A+B Receives 510(k) Clearance and CLIA Waiver  Response Genetics, Inc. Announces Search for New CEO  FluoroPharma Announces Aggregate of $7 Million Capital Raise in 2011  Response Genetics, Inc. to Release Second Quarter 2011 Financial Results  New Device for Rapid, Mobile Detection of Brain Injury, National Institutes of Health (NIH) Study  Response Genetics, Inc. Reports Second Quarter Financial Results and Operational Update  Todd R. Nelson Ph.D. Named President & Chief Executive Officer of Watson Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (WPI)  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Response Genetics, Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Diagnostics



                            •
                            Medical Dev. & Diag. - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























Thomas A. Bologna, Board Dir., Pres., CEO, Orchid Cellmark Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Thomas Bologna 





 


Thomas Bologna

 

Board Dir., Pres., CEO - Orchid Cellmark Inc.

 


Thomas Bologna Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Orchid Cellmark Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.orchid.com 

 

Company Address : 
4390 US Rte. 1, Princeton, NJ,United States, 


 


Thomas Bologna Profile :
Board Dir., Pres., CEO - Orchid Cellmark Inc. 

 


Thomas Bologna Biography :


Thomas A. Bologna joined Orchid Cellmark in April 2006. Mr. Bologna has 25 years of experience in growing diverse life sciences businesses. He was most recently was chief executive officer and president of Quorex Pharmaceuticals, a pre-clinical anti-infective company that he strengthened and reorganized by prioritizing its drug development efforts. Previously, he was chairman, president and chief executive officer of Nasdaq-listed Ostex International, which developed, manufactured and marketed laboratory and point-of-care products for the management of osteoporosis. Mr. Bologna oversaw a revitalization of Ostex, restructuring the company, introducing new products and establishing collaborations with major partners. These achievements set the stage for a later successful merger with Inverness Medical Innovations. Mr. Bologna also achieved a similar success at Gen-Probe Incorporated, where he served as chairman, president and chief executive officer during his seven-year tenure. Mr. Bologna directed its initial public offering, led a turnaround of the company and helped it achieve market leadership in the provision of innovative diagnostic products. Earlier, Mr. Bologna was president of the Diagnostic Instrument Systems and the Johnston Laboratories divisions at Becton Dickinson & Company. He began his career in healthcare at Warner Lambert, where he held positions of increasing responsibility, culminating as vice president of the Scientific Instrument Division of its subsidiary, American Optical Company. Mr. Bologna holds B.S. and M.B.A. degrees from New York University.

 


Thomas Bologna Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Sidney Hecht 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Kenneth Noonan 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


James Beery 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


George Poste 
Chmn. 
Please login 


Nicole Williams 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.



﻿


Thoma's Meat Market


	         
	




Retail                               748 Dinnerbell Road                     

Wholesale
Saxonburg, PA 16056
Phone (724) 352-2020  Fax (724) 352-7650
e-mail: 

thomameat@zoominternet.net
 
 
 




Store Hours


Monday - Thursday
8:00 'till 5:00


Friday
8:00 'till 6:00













































	                                       
	









Smoked Meats


                                                                              
	...where it all started...

Making award winning smoked meats is one of our 
	specialties at Thoma's!  We begin with the freshest hand-cut beef and 
	pork from our own in-house operations.  We do not buy frozen beef or 
	pork or 
	fillers of any kind. Recipes and preparation processes for many of our 
	products have been handed down through the generations.  Spices are 
	critical, which is why we use only the best.  Our exclusive supplier is 
	Con-Yeager spice company in Zelienople, PA. Our Enviro-Pak smokehouses 
	create that perfect appearance and smoked flavor with the right blend of 
	hickory and maple wood chips.  These are a few of the reasons why 
	Thoma's smoked meats are perennial Champions amongst those with 
	discriminating taste (see our Awards Section for details).










                                      
		Ring Bologna

Our small little German town is 
		called Saxonburg.  Therefore, we at Thoma's are known as the
		Home of the Famous Saxonburg Bologna!  
		Our old fashioned gourmet ring bolognas are made from choice cuts of 
		beef and pork.  We have been making Regular and Garlic bologna for 
		65 years, and we have recently added Cheese and Hot to make
		four flavors total.  One 
		taste of our Bologna and you will know why it has been recognized as 
		Grand Champion at the  
		Pennsylvania Association of Meat Processors.








                                    
		Snack Sticks

Smoked Meat Snack Sticks have 
		been a favorite of our customers for many years.   We have six 
		flavors -- all made from high quality and lean beef or pork (even works 
		great with the Atkins diet!), and all are fully cooked.  Pepper, 
		Chili Cheese Burger and Teriyaki are three flavors of beef sticks and 
		Hot, Cheese Smokies and Salsa are three flavors using pork.  Always 
		fresh and flavorful, they are sure to please!

Not sure which is for you?  Stop by for a taste!





                                         
		Ham


Our hams are smoked and fully cooked just for you.  
		These Hams have been winning awards at the Pennsylvania 
		Association of Meat Processors (PAMP) for years (see our Awards 
		section).  They are as easy to fix as can be, and people 
		will think you've been slaving in the kitchen all day long!
		    Choose between:
    -- Boneless Hams, which 
		range from seven to twelve pounds.  This has been Grand
      Champion at PAMP four of the last eight years!  
		It is an amazing ham which is good
      for all occasions.
    -- Semi-Boneless Hams, 
		which range from ten to sixteen pounds.  This ham was Grand
      Champion in 2005.  It will become part of 
		everyone's Easter and Christmas Dinner
      tradition! 








                                      
		Grillers

Grillers are lean, easy and 
		great tasting products that are fully cooked and skinless.  They 
		stay in the bun when you eat 'em, because there are no more tough 
		casings to bite into!  Moms and Dads will love them because they 
		are such an easy but important part of a meal.  Kids will love 
		them because they taste great!  Grillers now come in 3 flavors:
    -- Kolbassi (our best selling Griller),
    -- Kolbassi with Hot Pepper Cheese (want a little extra 
		zip?), and
    -- Hot Sausage Grillers with dehydrated Onions and Green 
		Peppers.

...so easy on the Grill!  (Maybe that's why they are called 
		"Grillers"!!)











                    
		Smoked Turkey and Turkey Breast

Thoma's 
		Turkey Roasts -- both the whole Turkey and the Turkey Breast alone -- 
		are delicious and juicy and as easy as can be.  We start by soaking 
		them in our flavorful brine solution.  We then smoke and fully cook 
		them in our smoke ovens.  Our Turkeys carry a great taste all on 
		their own!  They will be an important part of that special 
		occasion.  The Turkey Breast is also sliced in our Deli as a 
		Premium Lean Gourmet Lunch Meat.

Champion and Grand Champion at PAMP 3 of the last 6 years!








                    
		    Skinless Wieners
		(Thoma's Hot Dogs)

Thoma's 
		Skinless Wieners -- like other Smoked products -- are made of only the 
		highest quality pork and beef cuts.  The result is a wiener that 
		you can quickly pick out from national brands based on looks, 
		consistency or taste.  Our wieners are fully cooked and very 
		lightly smoked for a flavor that is second to none!  Also, there 
		are no tough casings, so our Wieners stay in the bun when you eat them!  
		Know anyone who is not a "Hot Dog Fan" ?  Have them try one of our 
		Skinless Wieners and watch what happens!!

Grand Champion at PAMP in 2006!




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












bologna - Walmart.comSkip to Main ContentmenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroAllAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroShowing 1-20 of 889 resultsleft hand navigation Skip to Next SectionDepartmentsFoodFresh FoodLunch MeatsPrepared FoodsBreakfast & CerealBakingBeveragesCandy & GumGluten-Free FoodsMeal Solutions, Grains & PastaSnacks, Cookies & ChipsSee all FoodHome ImprovementVideo GamesParty & OccasionsJewelryHomeMovies & TVMusic on CD or VinylSports & OutdoorsToysBabyHealthOfficeArts, Crafts & SewingMusical InstrumentsSee all DepartmentsShipping & PickupShow all2-Day ShippingShip to HomeFree Pickup + DiscountFREE PickupBrandOscar MayerBar-SGwaltneySeltzer'sWUNDERBARSchwabLouis RichEckrichKraftJohnsonvilleNEONBLONDPicturesOnGold.comFieldFischer'sKoegel'sCarolina PrideFISCHER PACKINGKunzlerPetit JeanTHUMANNSSee more brandsRefinePrice$ to $GoTop brandsOscar MayerBar-SGwaltneySeltzer'sWUNDERBARStore availabilitySearch your store by entering a zip code or your city or state.GoSortBest matchbest_matchbest_sellerprice_lowprice_highrating_highnewBest matchBest sellersPrice: low to highPrice: high to lowHighest ratingNewSearch Product ResultProduct - Oscar Mayer Bologna Cold Cuts 16 oz. PackProduct ImageProduct TitleOscar Mayer Bologna Cold Cuts 16 oz. PackPriceIn-store purchase onlyProduct TitleOscar Mayer Bologna Cold Cuts 16 oz. PackAverage rating:4.6744out of5stars, based on43reviews(43)ratingsProduct - Bar-S America's Favorite Bologna, 16 ozProduct ImageProduct TitleBar-S America's Favorite Bologna, 16 ozPriceIn-store purchase onlyProduct TitleBar-S America's Favorite Bologna, 16 ozAverage rating:4.2581out of5stars, based on62reviews(62)ratingsProduct - Bar-S Classic Bologna, 5 lbsProduct ImageProduct TitleBar-S Classic Bologna, 5 lbsPriceIn-store purchase onlyProduct TitleBar-S Classic Bologna, 5 lbsAverage rating:4.5455out of5stars, based on11reviews(11)ratingsProduct - Oscar Mayer Beef Bologna, 16.0 OZProduct ImageProduct TitleOscar Mayer Beef Bologna, 16.0 OZPriceIn-store purchase onlyProduct TitleOscar Mayer Beef Bologna, 16.0 OZAverage rating:4.4103out of5stars, based on39reviews(39)ratingsProduct SpecQuality meat, no fillersFully cookedResealable packaging   Already a ShippingPass member? Sign InFree returns online or in-storeNot completely satisfied? We've made returning items as easy as possible.Never worry about minimum ordersOrder as often as you like all year long.Just $49 after your initial FREE trialThe more you use it, the more you save. Cancel your subscription any time.It's free shipping made easyIt's your key to free shipping. Use your subscription to unlock millions more items that ship free. Managing your ShippingPass is easy. Our customer care team is standing by to help you manage your ShippingPass subscription. Look for  Seeing what items qualify for 2-day shipping is easy—they're flagged with the program logo. Featured ShippingPass Products Household  Health Pets Clothing Home Electronics› More Info  OVERVIEW The following is an overview of the ShippingPass Pilot subscription service. You should review the Terms & Conditions for a more detailed description as well as service limitations prior to signing up for ShippingPass. What is ShippingPass and how will it make my life easier? You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! How much does ShippingPass cost?It's just $49 for a whole year of unlimited free shipping after your initial 30-day free trial. Start your free trial now. ELIGIBLE ITEMSWhat products can I order using ShippingPass? We focused on the bestselling products customers like you want most in categories like Baby, Clothing, Electronics and Health & Beauty.  Marketplace items (products not sold by Walmart.com), and items with freight charges are not eligible for ShippingPass.How do I know which products qualify for ShippingPass?Just look for  next to the item.Does buying a ShippingPass subscription get me any extra FREE shipping benefits? YES! As an added benefit, you'll receive FREE value shipping on a large selection of non-eligible ShippingPass items. These are sold by Walmart.com and flagged with FREE Shipping. More details on what is eligible with ShippingPass:Shipping SpeedItems & AddressesFREE 2-day shipping Items sold by Walmart.com that are marked eligible on the product and checkout page with the logo  Nearly all addresses in the continental U.S., except those marked as ineligible below. FREE value shipping Select items that are not included in ShippingPass will ship for free but with value shipping. Look for items sold by Walmart.com and marked with FREE shipping. You will also see this noted in checkout.  Addresses in the following State Codes AK, HI, AE, AP, AA, PR, GU, MP, PW, AS, VI, FM and APO/FPO addresses with U.S. ZIP Codes will ship for free with value shipping. You will see this noted in checkout. Ineligible items & addressesItems with freight chargesItems fulfilled by Walmart.com Marketplace sellersPersonalized itemseGift CardsAny item that is not marked eligible on the product page or in checkoutInternational destinationsSHIPPING & RETURNSWhat does 2-day shipping really mean? Your product will be shipped to its final destination to arrive in 2 business days or faster. If your order is placed before the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, then it will ship that day and arrive 2 business days later. If your order is placed after the 11 a.m. PST cutoff time, we will do our best to process it the same day but may need an extra day.Place your order BEFORE 11 a.m. PST cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayOrder before 11 a.m. PST, and your order is picked, packed and sent out Your order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredPlace your order AFTER 11 a.m. PST Cutoff:MondayTuesdayWednesdayThursdayOrder placed after 11 a.m. PST is received Your order is picked, packed and sent outYour order is on its way to youYour order is deliveredIs there a cutoff time I should be aware of?Order before 11 a.m. PST to get the fastest shipping.Do you deliver on weekends?We do not deliver on Sundays, but do sometimes deliver on Saturday depending on the carrier that is delivering your order. The best way to determine the date of delivery is to check the status in  My Account . How do I track a shipment?Sign in to My Account on Walmart.com to track your order.Is return shipping free?Yes, it's free. Learn more. Can I use the Walmart App to shop with ShippingPass?  Yes, ShippingPass is integrated with the Walmart App ― tap, swipe and shop away. Just look for  next to the item.PAYMENTDo you offer a trial subscription? Yes, we are currently offering a 30-day free trial. Which payment methods can I use? The ShippingPass subscription can be purchased with all major credit and debit cards. MAINTAINING YOUR MEMBERSHIPWill my subscription automatically renew?Yes, your subscription will auto-renew renew after your free trial and after your 1 year subscription has ended so you have no service interruption.How do I turn off auto-renewal? Auto-renewal can be managed in  My Account. Will I get a refund if I cancel my subscription?You are eligible for a full refund if no ShippingPass-eligible orders have been placed. You cannot receive a refund if you have placed a ShippingPass-eligible order. In this case, the Customer Care team will remove your account from auto-renewal to ensure you are not charged for an additional year and you can continue to use the subscription until the end of your subscription term.I'm eligible for a refund. How do I cancel my subscription?  Visit our Help Center and contact Customer Care. MORE QUESTIONSDo I need an invitation to join ShippingPass?ShippingPass is open to everyone, no invitation required.Am I able to set up sub-accounts within my ShippingPass subscription for family and friends?No, currently you cannot share your ShippingPass account.Why did my order come in multiple boxes?We do our best to get your whole order in one box, but sometimes product is housed in different facilities, resulting in more than one box.Why is my favorite product not ShippingPass-eligible anymore?The ShippingPass assortment is continually being optimized. Products are added and removed for lots of reasons, but the main reason is to show items that we're 100% sure we can deliver within the promised timeline.ShippingPassWant to get your items fast without the pricey shipping fees? With ShippingPass from Walmart, you can enjoy Every Day Low Prices with the convenience of fast, FREE shipping.Whether you need a gift in a pinch or you're simply running low on household essentials, a ShippingPass subscription gets you the things you need without hurting your pocket.When you purchase ShippingPass you don't have to worry about minimum order requirements or shipping distance. No matter how small the order or how far it needs to go, ShippingPass provides unlimited nationwide shipping. If you need to return or exchange an item you can send it back at no cost or take it to your neighborhood store.To see if ShippingPass is right for you, try a 30-day free trial. Also, with ShippingPass, there is no need to worry about commitment. If you decide you want to discontinue the service, you can cancel your subscription at any time. No matter what your shipping needs, Walmart's got you covered. Sign up for ShippingPass so you can shop more, save money and live better.Electrode, Comp-205773147, DC-prod-dfw1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-4.10.0, SHA-335bc5636ba3022fedaefd3cd18df818927a3e0c, CID-

















Store Finder - Walmart.com























Skip To Primary Content
Skip To Department Navigation

















 Menu




 Toggle Search






Walmart. Save Money. Live Better.


Walmart. Save Money. Live Better.








              All
            




                          All Departments
                        



                          Auto & Tires
                        



                          Baby
                        



                          Beauty
                        



                          Books
                        



                          Cell Phones
                        



                          Clothing
                        



                          Electronics
                        



                          Food
                        





                          Gifts & Registry
                        



                          Health
                        



                          Home
                        



                          Home Improvement
                        



                          Household Essentials
                        



                          Jewelry
                        



                          Movies
                        



                          Music
                        



                          Office
                        





                          Party & Occasions
                        



                          Patio & Garden
                        



                          Pets
                        



                          Pharmacy
                        



                          Photo Center
                        



                          Sports & Outdoors
                        



                          Toys
                        



                          Video Games
                        












Clear search field




Search











      Hello, 


      Hello. Sign In




My Account





              Track My Order
              
            



              My Account
              
            



              Reorder Items
              
            



              Savings Catcher
              
                Compare prices and save




              Pharmacy Account
              
                Manage your prescriptions




              VUDU Library
              
                Unlimited access to thousands of movies and TV shows




              Not You? Sign Out
              
            




Sign In
              
                View my account



Create an Account
              
                Get more out of Walmart.com










Store finder








Items in cart
















              FREE Walmart Grocery pickup
            



              Introducing Pickup Discount
            



              Reorder your favorites
            



              Be a school year hero
            


Previous
Next






















Compute- app-5482506-3-170120172, DC- prod-dfw2, ENV- prod-a, Ver- 59.0.2, SHA- 0974cc46e33c4d50bf5fbb847c7d036da1b1e9bd, Log- 4cb3e306-45fc1-15d6d4aa0b6000














Food - Walmart.comSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroFoodAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroSkip To Next SectionShop by CategoryMeal Solutions, Grains & Pastause right arrow to open the sub menuBoxed MealsCanned Goods & SoupsCondiments, Sauces & SpicesDried BeansEmergency FoodGrains & RicePasta & NoodlesSaucesSnacks, Cookies & Chipsuse right arrow to open the sub menuChipsCookiesCrackersDips & SpreadsDried Fruit & Dried VegetablesFruit Cups & Fruit SaucesFruit SnacksGranola Bars & Snack BarsJerkyNuts & Trail MixesPopcornPretzelsPudding & GelatinRice CakesSnack CakesSnack MixesBeveragesuse right arrow to open the sub menuBeer, Wine & SpiritsCoffeeDrink EnhancersHot CocoaJuiceMilk & CreamPowdered Drinks & MixesSeltzers, Tonics & Soda WaterSoft DrinksSports & Energy DrinksTeaWaterCoffeeuse right arrow to open the sub menuCreamers & SyrupsFilters & SuppliesGround CoffeeInstant CoffeeReady to Drink CoffeeSingle-Serve Cups & PodsWhole Bean CoffeeCandy & Gumuse right arrow to open the sub menuCandy GiftsChocolateGumGummy & ChewyHard Candy & LollipopsMintsVariety & Multi PacksBakinguse right arrow to open the sub menuCanned & Powdered MilkChips & BarsCoatings & BattersExtracts & ColoringsFlours & MealsFrosting, Toppings & DecorationsMixesNuts, Coconut & FruitOil & ShorteningPie FillingsPowder & SodaSalt, Spices & SeasoningSugar & SweetenersSyrupsYeastBreakfast & Cerealuse right arrow to open the sub menuBreakfast BarsCold CerealFrozen Breakfast FoodGranola & MuesliGritsOatmeal & Hot CerealPancake & Waffle MixSyrups & SweetenersToaster PastriesFresh Fooduse right arrow to open the sub menuBakery & BreadDairy, Eggs & CheeseDeliMeat, Seafood & PoultryProduceOrganic Foodsuse right arrow to open the sub menuAll Organic FoodsGluten-Free Foodsuse right arrow to open the sub menuAll Gluten-Free FoodsGiftsEmergency FoodSee more categoriesSavings ShowcaseRollbackClearanceSpecial BuyCouponsFood ShopsGluten-Free FoodsOrganic FoodsEmergency FoodPopular in FoodCheese SlicesTomatoesFrozen DinnersPasta SaucesJellyExtra Virgin Olive OilCampbell's Chunky SoupsCookies & BrowniesGo to previous slide, 0 of 5Go to next slide, 2 of 5Carousel Page 1 of 5 activeCarousel Page 2 of 5 falseCarousel Page 3 of 5 falseCarousel Page 4 of 5 falseCarousel Page 5 of 5 falsepause slide animationFeatured ProductsSkip to end of links$9.88Atkins Endulge Chocolate Coconut Bar, 1.4oz, 10-pack (Treat)Average rating:4.7451out of5stars, based onreviews51ratings2-Day Shipping$27.995-Hour Energy Extra Strength Bottles, Sour Apple, 1.9 Oz, 12 Ct$2.42Dole® Mandarins in Orange Gel 4-4.3 oz. CupsAverage rating:4.8065out of5stars, based onreviews31ratings2-Day Shipping$2.98Blue Diamond Almonds Nut-Thins Nut & Rice Cracker Snacks Almond, 4.25 OZAverage rating:4.7963out of5stars, based onreviews54ratings2-Day Shipping$2.78Ritz Cracker Sandwiches Peanut Butter - 8 PK, 1.38 OZAverage rating:4.8705out of5stars, based onreviews139ratings2-Day Shipping$2.98Oreo Sandwich Cookies Peanut Butter Creme, 15.25 OZAverage rating:4.4783out of5stars, based onreviews115ratings2-Day ShippingRollback$8.98was$9.72save$0.74M&M's Milk Chocolate Coated Candy w/Peanut Center, 42oz PackAverage rating:4.7363out of5stars, based onreviews201ratings2-Day Shipping$3.56Nabisco Oreo Golden Sandwich Cookies, 19.1 ozAverage rating:4.875out of5stars, based onreviews48ratings2-Day ShippingGo to previous slide, NaN of NaNGo to next slide, NaN of NaN





Shop by Category Breakfast CoffeeCondimentsBakingEmergency FoodBoxed MealsCanned GoodsPastaSnacksBeveragesCandy & GumBaby FoodGluten-freeFood GiftsFresh FlowersClearance 
Show moreFood You want to feed your family healthy food, but making the best choices can be difficult, especially if you're on a budget or short on time   or if you or any members of your family have special dietary needs. Fortunately, Walmart makes it easy to plan meals and stock up on delicious and nutritious food that is also affordable. Barbecue essentials Anytime is a great time to fire up the barbecue. Grab some hot dogs, hamburgers, steaks, chops, corn on the cob and whatever else you like to grill and get ready for a fun food fest. Of course, barbecue essentials don't necessarily need to be cooked on a grill. Don't forget the: Chips and snacks, like pistachios and mixed nuts, almonds and snack crackers Dips and spreads, including salsa, guacamole and black bean dip Side dishes of rice, mac and cheese and pasta salad beans and chili Condiments, like ketchup, mustard, mayo and more You'll also find Walmart's lowest prices on picnic items like paper plates, napkins, plastic cups, plasticware and more, should you want to take your meal to the great outdoors. Beverages From water and juice to coffee, beer and wine, you'll find a wide variety of delicious and refreshing beverages at Walmart, all at Every Day Low Prices. Explore the varied selection of juices, where you'll find common favorites like apple, orange and cranberry juice as well as mixed fruit and vegetable juices and much more. Browse the soft drinks: colas, root beer, cream soda, fruit sodas and more in both standard and sugar-free varieties, including options from popular brands such as Coca Cola, Pepsi and A&W. If you've been exercising, try sports drinks, like Gatorade, to keep yourself hydrated and maybe a caffeinated energy drink to keep yourself going throughout the day. There is also a large selection of hot beverages, including coffee, tea and hot cocoa, plus adult beverages, including beer, wine and spirits. To turn an ordinary glass of water into a more appealing beverage, consider powdered drink mixes and drink enhancers, which come in a wide range of flavors and include diet and fortified options featuring vitamins and electrolytes. Healthy options Are you confused by all the nutritional information that's available? Walmart's Great For You products feature a simple icon that lets you know you're choosing a healthy item. That includes lots of the foods nutritionists say people should get more of, including fruits and vegetables, nuts and seeds and lean meats. It's also easy to find foods that meet special requirements. Simply filter your grocery searches by dietary need and you'll find products that are: Gluten free Sugar free Sodium free Fat free Nut free Dairy free There are also natural, organic, vegetarian, kosher and halal options. Walmart makes it easier to find the foods you want while simultaneously meeting your dietary requirements. No matter what type of special diet you are looking for, there are options that will help you make the right food choices day in and day out. Organic foods If you prefer to feed your family with natural or organic foods, enjoy Walmart's inventory of organic delights, which are made without artificial ingredients; they're grown without synthetic pesticides or chemical fertilizers. A food is labeled as organic by the way farmers grow and process their agricultural products, like different meats, fruits, vegetables, grains and dairy products. Organic farming practices are created to promote soil and water conservation and also to reduce pollution. The farmers who grow organic produce don't use what would be considered conventional methods to fertilize and control weeds. For example, organic farming practices would include the use of natural fertilizers to feed the soil and plants, while using crop rotation or mulch to manage the weeds. So what makes a product organic for certain? The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) established a certification program that requires all organic-labeled foods to meet strict government standards first. These standards regulate how such foods are grown, handled and processed. Thus, any product labeled as organic must be USDA certified. You could look through a variety of foods and check for the organic label on each one, but it s a much easier shopping process when everything can be found together, in one convenient location. Whatever your dietary goals or requirements are, you can easily find foods that meet your needs at Walmart. Just filter your search by dietary need and you'll find a large selection of delicious foods. Save Money. Live Better.Show moreElectrode, Comp-147384887, DC-prod-dfw2, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.15.0, SHA-06ca1a9068b558bd33bd1add57a0b13a52090f9f, CID-


Meat, Seafood & Poultry - Walmart.comSkip HeadermenusearchWalmart. Save Money. Live Better.FREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroFoodAll DepartmentsAuto & TiresBabyBeautyBooksCell PhonesClothingElectronicsFoodGifts & RegistryHealthHomeHome ImprovementHousehold EssentialsJewelryMoviesMusicOfficeParty & OccasionsPatio & GardenPetsPharmacyPhoto CenterSports & OutdoorsToysVideo GamesSearchClear search fieldSearchHello. Sign InMy AccountpinItems in cartFREE Walmart Grocery pickupIntroducing Pickup DiscountReorder your favoritesBe a school year heroSkip To Next SectionShop by CategoryBeefHot DogsBacon & SausagesPoultryFishPorkMeat AlternativesPopular in Meat, Seafood & PoultryHamburger MeatSmoked SausagesBreakfast Sausage LinksBeef Hot DogsCrawfishFully Cooked BaconCanadian BaconPork Sausage


Meat, Seafood and PoultryWhen you want meat, poultry or seafood to feed your family, you can count on Walmart for a great selection of high-quality products at affordable prices.Explore our selection of beef, including hamburgers, sausages, ground beef, beef franks and deli-sliced beef. Check out our poultry for a wide variety of chicken and turkey products. Browse our pork selection for ham, bacon, sausages and more. And check out our fish and seafood for a variety of refrigerated, canned and frozen products.When you do your family's shopping, don't forget to check out the fresh meat at your local Walmart store. Our fresh meat will satisfy even the most discriminating tastes, delivering a tender, juicy and flavorful experience. And our in-store fresh meat associates are always available to provide insight and guidance on our different offerings.At Walmart, you'll always find a wide selection of meat, seafood and poultry at Every Day Low Prices. Save money. Live better.Show moreElectrode, Comp-147366606, DC-prod-dfw1, ENV-prod-a, PROF-PROD, VER-1.15.0, SHA-06ca1a9068b558bd33bd1add57a0b13a52090f9f, CID-





Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip

















