










 







BOP Studio Plaza Phase I Investor LLC - REITS and Finance- Beisner  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









BOP Studio Plaza Phase I Investor LLC

      Industry: REITS and Finance
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    250 Vesey Street, 15 Th Floor  
    New York, NY, 10281Phone: 212-417-7000 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-29


New


$125,000


$125,000


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Edward F. Beisner 
 Executive 


 Dani Brody 
 Executive 


 G. Mark Brown 
 Executive 


 Michelle L. Campbell 
 Executive 


 Steven Ganeless 
 Executive 


 Kathleen G. Kane 
 Executive 


 Jonathan Kramer 
 Executive 


 Bop Development Holdings Llc 
 Promoter 


 Phyllis F. Moore 
 Executive 


 Paul Schulman 
 Executive 


 Ralph Toussie 
 Executive 












BOP MW RESIDENTIAL LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











BOP MW RESIDENTIAL LLC
List of persons related to the company BOP MW RESIDENTIAL LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of BOP MW RESIDENTIAL LLC.

CIK Number: 0001661967IRS Number: 464298948Company address: 250 VESEY STREET, 15TH FLOOR  NEW YORK 10281-1023Phone number: 212-417-7000



People related to BOP MW RESIDENTIAL LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryK. Davis  Bryan250 VESEY STREET, 15TH FLOOR NEW YORKNYH. Friedrich  Dennis250 VESEY STREET, 15TH FLOOR NEW YORKNYMark Brown  G.250 VESEY STREET, 15TH FLOOR NEW YORKNYB. Clark  Richard250 VESEY STREET, 15TH FLOOR NEW YORKNY




BOP MW RESIDENTIAL LLC on the Web
Related companiesBOP 450 MEMBER LLC, BOP 655 New York Investor LLC, BOP Camarillo Investor LLC, BOP CPF LLC, BOP Greenpoint G Investor LLC, BOP Manhattan West REIT LLC, BOP MW RETAIL MEMBER LLC, BOP NE MEMBER LLC, BOP NW LOFT MEMBER LLC, BOP ONYP Member LLC, BOP SE MEMBER LLC, BOP Studio Plaza Phase I Investor LLC, BOPA1, L.P., BoProcess, LLC












 










Company






































































Video en Español



Home
Company

Our Vision
Executive Team
Board of Directors
Careers
Intellectual Property


Technology

Turbophase Showcase
Manufacturing
Gas Turbine Experience
Efficiency
Emissions
Energy Storage


Applications

Capacity
Peak Energy
Ancillary Services


Partners
How it Works
FAQ
Careers
Contact
 
 





Company


			   Powerphase LLC™ is registered in Delaware, USA.  The company was formed in 2012 to develop and commercialize cost efficient products for efficiently increasing gas turbine capacity and peak energy production capability.  Some of the company's products also include energy storage--utilizing features of the same patent-pending technology.

The company's philosophy is that its' products are all based on the utilization of compressed air while employing sound and proven technology in a unique way so as to maintain commercial levels of in-service reliability and availability.

The management team is comprised of people highly experienced in the area of gas turbines and power plants.  With a combination of technical and business expertise, the senior management team averages well over 20 years of relevant experience at a variety of major gas turbine OEM's and successful alternate suppliers, as well as major power plant owners.             

			   





Latest News
 

 News
Utility Coalition Adds Growth Capital and Global Reach for Gas Turbine Products June 22, 2017Powerphase Asia Opens in Singapore June 5, 2017Powerphase Issued Patent for Cost Effective Energy Storage Solution May 17, 2017Former GE Executive Director Joins Powerphase Board of Directors May 4, 2017Powerphase signs MoU in Indonesia for 2GW additional Gas Turbine Power April 26, 2017 click to read more news
Translate Our Site







Home
|
Company
|
Technology
|
Application
|
Contact
|
News


PowerPHASE LLC  |&nbsp 561-299-3970
1001 N. US Hwy 1  Jupiter, Florida  33477

© 2017 Power Phase LLC. All Rights Reserved.


























Food Allergy CODIT Oral Immunotherapy | Aimmune | Home     
  Welcome to Aimmune Therapeutics, formerly Allergen Research Corporation (ARC).We're pleased to announce our new name and launch our new website. Thank you for visiting! Visit Site  Friendshipsdon't have a listof ingredients.Aimmune is developing desensitization treatments to protect people with food allergies by potentially making accidental exposures less dangerous. Learn More  CODIT™ & Oral ImmunotherapyAimmune is developing treatments for food allergies using biologic product candidates and our characterized oral desensitization immunotherapy (CODIT™) approach. We built CODIT on a foundation of extensive independent scientific research on oral immunotherapy that shows that patients with food allergies may become desensitized by ingesting their allergens in gradually increasing amounts and then maintaining a steady daily dose thereafter. We aim to offer characterized biologic products to help protect people with food allergies against life-threatening reactions from accidental exposures. Learn More  AR101 for Peanut AllergyWe are conducting Phase 3 studies of our lead product candidate, AR101, for the treatment of peanut allergy, one of the most common food allergies, in peanut-allergic patients ages 4-55 years in the United States, Canada and Europe. We are also working to develop treatments for other common food allergies using characterized biologic product candidates and our CODIT™ approach. Learn MoreRecent NewsJuly 5, 2017Aimmune Therapeutics Enrolls First Patient in ARTEMIS (ARC010) European Phase 3 Clinical Trial of AR101 for the Treatment of Peanut AllergyJune 20, 2017Aimmune Therapeutics Presents European Phase 3 PALISADE Screening Data at 2017 European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) CongressJune 15, 2017Aimmune Therapeutics to Present Data on Peanut Allergy in Europe at the European Academy of Allergy and Clinical Immunology (EAACI) Congress 2017 See More  





	Shire: The Leading Global Biotech Focused on Rare Diseases




















Select aLocation
Shire Global





Europe


Austria


Denmark


France


Germany


Italy


Norway


Spain


Sweden


						                                    Switzerland
                                                            
						                                    (DE | FR)
						                                

Turkey


UK




Americas


Argentina


Brazil


						                                    Canada
                                                            
						                                    (EN | FR)
						                                

Colombia


Mexico


Asia Pacific


Australia


China


Japan


South Korea



















Toggle navigation























SEARCH






                                LOCATION:
                                Global


CONTACT US


NEWSROOM 


Press Releases


Media Library


Social Media




INVESTORS 



OVERVIEW


Our Strategy


Shareholder Information


Financial Highlights


Dividend


Debt Investors


Annual General Meeting


RECENT ACQUISITIONS


Baxalta


Dyax Corp


NPS Pharma




PRESENTATIONS AND REPORTS


Quarterly Results and Presentations


Annual Report 2016


Annual and Interim Reports


Conflict Minerals Disclosure




INVESTOR TOOLS


News


Events


Email Alerts


Stock Information











































July is Dry Eye Disease Awareness Month


        Read more












And so we seek …
The magnitude of rare diseases is incredible and so is our determination.

                                            Learn more







The Price of Your Device
The National Eye C.A.R.E. Survey was conducted in July 2015 on behalf of Shire.

                                            Learn more


















Cookie Use Notification
The site uses cookies to provide you with a more responsive and personalized service. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies as set out in our cookie notice. Please read our privacy notice for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block the use of cookies. LEARN MORE


CONTINUE
DISAGREE

















Confirm Navigation
By following this link you will be leaving a Shire controlled website for a third party website.  Please note that Shire is not responsible or liable for any third party website and the website may not be appropriate for all audiences.















Invention Design, Product Development & Licensing | Enhance




































 






877.993.6426
support@enhancepd.com



Facebook




Twitter




RSS


  





Facebook




Twitter




RSS



  
 
 









Select Page


  
 
 











Do You Have a New Invention Idea?

If you have an invention idea or new product, we want to hear from you.
At Enhance, we help inventors develop and launch their new invention or product ideas.

License Your Invention
 
 
 




From Concept to Manufacturing

Developing products is what we do.
From entrepreneurs to start-ups to established consumer product companies,
let Enhance innovate for you.

Services
 
 
 
 
 
 



Launch Your Invention Through Licensing
Our proprietary Design for Licensing strategy utilizes a proven system that seeks to maximize your success while minimizing out-of-pocket expense.
 
 
 




Prepare
Determine goals, research the marketplace and chart a course of action.
 
 
 



Develop
Design and develop your invention to meet or exceed your specs.
 
 
 



Protect
Acquire and protect your intellectual property by filing the patent application.
 
 
 



Launch
Professionally present your invention to companies for licensing.
 
 
 
 



Having been involved in licensing for over a decade, we have extensive experience with what licensees are looking for and have developed our design packages and method of establishing a license deal with one goal in mind: attracting a company to take your invention and pay you a royalty.

Help For Inventors

 
 
 






Team up with the Invention Experts
The most important part of successfully getting your invention idea to market is to establish an experienced team with an array of critical skill sets. With our knowledge in product design, invention development, marketing and licensing, Enhance is the team that can help lift your invention to success!


About Us

 
 
 




%
Industrial Design

 

%
Engineering and Prototyping

 

%
Licensing

 

%
Marketing

 
 
 



Overview of Product Design and Development Services
Whether you are a first-time inventor, a small start-up or an established company, Enhance can complement your business by delivering inspirational product design and development that will drive your bottom line.
 
 
 




Industrial Design
Taking an invention or product concept into reality is a core concern of our industrial design services.  Our mission is to optimize function, value and appearance for the mutual benefit of the product user and the manufacturer.  This means we seek to design both an aesthetically pleasing product, but also one that is commercially feasible.
 
 
 



Engineering and Prototyping
Getting samples for presentations or proof of concept is a crucial step to test how a product will function, as well as survey interest from potential customers or licensees. Enhance has the capabilities of making you a part through the use of the best technologies in rapid prototyping, from fused deposition modeling (FDM), stereolithography (SLA), and more.
 
 
 



Manufacturing Sourcing
Finding a source to manufacture a quality product at low prices and with reasonable terms is one of the most challenging aspects to commercializing a product. Sourcing is of utmost strategic importance and can make or break a product’s success. Enhance can help you navigate the complicated maze of locating and working with a factory overseas or in the US.
 
 
 
 




Marketing
From professionally designed sell sheets to product animation demonstrations or even full video production, Enhance can prepare the materials to make an impact in your presentation. From retailers to customers, licensees to investors, our work will give your product a professional appearance that will capture attention.
 
 
 



Licensing
Licensing your invention idea involves collaborating with companies well positioned to commercialize your product and pay a royalty. Enhance can leverage the product development to tailor a design package that attracts companies who will license your invention and pay you royalties.
 
 
 



Patents
Patent searches provide inventors with critical industry information and Provisional Patent Applications can be the first step to protecting your invention. Enhance has a streamlined and professional process that utilizes a registered patent attorney.
 
 
 
 




Services Overview

 
 
 

Our Design Work







Grease Genie










HurriClean










Smart Capo










True Touch










MOBI










EggZact Boiler










Hot Buns










Skillet Slingers










Xtreme Rollers





 
 



Retail Partners
Our products have sold or are selling in:
 
 
 


 

 

 

 
 
 





Connect With Us
Have questions or want to get started on a new invention or product?

Get Started Today

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

























Investec.com | Specialist Bank, Asset Management, Wealth & Investment



























































International

International
South Africa
Australia
Ireland
Switzerland
India
United Kingdom









/content/investec/investec/investec-com
 


Search

Search











Log in
Log in



Investec Online


Private Banking Switzerland


Wealth & Investment UK


Forex Ireland


Wealth & Investment Guernsey


Channel Islands Intermediary


Broker Portal Ireland


Securities Research


E-clipse forex trading


Broker Link


W&I Ireland (Client View)


Home Loans Australia


Asset Management Indicator











































Home


Products & Services











Mauritius




Specialised Finance and Lending






Treasury and Deposits 













Financial Information














Channel Islands


















North America




Power & Infrastructure Finance






Fund Finance




















Switzerland












Hong Kong












India


















International




Banking Services






Finance and Lending






Investing






Treasury & Trading





















Research & Insights











Industry News











DNB moves gold stocks back to Amsterdam






Chinese leader re-assures New Zealanders on trade deal






South Africa inflation inside target rate again






IMF head urges G20 leaders to deliver






Taxes tip Japanese economy back into recession






German economy returns to growth






India and USA deal revives world trade package




















Feature Articles




China named biggest global goods trader






G20 leaders gather for growth summit






First Bitcoin securities fraud case underway






WTO spells out importance of the developing nations






Crisis negotiations continue on world trade deal






Asian markets steady on US jobs data






United Nations to discuss small and micro businesses




















Insights




"I came into a world of iron …to make a world of gold" - Jacques de Vos






Unlocking the door for the mid-market private rented sector 






Investec Private Equity Insights 2013: perception, evolution and innovation






Outlook for the Gilt Market






The limitations of best-buy mortgage tables




















Economy




Spotlight on Economics - by Philip Shaw






Economic Research - by Annabel Bishop














The Forward Curve - Global power insights and trends



















About Investec











Who we are




Our Values






Group Strategy






Corporate Structure






Corporate Governance














Sustainability


















What we do




Specialist Banking






Wealth & Investment






Asset Management














Careers


















Investec Sponsorship




Investec Test Cricket






Investec Derby






Hockey






Rugby














Contact Us


















Investor Relations




Financial Information




















SENS Announcements














Investec Press









































x


We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our site. To find out more see our Cookies Policy. By continuing to use our website without changing the settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.




Accept Cookies












































Did you know your browser is out of date?
				            It is strongly recommended that you use an alternative browser.
				        
Do it Later

Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Safari
Opera
Internet Explorer

x































GP Trends 2016
Click here to read or download a copy of our 7th annual GP Trends report.
Read more















GP Trends 2016
Find out more


Read more









Investec Fund Finance
Read more


Read more









Offering you our
Mauritius Visa Platinum Debit Cards


Read more









Industry News
Read the latest financial news


Read more









It's what we do
Learn more


Read more























































Investec is a distinctive Specialist
Bank and Asset Manager

We provide a diverse range of financial products and services to a niche client base in three principal markets, the United Kingdom, South Africa and Australia, as well as certain other geographies.

Investec’s strategic goals are motivated by the desire to develop an efficient and integrated business on an international scale through the active pursuit of clearly established core competencies in the group’s principal business areas.





























Search for Investec contacts
custominav



Search by name:





-- Choose category --
Investment Banking & Securities
Corporate & Institutional Banking
Wealth & Investment ZA
Wealth & Investment IE
Wealth & Investment UK
Property Activities
Asset Management
Private Banking




-- Choose location --
Bath, United Kingdom
Belfast, Northern Ireland
Birmingham, United Kingdom
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
Cape Town, South Africa
Central, Hong Kong
Cheltenham, United Kingdom
Cork, Ireland
Dublin, Ireland
Durban, South Africa
Edinburgh, United Kingdom
Exeter, United Kingdom
Glasgow, United Kingdom
Guildford, United Kingdom
Investec Asset Finance plc, Reading
Investec Manchester PB, United Kingdom
Investec St Peter Port, Guernsey
Investec Stellenbosch, South Africa
Investec Trust (Jersey) Limited
Investec USA Holdings Corp and Investec Securities (US) LLC, United States of America
Johannesburg, South Africa
Lausanne, Switzerland
Leeds, United Kingdom
Liverpool, United Kingdom
London (30 Gresham Street), United Kingdom
London (Gresham Street), United Kingdom
Manchester IW&I, United Kingdom
Manchester Specialist Private Bank, United Kingdom
Mumbai, India
Pretoria, South Africa
Reigate, United Kingdom
Sheffield, United Kingdom
St Peter Port, Guernsey
Sydney, Australia
Taipei, Taiwan
Zurich, Switzerland

































Jul 26, 2017




Source:McGregor 15 minutes delayed






























			Accessibility







			Legal







			Security Advice







			Contact Us







			Indices







			Investor Relations






Mobile site








Copyright Investec 2016
































































Home | allscripts.com




















































 Region: 
Asia
Australia
Canada
Europe
Middle East
United Kingdom
United States



Allscripts Central
Application Store



















Market SolutionsHospitals & Health SystemsPhysician & Community PracticesLife Sciences & Health PlansePrescribeAbout AllscriptsGive BackLeadersStrategic PartnersAwardsClient StoriesCareersSupport & ResourcesNews & InsightsBlogContact Us















 BUILDING OPEN, CONNECTED COMMUNITIES OF HEALTH  
For your patients. For your organization.
Why Allscripts 







Hospitals & Health Systems
Solutions for acute care, integrated delivery networks and post-acute facilities
 




Physicians & Community Practices
Serving primary care, surgical and specialty practices of all sizes
   




Life Sciences & Health Plans
Payers, health plans, pharma, employers and life sciences organizations
 











 Ensure results today and readiness tomorrow. Allscripts is leading the healthcare IT movement into tomorrow‘s value-enabled world. No other IT partner integrates your information so you can take action across care sites, care teams and even across multivendor EHR systems. Imagine the value of enabling multisite integration – without having to rip-and-replace or rework any of your systems. Hand in hand with our clients, we‘re pioneering comprehensive population health solutions and integrating precision medicine across the care spectrum. We partner with you to enable smarter care delivery for healthier patients, populations and communities.  Take a closer look at Allscripts. Experience how our EHR, financial management, population health management and precision medicine solutions can give you connected information and insights like never before. It‘s everything you need to confidently meet your clinical, operational and business goals. Welcome to Allscripts. Building Open, connected communities of health.      












 
 



There's still time left to register for ACE 2017!
Join us at ACE 2017 in Chicago, IL on Aug. 8 – 10 and learn how Allscripts can enable your organization to lead the change to smarter care through education sessions, networking and insights from healthcare leaders. Register now to join us in Chicago.
View Sessions & Register Now







 
 



Building Open, interoperable, connected communities of care
Learn how our clients use Allscripts tools to thrive, innovate and create their own communities of care
Learn More







 
 



The Rankings Are In
Black Book Rankings™ names Allscripts top core EHR with a population health management solution
Read More







 
 



Finally! Actionable genomic insights where it matters most… at the point of care.
2bPrecise is now available
Learn More







 
 



2016: The year of “merger mania”
Mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships help providers meet the demands of value-based care, but introduce challenges when it comes to data exchange. In this white paper, you’ll learn how to succeed with true data integration
Download Now







 
 



 Increase patient satisfaction with a high-quality education strategy
Join a webinar on July 26 and learn how delivering meaningful patient education can help make your moments in care matter.
Register













News






Allscripts recognized as 2017 Microsoft Partner of the Year

June 01,
     2017
Partners recognized for outstanding solutions built on Microsoft technology






Allscripts Sunrise Launch

July 27,
     2016
Wrightington, Wigan and Leigh NHS Foundation Trust launches Allscripts Sunrise™


More News





Events






Allscripts Client Experience 2017 (ACE)

August 08,
     2017
Allscripts Client Experience is our annual user conference attended by thousands of Allscripts clients and industry leaders.






Health 2.0 Fall Conference

October 01,
     2017
11th Annual Fall Cconference


More Events







What can we do for you?



Contact Us
We‘re here to help



Call Us
1.800.334.8534



Get Connected
Stay up to date with Allscripts












RSS
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube

©2017 - All rights reserved



Allscripts.com



About Us


Careers


Events


Government Initiatives


Investor Relations


Leaders


Newsroom


Partners




Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Cookies


Allscripts Privacy Program


Cost and Limitations Per ONC


Press Releases


Client Systems


Products and Solutions






Allscripts Sites


Allscripts Central


Allscripts Store


Allscripts Blog


Allscripts Developer Program


Continuum Magazine




















