


Private Label Bottled Water. Purefection. - Boreal Water














Private Label Bottled Water. Purefection.
 
 
Launch your own brand of enhanced water and increase your margins! It’s our specialty!



We can offer you:
 


 • Functional Enhanced Water
 • Infused Water


 • Carbonated Water 
 • Vitamins Enhanced Water


 • Flavored Still or Sparkling
 • Minerals Enhanced Water


 • Oxygenated Water
 • Electrolyte Water


 • Distilled Water
 • Alkaline Water


• Caffeinated Water
 • Natural Spring Water



We already have many successful brands that are produced either at our New York plant or at our Canadian sister company plant.
  Boreal is a personalized bottled water company specializing in premium custom bottled water for your company. Whether it’s for publicity, promotion, marketing, internal use or a specific event, Boreal custom labeled bottle water is a one-stop shop, a turnkey operation offering customers fully integrated services literally from the ground up.With the most extensive distribution network in North America and warehouses across Canada and the United States, unlike other bottled water companies, Boreal also has exclusive access to a pristine and abundant, award winning source deep in the untouched wilds of Canada. With exclusive exploitation rights, Boreal has a confirmed volume in excess of thousands of millions of gallons. Follow us on:                  





Home
Awards
News
Privates labels


Saint-Élie Brand
Bottles
Clients
Spring


Investor Relations
Environment
Our Mission


Blog
Contact
Login



 
© 2015 Boreal water Inc. All rights reserved.














 





需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Company - Boreal Water














Company
MissionBOREAL WATER COLLECTION’s goal is to become the leading producer of high-end private label bottled water in North America. BOREAL plans to achieve this goal by developing its affiliation with Les Sources Saint-Elie Inc., a Canadian company that has been the leading producer of high-end private label bottled water in Eastern Canada over the last decade. BOREAL is committed to providing its customers with the highest quality private label bottled water products at affordable prices; supported by a wide range of products and an outstanding level of customer service. Our product line, which features various labels and shapes and sizes of water bottles, is the most impressive in the market. In today’s health-conscious society, private label bottled water is an effective and highly desirable vehicle to promote businesses. Because we provide a turn-key project, we are able to offer our service to almost every type of corporate customer.Production FacilitiesBOREAL WATER COLLECTION plans to develop a national network of bottled water production facilities through an aggressive acquisition program and via selective joint ventures.Distribution networkBOREAL WATER COLLECTION, with its acquired know-how and its exclusive product offering, will expand by selling distribution licenses to selected well-established distributors, in addition to developing its own national corporate accounts.Your brand our experience!





Home
Awards
News
Privates labels


Saint-Élie Brand
Bottles
Clients
Spring


Investor Relations
Environment
Our Mission


Blog
Contact
Login



 
© 2015 Boreal water Inc. All rights reserved.














 





  BRWC Stock Quote - Boreal Water Collection Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Boreal Water Collection Inc   BRWC:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (b)   4.261    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Boreal Water Collection Inc. produces and distributes natural spring water.    Address  4496 State Road 42NKiamesha Lake, NY 12751United States   Phone  1-845-0400   Website   www.borealwater.com     Executives Board Members    Francine Lavoie  Chairman/Pres/CEO/Secy/Treasurer    Christopher Umecki  VP:Operations     Show More         

	Boreal Water Collection Inc. (fka BRWC) Message Board - InvestorsHub























































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed

























































Home
            >
            Boards
            >
            US OTC
            >
            Delisted
            >
            
Boreal Water Collection Inc. (fka BRWC)



Add  Price Alert  
              
            Hide Sticky  
            Hide Intro










Moderator:
winboy01, inforthemoney2




Search This Board: 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003+






Created: 9/7/2004 11:38:35 AM - 
                Followers:
                346
                - Board type:
                Free
                - Posts Today: 
                    0







Updates to the intro are coming that will show the true activity at Boreal from a historcial perspective, stay tuned......   BRWC Security Details  Share Structure      Market Value1 $4,057,595 a/o Oct 15, 2015     Authorized Shares 5,000,000,000 a/o Oct 15, 2015     Outstanding Shares 4,057,594,530 a/o Oct 14, 2015     -Restricted Not Available     -Unrestricted Not Available     Held at DTC Not Available     Float 1,449,853,789 a/o Oct 14, 2015     Par Value 0.001 			                   http://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/BRWC/profile  #BRWC Second Place Award.      Boreal Water Collection, Inc. (BRWC) is an established bottler of premium private-labeled bottled water products tailored for each client’s particular need, be it publicity, promotion, marketing, internal use or a specific event. This emphasis on customization and quality has earned Boreal an impressive reputation, evidenced by its prestigious customer base of high-end beverage brands, retailer channels, high-end hotels and restaurant chains. Boreal’s plant is only 17 miles from its well-protected source of natural spring water, a pristine and abundant spring source deep inside the heart of the Catskill Mountains. Accommodating this plentiful water supply and range of product offerings, Boreal has established a 75,000-square foot manufacturing facility. Boreal can process a full range of water and bottle types and has the most creative staff for all private labeling needs. The company offers fully integrated turnkey service, made-to-order labeling along with distinctive water bottles. In short, Boreal is a “Boutique Bottler” and is focusing on becoming the leader of this attractive niche of the growing multi-billion dollar bottled water industry.          Investment Highlights  Award-Winning Bottled Water Products 	75,000-square-foot Manufacturing Facility 	Exclusive Rights to Natural Spring Water 	Clearly Defined Expansion Strategy 	Long-standing Corporate History     Products Boreal offers a line of award-winning water products, including functional enhanced water, infused water, carbonated water, vitamins enhanced water, flavored still or sparkling water, minerals enhanced water, oxygenated water, electrolyte water, distilled water, alkaline water, caffeinated water and natural spring water.  The company’s products are offered through three key brands:  Leisure Time Spring Water: Boreal’s own brand - represents a small part of the company’s overall business.   Sapphire: Brand name owned by Boreal - a sapphire blue carafe style bottle with wine style cap is the signature look for this particular brand.   Saint-Elie: manufactured and distributed out of Quebec, Canada - taste and quality award-winning brand name for its Natural Spring and Sparkling water, owned by Boreal’s sister company, Les Sources Saint-Elie.  Spring Water: Boreal purchases spring water from Alpine Farms, Inc. under a 40-year purchase agreement dated November 1, 1995, and modified April 28, 2000. The agreement provides for the sole and exclusive right to draw water from the source and sell spring water to third parties. Distilled Water: Boreal has two private on-site wells. The water from these wells is passed through a series of multimedia particulate and activated carbon filters to remove chlorine, phenols, taste, odor compounds and organic minerals. The water is then distilled in a vapor compression steam unit. All dissolved minerals are left behind as the water is vaporized and condensed in a stainless steel still, which yields high purity finished water. After filtration and ozonation, the product is promptly bottled. Enhanced Water: Boreal offers customers the option of enhancing their private label water by adding minerals, oxygen and even fluoride. This process is usually done after the distillation process. Boreal’s QC specialist carefully measures out the various additives per customer request, adds it to the customer-specific batch and is then bottled. Sparkling Water: Boreal is looking to add a sparkling water line to its plant in Kiamesha Lake to appeal to a wider customer base. Sparkling water is currently available at Boreal’s sister company, Saint-Elie in Canada.  Bottles   A full range of sizes from 8 ounces to 5 gallons. 	Boreal now offers “Eco-Pure,” a bio-degradable bottle which was introduced at the 2009 PLMA Trade show in Chicago. 	Bottles may be ordered by Boreal or by the customer. In either case, customer is not confined to industry-standard bottles. 	Boreal has good relationships with a number of bottle manufacturers, enabling customers to choose from a wide variety of bottles and packaging.  Labels and Packaging   Labels: Clear labels or standard paper labels. Some product is sold wholesale for subsequent custom labeling. 	Packaging: Boreal packages products to suit customers’ needs. Packaging has included a variety of trays and cases, caps, registered film, etc.  Pricing   Fee-based: Boreal charges co-pack fee; customer provides materials. 	Material and fee: Boreal purchases materials for customers and charges cost of materials plus a fee. 	Finished case basis: Boreal commits to a price for each finished case delivered to the customer.     The Water Source   Ideally located inside the heart of 'Americas First Wilderness', the rugged, rocky terrain of the Catskill Mountains and wild forests give way to Boreal's premiere water spring. Lying deep inside thick, impermeable layers of prehistoric clay, the spring is naturally isolated from any possible surface drainage or run off. Exceptional geological and geographical factors have created the perfect environment for Boreal's perfect water. Tributary pools from the enormous surrounding area and locked in subterranean gathering shelves feed the main water source. Comprised of rock from the Precambrian Era, among the oldest on Earth at more than 600 million years, the crystalline shelves create a dense, natural filtration system. This unhurried 60-year process through mineral rich stone gives Boreal's water its incomparable purity and superior taste. Boreal water’s in-ground temperature is 41°F which maintains its perfectly balanced mineral composition and creates its incredibly crisp structure. At the source, the spring water flows underground and is naturally filtered through the stratum. The entire system is designed to ensure that this pure spring water remains natural and unadulterated.    Production Facility   Water is transported from the springs 17 miles to Boreal’s bottling plant located 90 miles north of New York City in Kiamesha Lake and is passed through a series of multimedia particulate filters to remove any sediment. After treating the water with ozone, an oxygen molecule used to ensure sanitation, the water is then bottled with its natural mineral content intact. This 75,000-square-foot bottling facility enables the company to operate flexible bottling capabilities that can service a broad range of customers of all sizes, fulfilling their specialized water and packaging needs. Boreal is currently working on facility enhancements, such as installing a glass bottling line and also sparkling water line, and plans to develop a national network of bottled water production facilities through an aggressive acquisition program and via selective joint ventures.  *Aerial view of Boreal’s 6.5 acre lot    Clients  Boreal’s emphasis on customization and quality has earned the company an impressive reputation, evidenced by its prestigious customer base of high-end beverage brands, retailer channels, high-end hotels and restaurant chains and brands such as H&M, Mercedes, W Hotels, Dean & Deluca, Fred Water, Wat-aah, Saks Fifth Ave, Balance Water, NY Quin Hotel, Bouchon Bakery and Princeton University, just to name a few! Boreal products are also appealing to coffee shops, caused-base marketers, law firms, healthcare, real estate, entertainment, broadcast media, restaurants/bars, schools, fundraising events and are ideal for trade shows, gift baskets, health clubs, schools, fund raisers, sport events, spas, restaurants, golf courses, hotels and resorts, caterers, hospitals and more.    Market, Strategy & Outlook  The U.S. liquid refreshment beverage market grew by 1% in 2012, according to preliminary data from Beverage Marketing Corp., representing a third year of growth after two consecutive declining years. It also represents faster growth than occurred the year before. Within this market, the bottled water industry has demonstrated long and sustained growth and in terms of sales and volume increases has far outpaced the beverage industry for the last 20 years. Bottled water is roughly a $12 billion market in the U.S. in 2012, and above-average growth rates of 6-9% should continue in coming years. The industry has grown along two divergent paths, one focused on low-margin, undifferentiated, commoditized product and the other centered on innovative packaging, labeling and marketing. Boreal is well-positioned to benefit from and has sharpened its focus on this latter trend. The company has established clearly defined strategies to expand its market reach and increase company value.      Company History  In 1884, Stephen J. Reynolds started an ice business in Monticello, New York, using natural ice from Kiamesha Lake. By 1932 Stephen’s son Aston and his son Harold A. Reynolds had assumed the business and became partners. In 1959 the Monticello Ice Company’s name was changed to A.T Reynolds & Sons and was incorporated under the New York State laws. In 1979 the brand name of Leisure Time was developed as a seller of packaged ice to stores in three states, and 100 years after its inception the company also packaged bottled spring water. In 1990 the company constructed new offices, bottling plant and warehouse at Kiamesha Lake, New York, and Leisure Time Spring Water was incorporated. Six years later the company installed two Mag-Plastic Blow Molding machines and began onsite blowing of its own PET products. In 2004 Leisure Time Spring Water’s ice business was sold to Arctic Glacier of Newburgh and the company tightened its focus solely on spring water. Over the next several years the company acquired several different accounts and bottled products to be distributed on the East Coast. Though the company had been very successful throughout the years, in 2008 Harold Reynolds filed for bankruptcy and in April of 2009 the company was bought by Boreal Water Collection. Boreal changed the name to Boreal Water Collection, Inc. dba Leisure Time Spring Water in order to keep the brand recognition. Majority owner and CEO Francine Lavoie is currently revamping and seeking additional lines and equipment which will increase jobs, productivity and most importantly, position the company toward becoming the No. 1 leader in private label bottled water in the northeast U.S.    Leadership   Francine Lavoie Chairman & CEO of Boreal and Saint-Elie Francine Lavoie holds several awards, including Best Business of the Year, Excellence in Export from the Minister of Agriculture, Best Business Builder of the Year, and Best Woman Entrepreneur of the Year. In 2001 Lavoie became the president of natural spring water bottling plant Les Sources Saint-Elie and restructured the entire company after a major fraud and near-bankruptcy situation. Her strategy included the design and execution of a new marketing approach as well as management of the entire plant operation, from sales, finance and manufacturing to obtaining a permit to increase production from regulatory agencies, which makes Saint-Elie one of Canada’s largest sources in Quebec. Lavoie’s experience also includes real estate development, product conception and international sales. In April of 2009, Lavoie acquired Leisure Time Spring Water (LTSW) and sold the company’s HOD division to a distributor in New Jersey. She has renegotiated all contracts with suppliers and customers, restructured and conducted a successful turnaround strategy, and has developed and designed a new marketing approach with a goal of making Boreal Water Collection the Northeastern U.S. leader for high-end private label bottled water. Lavoie has also already obtained approval for the status of a Regionally Significant Project under the Empire Zone State Program, which will allow the company to get taxes incentives. Lavoie has a B.A.Sc. in Chemical Engineering, P.Eng. and an M.B.A. in International Finance and Trade. Christopher Umecki V.P / Plant Manager / Head of Design Dept. & IT Dept. of Boreal Christopher Umecki leads Boreal’s design and IT departments. He’s been involved in publicity, graphic design and photography for more than 15 years. Umecki’s realisations encompass photo art, logos and brochures, infography, graphics and design and production of electronic and printed material. Umecki has experience with organisations like Alfred Sung, Tropicana and L'Oreal and is recognized in the industry for his creativity and innovations. He also manages all the bottling, ordering and deliveries process, directly from the Boreal plant. Vivian Faliski Controller of Boreal Vivian Faliski joined Boreal in January 2009, thus benefiting the company with her knowledge in accounting and finance. She is currently handling multiple tasks as the company’s Controller. Faliski has a Bachelor’s degree in accounting, has more than 15 years of experience in manufacturing, and has more than five years of experience in the automotive field.        Boreal Water Collection, Inc.  			4496 State Rd. 42N 			Kiamesha Lake, NY 12751 			Phone: (845) 794-0400 			Toll free: (866) 429-0101 www.BorealWater.com investors@BorealWater.com           DAILY CHART   Weekly      









Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (131)


Hide Intro


View Posters


 Poststream


Bans (3)


Show Quote


Filter Disabled









PostSubject< Older | Newer >


#65566
                                 
                            
Lol!

wz9ytp
07/26/17 09:36:31 PM


#65565
                                 
                            
I don't have private messages until "happy hour"

Merciernole
07/26/17 09:04:09 PM


#65564
                                 
                            
Boreal Water Collection (fka BRWC)

Merciernole
07/26/17 06:30:17 PM


#65563
                                 
                            
What's the story with Boreal these days anyway

RJB225
07/26/17 11:41:14 AM


#65562
                                 
                            
Hopefully she can shed some light on what's

inforthemoney2
07/25/17 08:44:54 PM


#65561
                                 
                            
Get us something that be nice

Ramseagle
07/25/17 06:33:01 PM


#65560
                                 
                            
Hopefully BRWC agreed to be acquired by a

Gtn135
07/25/17 06:32:09 PM


#65559
                                 
                            
Probably we will see resurrection of tweeter James

Rogerthat1
07/25/17 06:30:15 PM


#65558
                                 
                            
I'm wondering what it means

Ramseagle
07/25/17 06:23:51 PM


#65557
                                 
                            
A few mins ago, I texted her asking

Gtn135
07/25/17 06:16:54 PM


#65556
                                 
                            
She wrote back to you as well

Ramseagle
07/25/17 06:13:18 PM


#65555
                                 
                            
I got end of July as well..Monday July

Gtn135
07/25/17 06:12:45 PM


#65554
                                 
                            
Make an offer and I will consider it.

RJB225
07/24/17 04:20:07 PM


#65553
                                 
                            
What information do you know that we dont

Ramseagle
07/24/17 12:42:03 PM


#65552
                                 
                            
Being dead serious.  Who wants to sell

Benwahsauce
07/24/17 09:15:14 AM


#65551
                                 
                            
Sure! You can buy my shares. 

Merciernole
07/24/17 09:01:31 AM


#65550
                                 
                            
Anybody want to sell me their shares?

Benwahsauce
07/23/17 09:18:09 PM


#65549
                                 
                            
There was a Decision - on July 21

linda1
07/23/17 10:29:52 AM


#65547
                                 
                            
July of this year, or the next one?

Gtn135
07/19/17 02:15:38 PM


#65546
                                 
                            
Lol lol no worries. Gold gold gold #1

Rogerthat1
07/18/17 06:50:31 PM


#65545
                                 
                            
Got a message today I had asked if

Ramseagle
07/18/17 06:41:19 PM


#65543
                                 
                            
Yeah yeah..move on.. I don't know them..I'm still

Gtn135
07/14/17 07:11:28 PM


#65542
                                 
                            
Lol!!!!!

wz9ytp
07/14/17 06:00:34 PM


#65541
                                 
                            
Merci... that stock is a good one. I

Monroe1
07/14/17 05:39:17 PM


#65540
                                 
                            
No, thank you! After your unconditional support for

Merciernole
07/14/17 03:03:07 PM


#65539
                                 
                            
Thanks will check them out.

inforthemoney2
07/14/17 11:08:04 AM


#65538
                                 
                            
Yes, keep an eye on ICNM 5G wireless

Gtn135
07/14/17 11:04:32 AM


#65537
                                 
                            
Anything about right now would help imo.

inforthemoney2
07/14/17 10:48:47 AM


#65536
                                 
                            
Me too. Let's see.

Monroe1
07/13/17 09:52:23 AM


#65535
                                 
                            
Yes...interesting to note how the company has been

Gtn135
07/12/17 11:13:06 PM


#65534
                                 
                            
they have until the 23rd. Could be this

Monroe1
07/11/17 10:40:24 AM


#65533
                                 
                            
Look at ICNM, Form 10 and RF Engineering

Gtn135
07/10/17 04:22:23 PM


#65532
                                 
                            
True enough. My fault here was not recognizing

RJB225
07/10/17 03:09:21 PM


#65531
                                 
                            
China Deal = Multiple Million Dollar FLOP of

Merciernole
07/10/17 12:23:18 PM


#65530
                                 
                            
In my opinion, her lack of communication goes

Merciernole
07/10/17 11:56:32 AM


#65529
                                 
                            
The thing is after the company was de-listed

RJB225
07/10/17 10:18:59 AM


#65528
                                 
                            
RJB - The #1 CEO must be on

Merciernole
07/10/17 10:07:04 AM


#65527
                                 
                            
Fran, stop dodging us and answer the questions

Merciernole
07/08/17 06:38:13 PM


#65526
                                 
                            
I have a few questions Francine. Where are

RJB225
07/08/17 10:07:59 AM


#65525
                                 
                            
Fran, are you there? Can you maybe put

Merciernole
07/07/17 02:47:15 PM


#65524
                                 
                            
Runaway Fran? Are you out there? Hideaway Fran?

Merciernole
07/07/17 01:57:19 PM


#65523
                                 
                            
Linda was 100% right, Fran!

Merciernole
07/06/17 10:33:33 PM


#65522
                                 
                            
Wrong, Fran! It looks like Linda, myself and

Merciernole
07/06/17 10:19:03 PM


#65521
                                 
                            
Great attitude even back then!  Fran, when

Merciernole
07/06/17 10:16:15 PM


#65520
                                 
                            
Hey Fran, 

Merciernole
07/06/17 10:12:49 PM


#65519
                                 
                            
Boreal Water Collection (fka BRWC).....

Merciernole
07/06/17 10:07:39 PM


#65518
                                 
                            
Thanks for the update I'll check it out.

inforthemoney2
07/06/17 08:59:09 AM


#65517
                                 
                            
Nothing has changed since this was delisted many,

Merciernole
07/05/17 02:29:51 PM


#65516
                                 
                            
I was once a shareholder and as I

janetcanada
07/05/17 02:27:07 PM


#65515
                                 
                            
If that's the case, why are you still

Merciernole
07/05/17 02:24:26 PM

PostSubject< Older | Newer >
















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (131)


Hide Intro


View Posters


 Poststream


Bans (3)


Show Quote


Filter Disabled














            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB7
        


























 




Boreal Water Collection, Inc. (OTC: BRWC) - Penny Stock Company Alert- 













BRWC Website   |  

About BRWC   |  

BRWC Label   |  

BRWC IR       
                   
Get
FinancialNewsMedia.com  
Alerts

Privacy Policy

Boreal Water Collection, Inc. (OTC: BRWC) - 
September 15, 2014
 



BOREAL WATER COLLECTION COMPLETES $24 MILLION 
PRIVATE LABEL AGREEMENT IN ASIA WITH SOHO CORP AND RECEIVES FIRST ORDER FOR ITS 
CATSKILL MOUNTAIN SPRING WATER UNDER THE BRAND NAME CATSKY  
--Global Bottled Water Market Reached Over $157 Billion in 
2013-- 
 
KIAMESHA LAKE, NY, - Boreal Water Collection, 
Inc. (OTC: BRWC), a high end 
private label bottled water company from NY, announced today that it has 
completed a $24 million private label agreement with SOHO Corp. for the Asian 
Market and received from them the first order for Boreal’s Catskill Mountain 
Spring Water under the brand name CATSKY. Recently we have announced that SOHO 
Corp. has received all the necessary approvals from the Chinese government to 
import “Boreal’s Water” product in large quantities. The total value of this 
agreement is approximately $24M over a 36 month period. 

According to a new report by Transparency Market Research, China is the most 
active market worldwide for bottled water. 
Asia Pacific dominated the global 
bottled water market and accounted for 33% of the global demand valued at 
approximately $157.27 Billion in 2013. In the coming six years, Asia Pacific is 
expected to remain the most promising 
market, with an estimated compound annual growth rate of 10.5% in terms of 
revenue from 2014 to 2020. The market is expected to reach $279.65 billion by 
2020.

“We are very exciting to start our new business, and looking forward to a long 
term partner with your company Boreal. We hope in the future we can have big 
successful business in China with the Catsky bottled water” Mr. Peter Cao Yi, 
General Manager of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.
”We are so pleased with this private label agreement with SOHO Corp. and very 
happy to receive this new order from China. Asia is a huge market for our 
products. SOHO Corp. is a major player in Asia and they will promote the CATSKY 
brand for which the natural spring water comes from our Catskill Mountains 
spring. We strongly believe that this strategic alliance will help us penetrate 
this large Asian market earlier than expected and generate profits for our loyal 
shareholders in our 2015 forecast of revenues.” Stated Francine Lavoie, CEO of 
Boreal Water Collection, Inc..
About Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. a/k/a SOHO Corp.

Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. a/k/a SOHO Corp., is a multi-billion 
dollar China-based company originally founded in October 1979. SOHO’ s 
registered capital is 352.8 million Yuan; the net asset is 2 billion Yuan; the 
total asset is 5 billion Yuan. The total imports and exports of a year reach 1.1 
billion dollars, and the sales revenue exceeds 10 billion Yuan. Its main 
businesses include import and export trade, domestic trade, industrial 
investment and brand management. www.meetsoho.com

About Boreal Water Collection, Inc. 

Boreal Water Collection is a personalized bottler of a full and diverse line of 
various types of water including:

• Functional Enhanced Water • Infused Water • Carbonated Water • Vitamins 
Enhanced Water
• Flavored Still or Sparkling • Minerals Enhanced Water • Oxygenated Water • 
Electrolyte Water
• Distilled Water • Alkaline Water • Caffeinated Water • Natural Spring Water

Boreal provides premium custom bottled water for its clients and customers, 
whether it is for publicity, promotion, marketing, internal use or a specific 
event. Boreal also offers fully integrated turnkey service, with prize-winning 
Boreal private label water, made-to-order labeling, along with distinctive water 
containers. Current and past customers include Ritz Carlton, Tommy Hilfiger, 
Saks Fifth Ave, Infiniti, Guess, LaCosta, Porsche, Re/Max, BMW Balance Water, 
Wa-taah Water, Fred Water, Dean & DeLuca, the Quin Hotel, WestHouse New York, 
the Surrey New York City, Bouchon Bakery, Princeton University and 3M. Unlike 
its competitors, Boreal has exclusive access to two pristine and abundant 
springs, one an award-winning source deep in the untouched wilds of Canada, and 
the other in the prestigious Catskill Mountains region in New York State. With 
exclusive unlimited exploitation rights, Boreal has a confirmed volume in excess 
of thousands of millions of gallons.

For more information on Boreal Water Collection, please contact us by email at: 
investors@borealwater.com , sales@borealwater.com, or follow us at 
www.borealwater.com and on the different social media sites such as 
www.facebook.com/privatelabelbottledwater and www.linkedin.com/in/borealwater

 
Boreal Water Collection Experiences Continued Growth by 
Increasing Sales in the Second Quarter Financials 

KIAMESHA LAKE, NY, - Boreal Water Collection, 
Inc. (OTC: BRWC), a high end 
private label bottled water company from NY, announced today that it has 
experienced continued growth by exceeding sales projections in the second 
quarter financials. The company announces that its revenues for the three months 
ended June 30, 2014 and 2013, were of $680,671 and $588,184, an increase of 
$92,487, or 15.7%. Costs of sales were 78% and 80% and the gross profit 
percentages were 22% and 20%, respectively. For further details regarding our 
quarterly report or our financial statements filed at http://www.otcmarkets.com.

"We strengthened the core of our product line, expanded globally our client 
list, and managed to drive growth with disciplined decisions, bold innovation, 
and focused execution," said Francine Lavoie, CEO of Boreal Water Collection, 
Inc. "I am proud that our Boreal Water revenue increased in the second quarter 
of this year and we are projecting them to exponentially increase in the coming 
year. Our solid execution and expense discipline will rapidly allow us to grow 
production and deliver a strong finish to the fiscal year along with a long term 
shareholder value."

About Boreal Water Collection, Inc.

Boreal Water Collection is a personalized bottler of a full and diverse line of 
various 
types of water including:

Functional Enhanced Water - Infused Water

Carbonated Water - Vitamins Enhanced Water

Flavored Still or Sparkling - Minerals Enhanced Water

Oxygenated Water - Electrolyte Water

Distilled Water - Alkaline Water

Caffeinated Water - Natural Spring Water

Boreal provides premium custom bottled water for its clients and customers, 
whether it is for publicity, promotion, marketing, internal use or a specific 
event. Boreal also offers fully integrated turnkey service, with prize-winning 
Boreal private label water, made-to-order labelling, along with distinctive 
water containers. Current and past customers include Ritz Carlton, Tommy 
Hilfiger, Saks Fifth Ave, Infiniti, Guess, LaCosta, Porsche, Re/Max, BMW Balance 
Water, Wa-taah Water, Fred Water, Dean & DeLuca, the Quin Hotel, WestHouse New 
York, the Surrey New York City, Bouchon Bakery, Princeton University and 3M. 
Unlike its competitors, Boreal has exclusive access to two pristine and abundant 
springs, one an award-winning source deep in the untouched wilds of Canada, and 
the other in the prestigious Catskill Mountains region in New York State. With 
exclusive unlimited exploitation rights, Boreal has a confirmed volume in excess 
of thousands of millions of gallons.

For more information on Boreal Water Collection, please contact us by email at: 
investors@borealwater.com , sales@borealwater.com, or follow us at 
www.borealwater.com and on the different social media sites such as 
www.facebook.com/privatelabelbottledwater and www.linkedin.com/in/borealwater.
Safe Harbor for Forward-Looking Statements: 

This news release includes forward-looking statements. While these statements 
are made to convey to the public the company's progress, business opportunities 
and growth prospects, readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements 
represent management's opinion. Whereas management believes such representations 
to be true and accurate based on information and data available to the company 
at this time, actual results may differ materially from those described. The 
company's operations and business prospects are always subject to risk and 
uncertainties. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ are and 
will be set forth in the company's periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission.

Contact Information
Boreal Water Collection
investors@borealwater.com
www.borealwater.com

Source: Boreal Water Collection, Inc.
 


Disclaimer
FN Media Group LLC (FNMG) owns and operates 
FinancialNewsMedia.com (FNM) 
which is a third party publisher that disseminates electronic information 
through multiple online media channels. FNMG's intended purposes are to deliver 
market updates and news alerts issued from private and publicly trading 
companies as well as providing coverage and increased awareness for companies 
that issue press to the public via online newswires. FNMG and its affiliated 
companies are a news dissemination and financial marketing solutions provider 
and are NOT a registered broker/dealer/analyst/adviser, holds no investment 
licenses and may NOT sell, offer to sell or offer to buy any security. FNMG's 
market updates, news alerts and corporate profiles are NOT a solicitation or 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. The material in this release is 
intended to be strictly informational and is NEVER to be construed or 
interpreted as research material. All readers are strongly urged to perform 
research and due diligence on their own and consult a licensed financial 
professional before considering any level of investing in stocks. The companies 
that are discussed in this release may or may not have approved the statements 
made in this release. Information in this release is derived from a variety of 
sources that may or may not include the referenced company's publicly 
disseminated information. The accuracy or completeness of the information is not 
warranted and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained. 
While this information is believed to be reliable, such reliability cannot be 
guaranteed. FNMG disclaims any and all liability as to the completeness or 
accuracy of the information contained and any omissions of material fact in this 
release. This release may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical 
errors. It is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be 
discussed with a financial adviser, or a broker-dealer, or a member of any 
financial regulatory bodies. Investment in the securities of the companies 
discussed in this release is highly speculative and carries a high degree of 
risk. FNMG is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or 
subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of 
their investment when investing in stocks. This release is not without bias, and 
is considered a conflict of interest if compensation has been received by FNMG 
for its dissemination. To comply with Section 17(b) of the Securities Act of 
1933, FNMG shall always disclose any compensation it has received, or expects to 
receive in the future, for the dissemination of the information found herein on 
behalf of one or more of the companies mentioned in this release. For current 
services performed FNMG has been compensated two thousand two hundred dollars 
for news coverage of the current press release issued by Boreal Water 
Collection, Inc. by a 
non-affiliated third party. 

This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 
27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking statements are made 
pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" describe future expectations, 
plans, results, or strategies and are generally preceded by words such as "may", 
"future", "plan" or "planned", "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", 
"draft", "eventually" or "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are 
subject to a multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future 
circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those projected in 
the forward-looking statements, including the risks that actual results may 
differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a 
result of various factors, and other risks identified in a company's annual 
report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other filings made by such company with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. You should consider these factors in 
evaluating the forward-looking statements included herein, and not place undue 
reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are 
made as of the date hereof and FNMG undertakes no obligation to update such 
statements. 

 







 







 



Boreal Water Collection Inc. Announces Acquisition of Spring Water Business in NY State - BevNET.com






 













 



























































BevNET



 

]">

 








Boreal Water Collection Inc. Announces Acquisition of Spring Water Business in NY State

BevNET.com Staff Apr. 7, 2009 at 9:30 am









        More 











MONTREAL–(Marketwire – April 6, 2009) – On Friday, March 27 Boreal Water Collection Inc. (“Boreal”) (PINKSHEETS: BRWC) won its bid in U.S. Bankruptcy Court to acquire the spring water business of Leisure Time Spring Water, based in Kiamesha Lake, NY. A.T. Reynolds & Sons Inc. has been operating under Chapter 11 of the US bankruptcy code since December 2008. The transaction was consummated on Friday, April 3rd. In exchange for consideration consisting of a combination of cash and assumption of debt, Boreal acquired all of A.T. Reynolds’ assets, other than its New York and New Jersey Home and Office Delivery businesses (HOD), which A.T. Reynolds sold to a third party. 

Boreal will focus Leisure Time’s resources on the high-end private label bottled water business. Boreal will, however, still bottle the 3, 4 & 5 gallons containers for the buyer of the HOD business, under a separate bottling agreement. 

A.T. Reynolds & Sons Inc. has operated its Leisure Time spring water company in Kiamesha Lake for 125 years. Located 90 miles from New York City, the 72,000 square foot Kiamesha Lake facility includes six bottling production lines which will help support the company’s sales and distribution to customers in New York City and the rest of the Northeastern United States. 

About Boreal Water Collection Inc. 

Boreal Water Collection’s goal is to become the leading producer of high-end private label bottled water in North America. BOREAL plans to achieve this goal by developing its affiliation with Les Sources Saint-Elie Inc., a Canadian company that has been the leading producer of high-end private label bottled water in Eastern Canada over the last decade. BOREAL is committed to providing its customers with the highest quality bottled water products at the most affordable prices possible. In addition, Boreal prides itself on providing outstanding customer service. Through its license with Les Sources Saint-Elie Inc., Boreal has an impressive product line, featuring various labels and water bottle shapes and sizes. In today’s health-conscious society, private label bottled water is an effective and highly desirable vehicle to promote businesses. Because Boreal provides a turn-key solution, it is able to offer its service to almost every type of corporate customer. 

Production Facilities — Boreal Water Collection intends to develop a national network of bottled water production facilities through an aggressive acquisition program and via selective joint ventures. 

Distribution network — Boreal intends to expand its distribution network by granting distribution licenses to selected well-established distributors, in addition to developing its own national corporate accounts. 

About Saint Elie 

Les Sources Saint-Elie Inc. is a leading producer of high-end private label bottled water in Eastern Canada. Saint-Elie offers a variety of bottle sizes: 18.9L, 11L, 4L, 1.5L, 1L, 500ml, and 410ml. From concept, through to the application, Saint Elie can assist your company in attaching its name to its naturally pure and healthy product. Saint-Élie water is naturally filtered for over 60 years through a very hard natural crystalline rock shield, hence giving it a superior level of purity and taste.
 
 










 



Latest News









				Seattle’s Sound Kombucha On the Rise			


 







				Basemakers and Phoodie Merge			


 







				Juice Served Here Expands in Grocery			


 

SPONSORED POST






				Video: Scott Uzzell Talks VEB’s Past 10 Years & Predicts Industry Future			


 

 







Marketplace










Product Development, Formulation and Beverage B...


 


 


Featured Jobs










East Bay Craft Cider Sales Representative - Gol...


 








Sacramento Craft Cider Sales Representative - G...


 








Packaging Assistant Manager, Canning  - Deschut...


 








Territory Sales Representative - Florida - Lord...


 








Internal Distributors, Route Specific - Fresh B...


 








Sales Account Administrator  - Groundwork Coffee


 


 


Additional News









							Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO						


 







							Distribution News: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner						


 







							Caribe Opens New Production Facility						


 







							TemperPack Raises $10M						


 








Beverage Industry Jobs



Packaging Manager - Ecliptic Brewing
Quality Assurance Analyst - Stone Brewing Co.
DSD Representative for Growing Kombucha Company - Revive Kombucha
On Premise Activation Specialist - Key West, FL - Inspira Marketing






Subscribe to BevNET's Daily Newsletter









Recent Articles




Features
Newswire
Spirits
Beer





Seattle’s Sound Kombucha On the Rise
Basemakers and Phoodie Merge
Juice Served Here Heads East, Expands Grocery Presence
Val Stalowir Named Reed’s CEO
Distribution Roundup: Roar, L.A. Libations Partner
Caribe Seeks Growth With New Production Facility
TemperPack Raises $10M To Upset Packaging Industry




Mariah Fineman Appointed as President for ​iDrink Beverages
Coca-Cola Zero Sugar Launches in U.S. with New and Improved Real Coca-Cola Taste
Juice Press To Open First D.C. Store In Union Station
Fairlife Introduces SuperKids Ultra-Filtered Milk with DHA Omega-3
Tea Of A Kind Introduces Eco-Friendly 4-Pack
Former Nestlé USA Executive Joins Moonshine Sweet Tea
AquaNew’s Watt-Ahh Releases Commemorative Anniversary 1L Bottles




James E. Pepper Distillery in Lexington, KY Receives Historic Distillery License
Heaven Hill Distillery Releases 2017 Parker’s Heritage Collection
IBHL Appoints Steph Ridgway as Manager of Brand Education
Catoctin Creek Distilling Company Spirits to Enter Pennsylvania in September
Heaven Hill Brands to Acquire Carolan’s Irish Cream Liqueur, Irish Mist Liqueur
Copper & Kings American Brandy Co. Adds Five New Markets
Bardstown Bourbon Company Appoints John J. Mack to Board of Directors




Creating National Sales Platform, Brooklyn Brewery Invests in 21st Amendment, Funkwerks
Short’s Brewing Sells Minority Stake to Lagunitas
Coronado Brewing to Release Beach Break IPA Seasonal
Left Hand Brewing Co. to Release Milk Stout Nitro in Cans
Odell Brewing Releases Sunny Rain Golden Tart in Cans
Gunwhale Ales Hires New Head Brewer
Sierra Nevada Partners with Brauhaus Miltenberger on Oktoberfest Beer








Upcoming Events








BevNET Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Dec 4 - 5, 2017




 






NOSH Live Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • November 30, 2017




 






Brewbound Session Winter 2017

Santa Monica, CA • Nov. 29, 2017




 








BevNET.com



 
 





















Follow Us:








Free E-Newsletters:


 BevNET Daily


 Project NOSH (Natural Food)


 Brewbound.com (Craft Beer)




 


BevNET Beverage School is an on-demand, video-based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry.

 


Click to View Current Issue
Published 8x per year, BevNET Magazine is the leading industry magazine for analysis of trends, innovation, marketing, and product development.

 


The BevNET Podcast is now Taste Radio, the podcast for the beverage, food and beer industries. New episodes every Friday.







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Decorative Rain Barrels on Hayneedle - Decorative Barrels

























TOP


\r\n\tFree Shipping on Orders Over $50\r\n\tSolutions for Every Space, Style & Budget\r\n









Call Us: 
1.888.880.4884





Guest #
													1-971-442-050 
												







Rooms
Styles
Ideas




						Free Shipping Over $49
					
















    







Favorites


Sign In
Create an Account
















Account





														Sign In
													

Track Order
Hayneedle Rewards
Registries

Create an Account













0




My Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
											
												Sign in to see items you might have addedpreviously.
											
											




My Cart




















								Furniture 
							




								Outdoor 
							




								Decor 
							




								Baby & Kids 
							




								Bed & Bath 
							




								Kitchen & Dining 
							




								Lighting 
							




								Pets 
							




								Home Improvement 
							




								Seasonal Shop 
							




								More ... 
							




								Sale 
							






									Furniture 
								




									Outdoor 
								




									Decor 
								




									Baby & Kids 
								




									Bed & Bath 
								




									Kitchen & Dining 
								




									Lighting 
								




									Pets 
								




									Home Improvement 
								




									Seasonal Shop 
								




									More ... 
								




									Sale 
								
































Outdoor Sale & Clearance



Cut-a-Rug Sale



Style Spotlight: Farmhouse



Nursery & Kids Furniture Sale









Hayneedle



Outdoor



Gardening & Lawn Care



Rain Barrels & Equipment



Rain Barrels
											:
												 Decorative













Decorative Rain Barrels














 ()











 ()






Narrow By




															Plastic Rain Barrels (22)
														






															Recycled Plastic Rain Barrels (2)
														






															All Other Materials (1)
														




Rain Barrel Feature




															Collapsible (2)
														






															Commercial (8)
														






															Decorative (24)
														






															Flat Back (14)
														






															Wood Grain (7)
														




Rain Barrel Capacity




															Up to 50 gal (12)
														






															50 - 55 gal (7)
														






															55 - 60 gal (4)
														






															60 - 65 gal (6)
														






															65 gal and up (9)
														




Brand




															Algreen (5)
														






															Emsco (6)
														






															Exaco (1)
														






															Mayne (1)
														



											+ More





															Good Ideas (6)
														




															Rain Water Solutions (1)
														




Color




															Black (8)
														






															Blue (2)
														






															Brown (21)
														






															Beige (21)
														






															Green (4)
														






															Neutral (13)
														






															Gray (7)
														






															Orange (7)
														






															White (2)
														






															All Other Colors (7)
														




Customer Reviews




															5 stars (2)
														






															4 stars and up (10)
														






															3 stars and up (16)
														






															2 stars and up (19)
														






															1 star and up (19)
														




Price




															$50-$100 (9)
														






															$100-$200 (9)
														






															$200 and up (6)
														




International Shipping




															Canada (11)
														




More




															On Sale (21)
														






															Quick Shipping (5)
														






															Top Selling (15)
														






Sponsored Links



















  

                    Search within allows you to refine your search results.
                    






                        1 - 24 
                    

                        
                            of 24 
                    
 Results



                        
                            Sorted by
                        
                    










Search Within:











Holiday Shipping: 











:
                









Clear All

















Learn More















Shop the Full Collection














(#HN-)












$0.00




































Quick View












































   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




Good Ideas  Rain Wizard 65 Gallon  Rain Barrel Urn




Starting At


$91.00



Up to


                                            35% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Color: 8 available






Free Shipping

















284

#GID045




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




Coral Coast Catalina 45 Gallon Rain Barrel






$79.98



                                            11% OFF
                                            
                                        

$89.99



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















10

#FCM007




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




Modemmo 26-Gallon Rain Barrel






$79.99



                                            20% OFF
                                            
                                        

$99.99













Free Shipping

















4

#FCM005




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Rain Water Solutions 50 Gallon Rain Barrel




Starting At


$93.11



Up to


                                            42% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping

















70

#RWS004




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Good Ideas Impressions Reflections 50-Gallon Rain Saver with Planter




Starting At


$94.36



Up to


                                            33% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 4 available






Free Shipping






#GID114




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Good Ideas Savannah Rain Saver with Planter




Starting At


$89.16



Up to


                                            36% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 3 available






Free Shipping

















56

#GID088




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Good Ideas Impressions Nantucket Rain Saver




Starting At


$97.96



Up to


                                            39% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 3 available






Free Shipping






#GID108




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Good Ideas Rain Wizard Rain Barrel Rock




Starting At


$95.23



Up to


                                            44% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color:












Free Shipping

















18

#GID047




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Good Ideas Impressions Downton 50-Gallon Rain Saver with Planter




Starting At


$83.05



Up to


                                            45% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Color: 9 available






Free Shipping

















2

#GID113




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Algreen Athena Rain Barrel




Starting At


$117.02



Up to


                                            10% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Capacity: 2 available
(+ Color)






Free Shipping

















1

#AGI019




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Algreen Barcelona 100 Gallon Rain Barrel




Starting At


$223.09



Up to


                                            11% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping

















6

#AGI007




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Rescue 60 Gallon Stoneware Rainwater Urn




Starting At


$129.74



Up to


                                            57% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping

















1

#EGP007




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Algreen Castilla 50 Gallon Rain Barrel




Starting At


$105.72



Up to


                                            19% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping

















4

#AGI005




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Rescue 85 Gallon Stoneware Rainwater Urn




Starting At


$198.66



Up to


                                            43% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping

















7

#EGP008




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Mayne Madison Rain Barrel




Starting At


$181.38



Up to


                                            21% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping

















7

#MMI008




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Terra Cotta Tuscana Strawberry Pot Rain Barrel






$299.99
















Free Shipping

















23

#PSS001




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Rescue Basketweave Rainwater Urn






$132.99



                                            56% OFF
                                            
                                        

$299.99



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















3

#EGP011




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Algreen Cascata 65 Gallon Rain Barrel




Starting At


$135.79



Up to


                                            32% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 3 available






Free Shipping

















5

#AGI004




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Exaco Oval 73-gal. Plastic Rain Barrel






$339.99






                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping






#EX204




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







WaterStones Rescue 60 Gallon Rainwater Collection System






$210.78



                                            20% OFF
                                            
                                        

$264.99



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















1

#EGP005




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Exaco Wave 92 Gallon Plastic Rain Barrel






$699.99












Select Color: 3 available






Free Shipping






#EX230




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







WaterStones Rescue 40 Gallon Rainwater Collection System






$101.00



                                            8% OFF
                                            
                                        

$109.98



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















35

#EGP002




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







WaterStones Rescue 80 Gallon Rainwater Collection System






$293.19






                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping






#EGP006




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Algreen EcoCascata Rain Barrel




Starting At


$135.79



Up to


                                            20% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Color: 3 available






Free Shipping

















3

#AGI020




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            











We're Sorry, but there are no results for "{{::resultListData.searchTerm}}" that will
arrive before {{::holidayData.name}}.


Options:

Search for a different item.
Uncheck the {{::holidayData.message}} filter.




1




Show All



Decorative Rain Barrels

  
Our decorative rain barrels come in various designs that blend with the outside decor of your home. You can place flowers in the barrels for added color or use them as decorative pieces beside the front porch. Decorative barrels come in various sizes, such as 65 or 85 gallons, and are made of materials ranging from plastic to stone.






						Rain Barrels
					

						3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:0
					

						3:3:3:3:3:3:3:0:0
					

						1:1:1:1:1:1:1:1:1:1:0
					

						1:1:1:1:1:1:1:0:0
					


Sponsored Links




















Submit















About Hayneedle
Our Story
Blog
Partner With Us
In The News
Careers
Site Map
Buying Guides
Supplier Login


Customer Service
Shipping
Returns
Track Order
Contact Us
Help Center
Email Preferences
Gift Certificates
Business Sales



Policies
Satisfaction Guarantee
Rewards
Best Price Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Interest Based Advertising
Security
CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Affiliate Program
Recall Information



Copyright 2002 - 2017, Hayneedle Inc., All rights reserved.






Questions? Call us:  1-888-880-4884



Guest #
								1-971-442-050 
							




Customer Service


										Mon - Fri
											Sat - Sun 
									

										8 am - 11 pm ET
											9 am - 6 pm ET




Sales Assistance


										Mon - Fri
											Sat - Sun 
									

										8 am - 12 am ET
											9 am - 12 am ET























































Flat Back Rain Barrel on Hayneedle - Flat Back Water Containers

























TOP


\r\n\tFree Shipping on Orders Over $50\r\n\tSolutions for Every Space, Style & Budget\r\n









Call Us: 
1.888.880.4884





Guest #
													1-971-442-092 
												







Rooms
Styles
Ideas




						Free Shipping Over $49
					
















    







Favorites


Sign In
Create an Account
















Account





														Sign In
													

Track Order
Hayneedle Rewards
Registries

Create an Account













0




My Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
											
												Sign in to see items you might have addedpreviously.
											
											




My Cart




















								Furniture 
							




								Outdoor 
							




								Decor 
							




								Baby & Kids 
							




								Bed & Bath 
							




								Kitchen & Dining 
							




								Lighting 
							




								Pets 
							




								Home Improvement 
							




								Seasonal Shop 
							




								More ... 
							




								Sale 
							






									Furniture 
								




									Outdoor 
								




									Decor 
								




									Baby & Kids 
								




									Bed & Bath 
								




									Kitchen & Dining 
								




									Lighting 
								




									Pets 
								




									Home Improvement 
								




									Seasonal Shop 
								




									More ... 
								




									Sale 
								
































Outdoor Sale & Clearance



Cut-a-Rug Sale



Style Spotlight: Farmhouse



Nursery & Kids Furniture Sale









Hayneedle



Outdoor



Gardening & Lawn Care



Rain Barrels & Equipment



Rain Barrels
											:
												 Flat Back













Flat Back Rain Barrel














 ()











 ()






Narrow By




															Plastic Rain Barrels (12)
														






															Recycled Plastic Rain Barrels (2)
														






															All Other Materials (1)
														




Rain Barrel Feature




															Collapsible (2)
														






															Commercial (8)
														






															Decorative (24)
														






															Flat Back (14)
														






															Wood Grain (7)
														




Rain Barrel Capacity




															Up to 50 gal (12)
														






															50 - 55 gal (9)
														






															55 - 60 gal (1)
														






															60 - 65 gal (1)
														






															65 gal and up (1)
														




Brand




															Algreen (2)
														



											+ More





															Good Ideas (5)
														




															RainReserve (1)
														




															RTS Companies (3)
														




Color




															Black (6)
														






															Brown (13)
														






															Beige (13)
														






															Green (4)
														






															Neutral (8)
														






															Gray (3)
														






															Orange (6)
														






															All Other Colors (4)
														




Customer Reviews




															5 stars (1)
														






															4 stars and up (10)
														






															3 stars and up (12)
														






															2 stars and up (12)
														






															1 star and up (12)
														




Price




															$50-$100 (8)
														






															$100-$200 (6)
														




International Shipping




															Canada (8)
														




More




															On Sale (11)
														






															Quick Shipping (5)
														






															Top Selling (14)
														






Sponsored Links



















  

                    Search within allows you to refine your search results.
                    






                        1 - 14 
                    

                        
                            of 14 
                    
 Results



                        
                            Sorted by
                        
                    










Search Within:











Holiday Shipping: 











:
                









Clear All

















Learn More















Shop the Full Collection














(#HN-)












$0.00




































Quick View












































   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




Good Ideas  Rain Wizard 65 Gallon  Rain Barrel Urn




Starting At


$91.00



Up to


                                            35% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Color: 8 available






Free Shipping

















284

#GID045




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




Good Ideas 50 Gallon Rain Wizard Flat Back Rain Barrel




Starting At


$71.87



Up to


                                            56% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 5 available






Free Shipping

















248

#GID003




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




Yimby Flat Back Rain Barrel - 50 Gallon - Brown






$84.98



                                            35% OFF
                                            
                                        

$129.99



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















23

#FCM002




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




Good Ideas Rain Wizard Resin 40 Gallon Flat Back Rain Barrel




Starting At


$62.63



Up to


                                            55% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 5 available






Free Shipping

















173

#GID036




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW





EXTRA 10% off with code!




YIMBY Half Barrel Rain Barrel - Brown






$69.98



                                            50% OFF
                                            
                                        

$139.99



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















12

#FCM006




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Good Ideas Rain Wizard 50 Gallon Rain Barrel Urn




Starting At


$86.32



Up to


                                            27% OFF
                                            
                                        








Select Finish: 4 available






Free Shipping

















1

#GID120




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Good Ideas Savannah Rain Saver with Planter




Starting At


$89.16



Up to


                                            36% OFF
                                            
                                        


                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 3 available






Free Shipping

















56

#GID088




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







RTS Wood Grain Resin Flat Back Rain Barrel






$110.75



                                            26% OFF
                                            
                                        

$149.99



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















85

#RTS001




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







RTS Home Accents RTS ECO Barrel - Black






$72.04



                                            28% OFF
                                            
                                        

$99.99



                                            Sale
                                        









Free Shipping

















24

#RTS089




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Algreen Madison 49 Gallon Rain Barrel






$132.49






                                            Sale
                                        





Select Color: 1 available






Free Shipping

















8

#AGI003




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







RTS Flat Back 50 Gallon Rain Barrel




Starting At


$103.99












Select Finish: 2 available






Free Shipping

















24

#RTS073




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







RainReserve Build-a-Barrel 50 Gallon Rain Barrel with Diverter Kit




Starting At


$148.19












Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping






#EGL009




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            

























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Algreen Madison 49 Gallon Rain Barrel Fountain






$139.99












Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping

















3

#AGI006




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            























   			Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
   		




























QUICK VIEW







Impressions Amphora 50 Gallon Rain Saver






$135.99












Select Color: 2 available






Free Shipping






#GID130




                Added to Favorites


Sign In to Favorite Item
            











We're Sorry, but there are no results for "{{::resultListData.searchTerm}}" that will
arrive before {{::holidayData.name}}.


Options:

Search for a different item.
Uncheck the {{::holidayData.message}} filter.




1




Show All




						Rain Barrels
					

						3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:3:0
					

						3:3:3:3:3:3:3:0:0
					

						1:1:1:1:1:1:1:1:1:1:0
					

						1:1:1:1:1:1:1:0:0
					


Sponsored Links




















Submit















About Hayneedle
Our Story
Blog
Partner With Us
In The News
Careers
Site Map
Buying Guides
Supplier Login


Customer Service
Shipping
Returns
Track Order
Contact Us
Help Center
Email Preferences
Gift Certificates
Business Sales



Policies
Satisfaction Guarantee
Rewards
Best Price Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Interest Based Advertising
Security
CA Transparency in Supply Chains Act
Affiliate Program
Recall Information



Copyright 2002 - 2017, Hayneedle Inc., All rights reserved.






Questions? Call us:  1-888-880-4884



Guest #
								1-971-442-092 
							




Customer Service


										Mon - Fri
											Sat - Sun 
									

										8 am - 11 pm ET
											9 am - 6 pm ET




Sales Assistance


										Mon - Fri
											Sat - Sun 
									

										8 am - 12 am ET
											9 am - 12 am ET






















































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v




































Home Decor Catalog | Gifts, Apparel, & Accessories | Collections Etc.











































Catalog Quick Order


Help


Log In

























15% OFF TODAY!


Favorites


Cart
























































Aqua Dog >
Only $12.99
			






Finishing Touch Flawless >
Only $19.99
			



 




















Home Décor >







Outdoor >







Problem Solvers >





















Shop by Theme












Fall

Halloween

Vineyard


Country


Woodland


Sunflower


Rooster








Western


Southwest


Inspirational


Lighthouse


Beach & Seashell


Cat


Dog









Shop by Room







Bathroom


Bedroom


Garage


Kitchen & Dining


Laundry Room


Office


Outdoor





























































































Home Decor | Furnishings & Accessories | Collections Etc



























Catalog Quick Order


Help


Log In

























15% OFF TODAY!


Favorites



                                    Cart
                                














Showing 1-12 of 1355 results for 

Home Decor














(Clear All)




Category (Clear)










Home Decor (1355) 

Curtains (244) 

Floral (164) 

Furniture (28) 

Home Accessories (416) 

Home Lighting (89) 

Rugs & Mats (228) 

Wall Decor (246) 
 





Collection (Clear)













Christmas Shoppe (131)





Floral (109)





Butterflies (73)





Country (61)





Cabin/Woodland (56)


( + ) Show 30 More



Beach/Coastal (34)





Hummingbird (29)





Inspirational (29)





Sunflowers (26)





Southwest (25)





Poinsettia (24)





Americana (23)





Bears (19)





Western (16)





Nautical (15)





Tropical/Luau (15)





Victorian (15)





Cardinals (14)





Santas (14)





Indoor Garden (12)





Snowmen (12)





Vineyard (10)





Angels (9)





Moose (9)





Roosters (9)





Lighthouses (8)





Owls (8)





Apples (6)





Chickadee (4)





French Country (4)





Frogs & Turtles (4)





Safari (3)





Asian (2)





Fairies (1)





Peacock (1)


( - ) Show Less

 





Price (Clear)












Up to $9.99 (426)





$10 - $14.99 (479)





$15 - $19.99 (295)





$20 - $24.99 (59)





$25 - $29.99 (44)





$30 and Up (52)


 





More Ways to Shop (Clear)













New (226)





Exclusive (334)





Sale (293)





Clearance (380)





Buy 2 and Save (1)


( - ) Show Less

 





Room (Clear)












Living/Family Room (1064)





Bedroom (312)





Dining Room (252)





Kitchen (208)





Outdoors/Patio (183)





Bathroom (59)





Office (47)





Laundry Room (32)





Garage (8)


 
















Curtains 





Furniture Covers 





Rugs & Mats 





Home Lighting 





Wall Decor 





Floral 





Home Accessories 





Furniture 





Accent Pillows 





Decorative Accents & Figurines 







Stylish & Affordable Decor for Every Room of your Home





Text Size:












Showing 1-12 of 1355








Sort By:

Best Match




Best Match


Best Sellers


New


Exclusive


Price: Lowest to Highest


Price: Highest to Lowest
















Sale $0.00
$39.99 - $59.99
$39.99 - $59.99


Double Diamond Stretch Furniture Cover




















Sale $0.00
$17.99 - $29.99
$17.99 - $29.99


Reversible Quilted Furniture Cover





















Sale $0.00
$19.99 - $37.99
$19.99 - $37.99


Skid-resistant Extra-wide Extra Long Runner





















Sale $11.99
$12.99
$12.99


Geranium Bushes Floral Picks - Set of 3




















Sale $0.00
$19.99 - $37.99
$19.99 - $37.99


Herringbone Trim Accent Rugs






















Sale $0.00
$9.99 - $34.99
$9.99 - $34.99


Floral Scroll Basket Weave Rug


















Sale $0.00
$14.99
$14.99


Quilted Charming Cat Collage Throw
















Sale $19.99
$19.99 - $29.99
$19.99 - $29.99


Dawson Furniture Slip Cover



















Sale $0.00
$16.99
$16.99


Elegant Patricia Valance & Curtain Set

























Sale $0.00
$17.99 - $29.99
$17.99 - $29.99


Micro Fleece Quilted Furniture Cover Protector



















Sale $0.00
$19.99
$19.99


Glass Wall Sconce Candle Holder
















Sale $0.00
$29.99
$29.99


Mission Style Wood Drop Leaf Table
















Affordable Home Decor
If your home furnishings are starting to feel a little drab, Collections Etc. has just what you need to put the spark back in your decor. Our unique home accessories are designed to stand out and bring a smile to the grumpiest of faces. After all, who can resist a grin when their morning starts with charming bed linens, whimsical figurines, and delightful novelty housewares?
Decorative Items For Your Home
Collections Etc. can make the most challenging spaces in your home special. For example, bathroom decorating becomes fun and easy when you have such a unique selection of home accessories. Our bathroom decor runs the gamut from classic Victorian style housewares to whimsical soap dispensers, and includes just about everything in between. With just a few carefully selected items, Collections Etc. can breathe new life into any washroom. And if that’s what our home furnishings can do for a bathroom, just imagine what our decor can do for the rest of your house!
Whether you want to spruce up your kitchen, bedroom, or any other 
        










Related Searches

Accent Rug


Beautiful Black Rug


Durable Furniture Cover


Polyester Throw


Furniture Cover


Loveseat Furniture Cover





Related Products






Camden Patchwork Paisley Furniture Cover


        Protect your furniture from wear and tear, pet ...
      

Quickview >>










Camden Patchwork Paisley Furniture Cover


          Protect your furniture from wear and tear, pet
          hair, spills and stains with these attractive, quilted furniture covers. Each features elegant patchwork floral patterns. Machine washable polyester; imported. Available for chair, recliner, loveseat and sofa.
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Cat's Meow Furniture Cover


        Beautiful colors and a lovely cat design give ...
      

Quickview >>










Cat's Meow Furniture Cover


          Beautiful colors and a lovely cat design give
          this easy-on furniture throw its purr-fectly charming appeal. The colorful design features shades of burgundy, ivory, chocolate and mocha and is decorated with cats, butterflies and scrolling details. The durable polyester throw ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Elnora Floral Quilted Furniture Cover


        Protect your furniture from wear and tear, pet ...
      

Quickview >>










Elnora Floral Quilted Furniture Cover


          Protect your furniture from wear and tear, pet
          hair and even moisture with these attractive, quilted furniture covers. Available for chairs, loveseats, sofas and recliners, all colors feature a delicate white floral pattern. Machine washable olefin and polyester; imported. Colors ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Fall Leaves Furniture Cover Protector


        Add beautiful seasonal color and give your furniture ...
      

Quickview >>










Fall Leaves Furniture Cover Protector


          Add beautiful seasonal color and give your furniture
          an instant makeover with this Autumn-inspired furniture cover. The colorful cover protects your furniture from spills, stains, pets and more. The ivory background features Fall leaves in red, burnt orange, yellow and ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close









































































Outdoor Solar Lights | Solar Garden Lights | Collections Etc.



























Catalog Quick Order


Help


Log In

























15% OFF TODAY!


Favorites



                                    Cart
                                














Showing 1-12 of 250 results for 

Outdoor & Garden > 
        Outdoor Lighting > 
        Solar Powered














(Clear All)




Category (Clear)










Outdoor & Garden (1021) 

Outdoor Lighting (304) 

Solar Powered (250) 
 





Collection (Clear)













Butterflies (29)





Christmas Shoppe (21)





Americana (14)





Hummingbird (9)





Owls (8)


( + ) Show 18 More



Angels (6)





Beach/Coastal (5)





Cabin/Woodland (5)





Sunflowers (5)





Cardinals (3)





Fairies (3)





Inspirational (3)





Frogs & Turtles (2)





Poinsettia (2)





Snowmen (2)





Bears (1)





Chickadee (1)





Floral (1)





Lighthouses (1)





Nautical (1)





Peacock (1)





Santas (1)





Vineyard (1)


( - ) Show Less

 





Price (Clear)












Up to $9.99 (59)





$10 - $14.99 (122)





$15 - $19.99 (51)





$20 - $24.99 (9)





$25 - $29.99 (4)





$30 and Up (5)


 





More Ways to Shop (Clear)













New (36)





Exclusive (22)





Sale (85)





Clearance (61)


( - ) Show Less

 











Solar Lights





Text Size:

















Showing 1-12 of 250








Sort By:

Best Match




Best Match


Best Sellers


New


Exclusive


Price: Lowest to Highest


Price: Highest to Lowest
















Sale $0.00
$29.99
$29.99


Solar Lighted Double Pinwheel Wind Spinner
















Sale $0.00
$12.99
$12.99


Solar LED Gutter Safety Light
















Sale $0.00
$39.99
$39.99


Solar Outdoor Willow Branch Tree



















Sale $0.00
$14.99
$14.99


Solar LED Path Lights - Set of 12


















Sale $12.99
$14.99
$14.99


Solar Lantern Lamp Post
















Sale $0.00
$14.99
$14.99


Solar Spring Fence Post Cap Light
















Sale $0.00
$9.99
$9.99


Solar Address Marker Stake
















Sale $16.99
$19.99
$19.99


Solar Color Changing Path Lights - Set of 6
















Sale $0.00
$12.99
$12.99


Solar Garden Stone Look Border Stakes - Set of 4
















Sale $21.99
$24.99
$24.99


Solar Flower Branch Garden Stakes - Set of 3



















Sale $0.00
$14.99 - $24.99
$14.99 - $24.99


Solar Powered Outdoor String Lights



















Sale $0.00
$16.99
$16.99


Solar Doves Memorial Garden Stone
















            There is no better way to show your American pride and help the Earth at the same time then Americana inspired solar outdoor decor. Whether you're decorating for 4th of July, Memorial Day or Flag Day, we have plenty of outdoor solar decor to properly display the red, white and blue. 
Solar lighting is a staple for any landscaping. It provides a lovely display both day and night. Our extensive collection of outdoor solar lights includes something for everyone. We’ve got something in every shape and size. Whether you’re looking for practical or whacky and whimsical, chances are that we’ve got the right options for you! 

Save money and go green when you harness the power of the sun with solar powered lights to illuminate your yard and garden. With so many unique styles of solar lighting, there are endless ways to incorporate these essential outdoor lighting accessories into your landscape.

When it comes to backyard entertaining, nothing sets the mood like solar string lights or the soft glow of a solar tabletop lantern on your patio.

        










Related Searches

Led Pathway Lighting


Led Stake Lights


Led White Lights


Plastic Solar Powered Light


Solar Path Light


String Lights





Related Products






Solar Cardinal Pathway Stake Lights - Set of


        Light up your yard with this beautiful set ...
      

Quickview >>










Solar Cardinal Pathway Stake Lights - Set of


          Light up your yard with this beautiful set
          of 3 solar stakes that feature a colorful cardinal design. Includes a solar-rechargeable "AAA" battery and lights up automatically at night. Stainless steel and plastic. Each approx. 2 1/4"Dia. x 14"H.
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Solar Color Changing Bubble String Light


        Light string is over 12-ft. long and features ...
      

Quickview >>










Solar Color Changing Bubble String Light


          Light string is over 12-ft. long and features
          20 color-changing, bubble lights to brighten your yard, porch or deck automatically at night. The solar-powered lights shine inside clear plastic globes with a bubble design. String can hang in trees, from ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Solar Color Changing Tinsel Globes Light


        This unique solar-powered stake features 3 glass globes ...
      

Quickview >>










Solar Color Changing Tinsel Globes Light


          This unique solar-powered stake features 3 glass globes
          filled with sparkling tinsel. The globes automatically shine with color-changing light at night for a beautiful display anywhere in your yard or garden. Includes 1 "AA" rechargeable battery. Glass, metal and plastic. ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Solar Fiber Optic Light Stake Set


        These spectacular fiber-optic lights add a splash of ...
      

Quickview >>










Solar Fiber Optic Light Stake Set


          These spectacular fiber-optic lights add a splash of
          color to your yard. Set of 10 lights glow red, green, blue and yellow and stand 11 1/2"H, including stake. Solar panel stakes into the ground. Incl. 1 "AA" rechargeable battery. Plastic. ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close









































































Kitchen Decorations | Kitchen Rugs, Curtains, Wall Art & More | Collections Etc.



























Catalog Quick Order


Help


Log In

























15% OFF TODAY!


Favorites



                                    Cart
                                














Showing 1-12 of 276 results for 

Kitchen & Dining > 
        Kitchen Decor














(Clear All)




Category (Clear)










Kitchen & Dining (686) 

Kitchen Decor (276) 

Kitchen Curtains (85) 

Kitchen Rugs (79) 

Decorative Kitchen Accessories (67) 

Chair Pads & Chair Covers (36) 

Dishwasher Covers (14) 
 





Collection (Clear)













Country (47)





Floral (29)





Butterflies (19)





Roosters (19)





Christmas Shoppe (16)


( + ) Show 22 More



Sunflowers (16)





Apples (11)





Cabin/Woodland (9)





Nautical (7)





Hummingbird (6)





Vineyard (6)





Americana (5)





Chickadee (5)





Lighthouses (5)





Bears (4)





Poinsettia (4)





Southwest (4)





Beach/Coastal (3)





Cardinals (3)





Inspirational (3)





Moose (2)





Snowmen (2)





Angels (1)





French Country (1)





Indoor Garden (1)





Santas (1)





Victorian (1)


( - ) Show Less

 





Price (Clear)












Up to $9.99 (102)





$10 - $14.99 (115)





$15 - $19.99 (31)





$20 - $24.99 (17)





$25 - $29.99 (9)





$30 and Up (2)


 





More Ways to Shop (Clear)













New (50)





Exclusive (97)





Sale (80)





Clearance (48)





Buy 2 and Save (1)


( - ) Show Less

 











Kitchen Decor





Text Size:












Showing 1-12 of 276








Sort By:

Best Match




Best Match


Best Sellers


New


Exclusive


Price: Lowest to Highest


Price: Highest to Lowest
















Sale $0.00
$14.99
$14.99


Mosaic Backsplash Tiles - Set of 6




















Sale $0.00
$14.99
$14.99


Primitive Country Dishwasher Magnet Cover
















Sale $0.00
$12.99 - $14.99
$12.99 - $14.99


Embroidered Vines Fairfield Curtain Set




















Sale $12.99
$14.99
$14.99


Vintage Spring Butterfly Floral Dishwasher Magnet
















Sale $0.00
$29.99
$29.99


L Shaped Berber Corner Rug Runner






















Sale $12.99
$14.99
$14.99


Vintage Butterfly and Flowers Curtain Set
















Sale $0.00
$14.99
$14.99


Metal Sunflower Paper Towel Holder
















Sale $0.00
$29.99
$29.99


Chardonnay Vineyard Curtain and Rug Set
















Sale $0.00
$12.99
$12.99


Coffee Appliance Handle Covers - 3pc
















Sale $0.00
$29.99
$29.99


Coffee Lovers Curtain and Rug Set
















Sale $0.00
$7.99
$7.99


Easy Fit Seat Covers - Set of 2




















Sale $0.00
$14.99
$14.99


Tufted Support Padded Boosted Cushion





















Kitchen Decorating Themes
To be able to inspire culinary creativity a kitchen needs character and spunk.  And nobody does spunky kitchen character like Collections Etc.  Our wide variety of kitchen décor offers virtually every theme of kitchen decor you can think of.  From cows to cats and everything in between, we are your source for kitchen decor that makes you smile.  We offer a wide collection of themed kitchen decorations so that your entire kitchen can coordinate to your heart’s content.  These items include dishwasher cover magnets, table linens, measuring spoons, paper towel holders, curtains, rugs and more, all in your favorite kitchen decor themes!  And with prices like ours, you can afford to decorate your whole kitchen and more!
So preheat that oven and clear some counter space because with the amount of inspiration our kitchen decorations offer, you’ll be whipping up delicious meals in no time!


        










Related Searches

Polyester Embroidered Curtain


Rod Pocket Valance Curtain


Kitchen Rug


Primitive Rug


Window Valances





Related Products






Autumn-inspired Sunflower Harvest Rug


        These autumn-inspired sunflower rugs feature bright, golden-yellow sunflowers ...
      

Quickview >>










Autumn-inspired Sunflower Harvest Rug


          These autumn-inspired sunflower rugs feature bright, golden-yellow sunflowers
          with greenery against a cream background. The rugs have a durable bound edge and are great for protecting your floors in high traffic areas. Skid-resistant backing. Hand wash. Nylon and latex; imported. ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Cats and Bouquets Tapestry Rug


        This charming tapestry rug is bound in beautiful ...
      

Quickview >>










Cats and Bouquets Tapestry Rug


          This charming tapestry rug is bound in beautiful
          forest green and features 6 cute cats and 6 bright red geranium bouquets. Perfect in an entryway, kitchen or living room, it instantly adds a touch of color and style. Skid-resistant backing. ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Extra Long Laundry Floor Runner


        Brighten up laundry day with this colorful laundry ...
      

Quickview >>










Extra Long Laundry Floor Runner


          Brighten up laundry day with this colorful laundry
          room runner. Wide enough to sit in front of both washer and dryer, it features a bright and cheerful design and is soft on the feet. Vacuum or spot clean. Polyester/ plastic. ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close










Meow Paw Print Braided Rug


        This charming braided rug features four adorable cats ...
      

Quickview >>










Meow Paw Print Braided Rug


          This charming braided rug features four adorable cats
          surrounded by paw prints atop a cream background. The durable braided border makes this a terrific addition to any room in the house. Spot clean. Polyester and polypropylene; imported. 48"L x 20"W. ...
        

View Product


[ x ] close



















































Private Label Bottled Water. Purefection. - Boreal Water














Private Label Bottled Water. Purefection.
 
 
Launch your own brand of enhanced water and increase your margins! It’s our specialty!



We can offer you:
 


 • Functional Enhanced Water
 • Infused Water


 • Carbonated Water 
 • Vitamins Enhanced Water


 • Flavored Still or Sparkling
 • Minerals Enhanced Water


 • Oxygenated Water
 • Electrolyte Water


 • Distilled Water
 • Alkaline Water


• Caffeinated Water
 • Natural Spring Water



We already have many successful brands that are produced either at our New York plant or at our Canadian sister company plant.
  Boreal is a personalized bottled water company specializing in premium custom bottled water for your company. Whether it’s for publicity, promotion, marketing, internal use or a specific event, Boreal custom labeled bottle water is a one-stop shop, a turnkey operation offering customers fully integrated services literally from the ground up.With the most extensive distribution network in North America and warehouses across Canada and the United States, unlike other bottled water companies, Boreal also has exclusive access to a pristine and abundant, award winning source deep in the untouched wilds of Canada. With exclusive exploitation rights, Boreal has a confirmed volume in excess of thousands of millions of gallons. Follow us on:                  





Home
Awards
News
Privates labels


Saint-Élie Brand
Bottles
Clients
Spring


Investor Relations
Environment
Our Mission


Blog
Contact
Login



 
© 2015 Boreal water Inc. All rights reserved.














 

















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


