

























Boston Research & Management Inc. Holds Stake in Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Stryker Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Stryker Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Position in Yandex N.V. (YNDX)
Prudential Financial Inc. Raises Position in Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE)
Stifel Financial Corp Lowers Stake in Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC)
Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK Has $55.45 Million Position in Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT)
JPMorgan Chase & Co. Decreases Position in The Madison Square Garden Company (MSG)
SG Americas Securities LLC Sells 6,212 Shares of National Steel Company (SID)
UniFirst Corp (UNF) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS
KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Rating Increased to Hold at BidaskClub
Innoviva, Inc. (NASDAQ:INVA) Stake Lowered by SG Americas Securities LLC
Cameco Corporation (NYSE:CCJ) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Bank of America Corporation
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR)
GasLog LP. (GLOG) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at BidaskClub
Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (CXP) Raised to Hold at BidaskClub
Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Continues to Hold Position in Comfort Systems USA, Inc. (NYSE:FIX)
Credit Agricole S A Has $248,000 Position in Herman Miller, Inc. (NASDAQ:MLHR)
Eli Lilly and Company (NYSE:LLY) Stake Maintained by Omnia Family Wealth LLC
BSB Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLMT) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Lookers PLC’s (LON:LOOK) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt
Bay Banks of Virginia Inc. (OTCMKTS:BAYK) Cut to Hold at ValuEngine
Fitbit, Inc. (NYSE:FIT) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine


 


Boston Research & Management Inc. Holds Stake in Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 14th, 2017 // No Comments 

Boston Research & Management Inc. maintained its stake in Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,634 shares of the medical technology company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Boston Research & Management Inc.’s holdings in Stryker Corporation were worth $610,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in SYK. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Stryker Corporation by 3.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 13,774,848 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $1,650,599,000 after buying an additional 419,118 shares in the last quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. boosted its position in shares of Stryker Corporation by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. Franklin Resources Inc. now owns 12,270,194 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $1,470,104,000 after buying an additional 265,300 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Stryker Corporation during the fourth quarter worth $292,752,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Stryker Corporation by 6.7% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,713,586 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $225,594,000 after buying an additional 107,170 shares during the period. Finally, Swiss National Bank boosted its position in Stryker Corporation by 22.1% in the first quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 1,502,071 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $197,748,000 after buying an additional 272,300 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.26% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Stryker Corporation alerts:



Stryker Corporation (NYSE SYK) traded up 1.58% on Friday, hitting $145.46. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 609,325 shares. Stryker Corporation has a 12 month low of $106.48 and a 12 month high of $145.99. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $140.23 and a 200-day moving average of $130.49. The stock has a market cap of $54.37 billion, a PE ratio of 32.69 and a beta of 0.79. 




Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The medical technology company reported $1.48 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.43 by $0.05. Stryker Corporation had a return on equity of 24.26% and a net margin of 14.33%. The company had revenue of $2.96 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.90 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.24 earnings per share. Stryker Corporation’s revenue was up 18.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Stryker Corporation will post $6.43 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th will be paid a dividend of $0.425 per share. This represents a $1.70 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.19%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. Stryker Corporation’s dividend payout ratio is 38.20%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first reported by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/14/boston-research-management-inc-has-610000-position-in-stryker-corporation-syk-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts have recently commented on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating and set a $140.00 target price on shares of Stryker Corporation in a research report on Tuesday. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. set a $135.00 target price on shares of Stryker Corporation and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, April 8th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $132.00 price target on shares of Stryker Corporation in a research report on Friday, June 30th. Morgan Stanley restated an “overweight” rating and set a $160.00 price target (up previously from $155.00) on shares of Stryker Corporation in a research report on Monday. Finally, Citigroup Inc. upped their price objective on shares of Stryker Corporation from $114.00 to $125.00 and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, June 9th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $136.73.
In other Stryker Corporation news, insider David Floyd sold 7,381 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, June 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $144.70, for a total transaction of $1,068,030.70. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Timothy J. Scannell sold 13,322 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $135.89, for a total value of $1,810,326.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 7.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Stryker Corporation Company Profile
Stryker Corporation is a medical technology company. The Company offers a range of medical technologies, including orthopedic, medical and surgical, and neurotechnology and spine products. The Company’s segments include Orthopaedics; MedSurg; Neurotechnology and Spine, and Corporate and Other. The Orthopaedics segment includes reconstructive (hip and knee) and trauma implant systems and other related products. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Stryker Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stryker Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































Income Research & Management Inc                                                                                         - Boston                                            , MA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MA



Boston



Management Services



Financial Management For Business



                            Income Research & Management Inc
                                    



 





















I 


Income Research & Management Inc                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



100 FEDERAL ST FL 30 BOSTON, MA 02110
Get Directions



(617) 330-9333
www.incomeresearch.com                                                                                  





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $19,530,863.00
 Employee Count 110
 Industries Financial Management For Business
 Contacts John A Sommers                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1987, Income Research & Management Inc                                                                                         has been providing Financial Management For Business from Boston. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







I

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Boston Research and Management, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 10:20 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Boston Research and Management, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Boston Research and Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides family advisory and financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. The firm also caters to individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, trusts, and estates. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It employs a fundamental analysis with a top-down and a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolios. Boston Research and Management, Inc. was founded in 1991 and is ba...
Boston Research and Management, Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm also provides family advisory and financial planning services to its clients. It primarily provides its services to high net worth individuals. The firm also caters to individuals, pension and profit sharing plans, charitable organizations, corporations, trusts, and estates. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It employs a fundamental analysis with a top-down and a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolios. Boston Research and Management, Inc. was founded in 1991 and is based in Manchester, Massachusetts with an additional office in Boston, Massachusetts.
Detailed Description


40 Beach StreetSuite 200Manchester, MA 01944United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 978-526-9700

Fax: 978-526-1804

www.bostonrm.com







Key Executives for Boston Research and Management, Inc.




Mr. Raymond James Stecker Jr.


      	Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Benjamin J. Muchler CFP


      	Managing Partner
      








Mr. Charles E. Babin


      	Principal
      








Mr. Daniel  F. Tortola


      	Partner
      








Ms. Patrice H. Pellegrini


      	Analyst and Trader
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Boston Research and Management, Inc., please visit www.bostonrm.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017













 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.

















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


