


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Experience | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



     My Experience  I am a  choose one                  I am a    Individual InvestorAdvisor to an IndividualFamily OfficeNon-Profit             and  I'm looking for guidance because            choose one                   I'm looking for guidance because...                   * Please select a    See Results                      Experience A Client-First Culture We do things a little differently at BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Here, we have a commitment to serving clients, not selling products–a client-first approach that has led to industry-leading client satisfaction rates. 

And while we're proud of those results, it’s our client retention rates that matter most to us. Those sustained relationships can only be earned over time–and they’re what allow us to create not just richer lifetimes, but enduring legacies.     
      Becoming an Individual Client      Personal strategies and services based on one question: What do you need?        Experience The Individual Investor Journey At BNY Mellon Wealth Management, expect to receive the best of both worlds: the high-touch, one-on-one service of an investment boutique backed by the power of a large, resource-rich global firm. 

Industry-leading client service. Best in class resources. A spirit of innovation. All focused on you. 

Want to learn more about solutions for Individual Investors? Contact us today, and we’ll connect you with a professional who can help you build a wealth plan specific to your needs. 
              1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Individual Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Working closely, we define your ultimate objectives and expectations for lifestyle and wealth transfer. This ensures everyone is aligned around your collective vision from the start.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio Guided by your goals and risk tolerance, we explore the mix of asset classes that’s right for you. We identify each entity's optimal contribution and consider strategic alignment with your chosen goals.        The Individual Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next We analyze each entity within your portfolio, including IRAs, trusts and credit facilities, as well as special situations such as business interests or executive compensation. Our plan is created with your input throughout, and moves to implementation only with your approval.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action We document your plan's details and review with you, aligning them with your requirements before implementing the strategy.       The Individual Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Unlike other firms, your portfolio is managed actively by a team of people. They are regularly revisiting your goals, rebalancing your positions, and identifying new opportunities. They have your interests top of mind, all the time.        Discover Our Services for Individuals & Families  Learn More 
      Becoming an Institutional Client      We understand what makes institutional wealth management unique. And we know how to optimize it.            Experience The Institutional Investor Journey No single firm offers family offices and non-profits integrated support like BNY Mellon Wealth Management. Industry-leading custody capabilities and deep fiduciary knowledge make our in-house expertise for institutions unparalleled. And our centuries of investment excellence across asset classes and styles informs everything we do.


Want to learn more about our solutions for Institutions? Get the answers you need to discover what BNY Mellon Wealth Management can do for your organization.          1Discuss2Assess3Plan4Implement5Manage       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 1 Discuss Your Goals Even before you’ve committed to being a client, you will meet your core team of advisors. Together, you will outline your organization’s needs and goals.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 2 Assess Your Portfolio With your organization’s goals in mind, the team will work look closely at what currently exists. This work is aimed at uncovering under-leveraged assets, missed opportunities and unnecessary risks relative to your organization’s future needs.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 3 Plan For What's Next Your dedicated client services team works with you to outline near-term and long-term strategic goals. Timeframes and milestones are established along with the communication plan.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 4 Implement Strategic Action The team goes to work executing the agreed upon strategy, keeping you informed every step of the way. Reports are made available for you to review and share.       The Institutional Investor Journey Step 5 Actively Manage Your team is regularly revisiting your organization’s goals and actively identifying new opportunities or risks. We are also constantly consulting with our internal experts, sharing best thinking and getting ahead of trends.        Discover Our Services for Institutions  Learn More 
      Private Workbench      Take a tour of our online platform for real-time account information, research and reports        Private Workbench Benefits    Mobile Access Available on your phone, tablet, or laptop, so you can monitor your investments and banking in real time.   Custom Settings Make the experience yours by seeing only what you want and nothing that you don’t.   Direct Access to Your Dedicated Team The My Team tab gives you direct email access to your wealth management team.     
      Contact Us How can we help you?  Your questions are important to us, complete our contact form and we’ll connect you with the right team member to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 
























Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 





































    Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          81.3M
                                                                                        GBP163.06%
                                          Net Assets
                                          41.9M
                                                                                        GBP6,751.79%
                                          Return on Capital Employed (%)
                                          113.67
                                                                                        %Debt to Capital (%)
                                          9.63
                                                                                        %DetailsCompany nameBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLPCompany numberOC388967Legal Entity Identifier549300GQCZVXBZ1VSR12
                                                         Source
                                  Company typeOtherIncorporation date05 Nov 2013Type of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            05 Nov 2016
                        Next annual returns due
                                03 Dec 2016
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Mar 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                31 Dec 2017
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                —
                            SIC 2007
                                —
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered Address4th Floor One Vine StreetLondonW1J 0AHUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP was founded on 05 Nov 2013        and has its registered office in London.
                The organisation's status is listed as "Active".             
                It currently has  10 directors.
    
                        The company's first directors were Emmanuel Gavaudan, Boussard & Gavaudan Partners Limited.                        Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP
                    does not have any subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash29,796,894 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities4,457,502 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets41,851,376 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets41,353,892 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        management services
                                    
                                        asset management
                                    
                                        investment
                                    
                                        investment management
                                    Size
                                    Large
                                
                                Turnover
                                (50M
                                to
                                500M)
                            Age
                                    Startup
                                
                                0-5 years
                            Location
                                    W1J
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionThe provision of investment management services. Accounts data converted from Euro. Commenced trading on 21.07.14.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address4th Floor One Vine StreetLondonW1J 0AHUnited Kingdom4th Floor One Vine StreetLondonW1J 0AHUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×﻿




























Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP Takes Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Colgate-Palmolive Company
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Colgate-Palmolive Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD) Posts Quarterly  Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.42 EPS
Bridgepoint Education, Inc. (BPI) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS
Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CYS Investments, Inc. (NYSE:CYS) Will Post Earnings of $0.26 Per Share
Whirlpool Corporation (WHR) Releases  Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.19 EPS
Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance
AGCO Corporation (AGCO) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Analysts Set $21.08 Target Price for Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:PARR)
Zacks: SENIOR GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:SNIRF) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages
J & J Snack Foods Corp. (JJSF) Downgraded to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research
Inditex (IDEXY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research
Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HE) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
General Finance Corporation (NASDAQ:GFN) vs. Mistras Group (MG) Critical Analysis
LSC Communications (LKSD) & Quad Graphics (NYSE:QUAD) Critical Analysis
Reviewing Datalink (NASDAQ:DTLK) and Web.com Group (WEB)
Reviewing Farmland Partners (FPI) & Drive Shack (NYSE:DS)
Wartsila Oyj Abp (NASDAQ:WRTBY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Moelis & (MC) Stock Price
Dominion Diamond Corporation (DDC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows
ePlus inc. (PLUS) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.19
Xencor (XNCR) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Accern Reports



 


Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP Takes Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)

					Posted by Jesse Mackey on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 



Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP acquired a new position in shares of  Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 86,238 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,408,000. Colgate-Palmolive accounts for  0.5% of Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 9th largest position. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of CL. American Beacon Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in  Colgate-Palmolive during the first quarter worth $102,000.  Advantage Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in  Colgate-Palmolive during the fourth quarter worth $104,000.  Proficio Capital Partners LLC raised its position in  Colgate-Palmolive by 16.9% in the first quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 1,432 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 207 shares during the period.  Harbour Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new position in  Colgate-Palmolive during the first quarter worth $121,000.  Finally, AlphaMark Advisors LLC raised its position in  Colgate-Palmolive by 452.1% in the first quarter. AlphaMark Advisors LLC now owns 1,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 1,370 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  73.57% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Colgate-Palmolive Company alerts:



Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE CL) opened at 73.27 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of $64.76 billion, a P/E ratio of 27.23 and a beta of 0.81. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $74.80 and its 200 day moving average price is $72.20. Colgate-Palmolive Company has a one year low of $63.43 and a one year high of $77.27. 




Colgate-Palmolive (NYSE:CL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, July 21st. The company reported $0.72 EPS for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.72. Colgate-Palmolive had a return on equity of 3,121.95% and a net margin of 15.83%. The company had revenue of $3.83 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.89 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.70 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, analysts forecast that  Colgate-Palmolive Company will post $2.92 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 15th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, July 18th will be paid a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, July 14th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.18%. Colgate-Palmolive’s dividend payout ratio  is 59.48%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP Takes Position in Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL)” was originally  posted by StockNewsTimes and is the sole property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/24/boussard-gavaudan-investment-management-llp-takes-position-in-colgate-palmolive-company-nysecl.html. 
Several equities research analysts have commented on the stock. Citigroup Inc.  restated a “neutral” rating and set a $76.00 target price (up from $75.00) on shares of Colgate-Palmolive in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Colgate-Palmolive from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Royal Bank Of Canada  reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $74.00 price target on shares of Colgate-Palmolive in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. UBS AG  reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $78.00 target price (down previously from $79.00) on shares of Colgate-Palmolive in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, BidaskClub downgraded shares of Colgate-Palmolive from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned  a hold rating and three have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.69.
In other news, SVP John J. Huston sold 14,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.53, for a total value of $1,001,420.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 102,838 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,356,002.14. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Richard J. Kogan sold 8,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.92, for a total value of $575,360.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 73,065 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,254,834.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 29,666 shares of company stock worth $2,144,371 in the last 90 days. Corporate insiders own  1.02% of the company’s stock. 
About Colgate-Palmolive
Colgate-Palmolive Company (Colgate) is a consumer products company. The Company operates in two product segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care, and Pet Nutrition. The Oral, Personal and Home Care product segment is operated through five geographic segments, which include North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Africa/Eurasia.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Colgate-Palmolive Company (NYSE:CL).







Receive News & Ratings for Colgate-Palmolive Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Colgate-Palmolive Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 

























































BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) | Boussard & Gavaudan (BGHS) | RNS Company Announcements | Equities  | FE Trustnet

























 


















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table













Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
































Share


Tweet






 
                    Print   
                     
                    RSS





Boussard & Gavaudan (BGHS)



Boussard & Gavaudan

BGHL (GBP): NAV(s)
BGHL (GBP): NAV(s)                                      BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 20 Jul 2017. Estimated NAV    Euro SharesSterling SharesEstimated NAV   23.8200  £  20.9655  Estimated MTD return   0.30 %   0.30 %  Estimated YTD return   7.56 %   7.85 %  Estimated ITD return   138.20 %   109.66 %  NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance fees Market information Euro SharesAmsterdam (AEX)London (LSE) Market Close    19.83  N/A  Premium/discount to estimated NAV   -16.75 %  N/A          Sterling SharesAmsterdam (AEX)London (LSE) Market Close  N/A  GBX 1,655.00  Premium/discount to estimated NAV  N/A   -21.06 %   Transactions in own securities purchased into treasury Ordinary Shares Euro SharesSterling Shares Number of shares  N/A  N/A  Average Price  N/A  N/A  Range of Price  N/A  N/A                                                         Liquidity Enhancement AgreementEuro SharesSterling Shares Number of shares  N/A  N/A  Average Price  N/A  N/A  BGHL Capital BGHL Ordinary SharesEuro SharesSterling Shares Shares Outstanding   28,862,115   528,912  Held in treasury  N/A  N/A  Shares Issued   28,862,115   528,912  Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated)   188.7951  The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees, as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.  For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management, LLP. Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.com The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the "Shares") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute, or form part of, any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been, and neither will be, registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Consequently any such securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States. You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk; results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision, you are advised to seek expert financial advice.  This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.   Estimated NAVThis announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) via Globenewswire











quick links
Equity Home
Equity Prices and Performance
Latest announcements


our product portfolio
www.trustnet.com
www.trustnetoffshore.com
www.trustnetmiddleeast.com


 
www.investegate.co.uk
www.fundlistings.com
FE Analytics


 
Data feeds
Factsheet and literature Production
Webtools










Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com









Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): NAV(s)HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 13 minsS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitBoussard & Gavaudan Holding Ltd (EUR): NAV(s)GlobeNewswire•February 1, 2017ReblogShareTweetShare                                      BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31 Jan 2017. Estimated NAV        Euro Shares   Sterling Shares     Estimated NAV   €  22.2496   £  19.5309     Estimated MTD return    0.47 %    0.47 %     Estimated YTD return    0.47 %    0.47 %     Estimated ITD return    122.50 %    95.31 %    NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance fees Market information    Euro Shares   Amsterdam (AEX)   London (LSE)     Market Close   €  17.91   N/A     Premium/discount to estimated NAV    -19.50 %   N/A                   Sterling Shares   Amsterdam (AEX)   London (LSE)     Market Close   N/A   GBX 1,580.00     Premium/discount to estimated NAV   N/A    -19.10 %     Transactions in own securities purchased into treasury    Ordinary Shares    Euro Shares   Sterling Shares     Number of shares   N/A   N/A     Average Price   N/A   N/A     Range of Price   N/A   N/A                                                            Liquidity Enhancement Agreement   Euro Shares   Sterling Shares     Number of shares   N/A   N/A     Average Price   N/A   N/A    BGHL Capital    BGHL Ordinary Shares   Euro Shares   Sterling Shares     Shares Outstanding    28,862,115    528,912     Held in treasury    322,842   N/A     Shares Issued    29,184,957    528,912    Estimated BG Fund NAV   Class B Euro Shares (estimated)   €  172.2918    The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees, as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.  For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management, LLP. Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.com The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the "Shares") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc`s main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute, or form part of, any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been, and neither will be, registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). Consequently any such securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision, you are advised to seek expert financial advice. This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.   Estimated NAVThis announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) via GlobeNewswireHUG#2074951ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextFJ Company's FJ40 is the Toyota Land Cruiser you really wantAutoblogEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredOne of Warren Buffett's favorite investors listed the ingredients for a bubble — and warned many are present todayBusiness InsiderWill Cabot (COG) Disappoint Investors this Earnings Season?ZacksTop 5 Companies Owned by FordInvestopediaDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWednesday Apple Rumors: iPhone 8 Enters Trial ProductionInvestorPlaceKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceSmall space, big style, right price.Pottery BarnSponsoredAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressFacebook shares hit record high as mobile ad sales soarReutersUS parents are pulling their children out of Boy Scouts over Donald Trump's 'drunk stepdad' speechKashco: You just can't take him anywhere.Join the Conversation1 / 56.1k












Form 8.3 - Berendsen Plc 








































































English
Français











Register
Sign In












Form 8.3 - Berendsen Plc




















June 27, 2017 05:45 ET

 | Source: Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP






Form 8.3 - Berendsen Plc.pdf



 FORM 8.3 PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BY A PERSON WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORERule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the "Code") 1.         KEY INFORMATION  (a)                      Identity of the person whose   positions/dealings are being disclosed:    Boussard   & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP Boussard   & Gavaudan Asset Management LP Boussard   & Gavaudan Gestion acting on behalf of various funds          (b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions   disclosed, if different from 1(a):                                       The naming of   nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient         (c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant   securities this form relates:                                                     Use   a separate form for each offeror/offeree      Berendsen   Plc  (d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an   offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:         (e)                                                   Date   position held/dealing undertaken:    26 June 2017    (f) Has the discloser previously disclosed, or are they   today disclosing, under the Code in respect of any other party to this offer?    No    2.         POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE (a)        Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)  Class of relevant security:      GBP 30p ordinary: ISIN: GB00B0F99717         Interests  Short positions  Number  %  Number  %  (1)                                             Relevant   securities owned and/or controlled:                      (2)                                                    Derivatives   CFD (other than options):      1,790,931      1.03%                  (3)                                                Options   and agreements to purchase/sell:        TOTAL:  1,790,931  1.03%          All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.Details of any open derivative or option positions, or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions). (b)        Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors' and other executive options)  Class of relevant security in relation to which   subscription right exists:     Details, including nature of the rights concerned and   relevant percentages:     If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security. 3.         DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE (a)        Purchases and sales  Class of relevant security  Purchase/sale    Number of securities  Price per unit                               (b)       Derivatives transactions (other than options)  Class of relevant security  Product descriptione.g. CFD  Nature of dealinge.g. opening/closing a long/short position,   increasing/reducing a long/short position  Number of reference securities  Price per unitGBP    GBP 30p ordinary      CFD      increasing   a long position      16 766          1,199.00p.        (c)        Options transactions in respect of existing securities (i)         Writing, selling, purchasing or varying  Class of relevant security  Product description e.g. call option  Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.  Number of securities to which option relates  Exercise price per unit  Typee.g. American, European etc.  Expiry date  Option money paid/ received per unit                                                          (ii)        Exercising  Class of relevant security  Product descriptione.g. call option  Number of securities  Exercise price per unit                (d)        Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)  Class of relevant security  Nature of dealinge.g. subscription, conversion  Details  Price per unit (if applicable)                The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in. 4.         OTHER INFORMATION (a)        Indemnity and other dealing arrangements  Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any   agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant   securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered   into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any   person acting in concert with a party to the offer:If there are no such agreements, arrangements or   understandings, state "none"                 (b)        Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives  Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding,   formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other   person relating to:(i)                              the voting rights of any   relevant securities under any option; or (ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal   of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:If there are no such agreements, arrangements or   understandings, state "none"                 (c)        Attachments  Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached ?    NO      Date   of disclosure:  27st  June 2017  Contact   name:  Deborah Gewinner   Telephone   number:  +44 203 751 54 12  Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service and must also be emailed to the Takeover Panel at monitoring@disclosure.org.uk.  The Panel's Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code's dealing disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129. The Code can be viewed on the Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.        Attachments: http://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/306c0e4a-4e1b-4a37-8a98-6ba2b94c3325


Related Articles
other press releases by Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP


Form 8.3 - Berendsen PLC
July 26, 2017 06:31


Form 8.3 - Berendsen PLC
July 24, 2017 06:01


Form 8.3 - Berendsen PLC
July 21, 2017 06:01


Form 8.3 - Berendsen PLC
July 20, 2017 06:01


Form 8.3 - Berendsen PLC
July 14, 2017 05:45








Profile

Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management LLP





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  London,  UNITED KINGDOM









Media Files



Form 8.3 - Berendsen Plc.pdf








FILE URL | Copy the link below
            















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Investment Management  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Investment Management Exceptional Capabilities; Talented Investment Professionals  Share this page 


   
   Investment Management Spanning all asset classes, our investment approach applies thoughtful market insights to deliver enhanced after-tax, total portfolio returns while minimizing risk. We leverage the vast resources of BNY Mellon's institutional investment organization to provide you unparalleled access to one of the world's largest and best recognized asset managers in a way that best suits your investment needs. 

While our investment capabilities are exceptional, they gain even greater strength when strategically combined within a portfolio. Our strategic asset allocation expertise, overall approach to investment architecture and thoughtful, objective-driven management help to ensure you receive the investment advice and solutions that best serve your goals.     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an advisor who can tell you more about our Investment Management expertise.  Contact Us      Solutions  Asset AllocationStrategic ArchitectureObjective-Driven InvestingLiquidity ManagementMulti-Asset-Class Strategies Across Global Boutiques    
      Contact Us Want to know more?  Put our expertise to work on your behalf. Submit our short Contact Us form and we'll get in touch with you.       Contact Us 
 












Contact Us | BNY Mellon Wealth Management





      Contact      Get in touch with one of our professionals.   







 





Your Info
Summary





















Wealth Management Inquiries




General Inquiries
To speak with a wealth management professional, call 866-804-5023. 

Client Access or Support
For help accessing Private Workbench, call 866-829-4073. 

Check Verifications
For banking inquiries, call 866-636-0540. 



Office Locations
BNY Mellon Wealth Management works with individuals, families and institutions wherever they are located. View our list of office locations. 
















Other Inquiries





Careers at BNY Mellon


View Job Opportunities



Employee Directory


Contact an Employee



Check Verifications










Family Office Investment Solutions


View Our Capabilities







Planned Giving Programs


View Our Capabilities



Endowments & Foundations


View Our Capabilities








  












Discover  | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



        Discover How we successfully manage wealth and the types of clients we serve.     
      Who We Serve      Customized plans and services for individuals, families, advisors and institutions   



Individuals & Families
We specialize in meeting the complex investment and banking needs of wealthy individuals and their families.
Learn More



Advisors to Individuals & Families
We offer a collaborative approach and customized solutions for our clients' other professional and financial advisors.
Learn More



Family Offices
Among the first of its kind in the nation, our Family Office services feature industry-leading resources and expertise for family offices and their financial interests.
Learn More



Non-Profits
We offer a full range of investment, custody, and reporting services tailored specifically to the needs of non-profits nationwide.
Learn More



      Capabilities      Deep expertise across a wide range of wealth management services           Asset Servicing & Information Management       Asset Servicing & Information Management  As the world’s largest asset servicing provider, we make sure that your assets and information are secure through our full range of custody, administration, and reporting services.  Learn more         Credit & Lending Services       Credit & Lending Services  As the oldest U.S. private bank, we have extensive experience in credit and lending–and in the strategies that make them effective components of your wealth plan.  Learn more         Donor Advised Funds       Donor Advised Funds  We have a distinct team dedicated to the needs of donor advised fund sponsor organizations and individual donors.  Learn more         Endowment & Foundation Services       Endowment & Foundation Services  We have an experienced team dedicated exclusively to the needs of Endowments and Foundations.  Learn more         Escrow Services       Escrow Services  Escrow arrangements offer a perfect solution when you and another party require property such as cash, securities, real estate or insurance policies, to be held by a third party until certain conditions are met.  Learn more         Family Office Investment Solutions       Family Office Investment Solutions  The Family Office investment platform focuses on delivery of custom solutions constructed around each client’s unique liquidity, cash flow, tax, risk and return requirements.  Learn more         Fiduciary Services       Fiduciary Services  One of the largest banks in the world and the creator of the nation’s first trust, we are unrivaled in fiduciary experience.  Learn more         Investment Management       Investment Management  Our investment management services are dedicated exclusively to the needs of private clients.  Learn more         Jumbo Mortgages       Jumbo Mortgages  As a jumbo mortgage lender of primary and vacation homes nationwide, we have unrivaled expertise in creating and managing solutions to meet the needs of our private clients.  Learn more         Philanthropy       Philanthropy  With BNY Mellon, your charitable gifts not only serve recipients well, but also remained aligned with your strategic, philanthropic and financial goals.  Learn more         Planned Giving Services       Planned Giving Services  For more than 20 years, we have served non-profit organizations with comprehensive gift management services, tailored investment management solutions, and donor and organizational support.  Learn more         Private Banking       Private Banking  From checking, savings and online banking to sophisticated financing strategies, we respond to the evolving needs of our clients with customized solutions and personalized service.  Learn more         Self-Directed Investment Services       Self-Directed Investment Services  Our Cash Management Access Account (CMAA) combines our banking capabilities with our brokerage services in one streamlined solution.   Learn more         Wealth & Estate Planning       Wealth & Estate Planning  When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved.   Learn more       
      Contact Us Want to know more about BNY Mellon Wealth Management?  Fill in the quick contact form and we’ll connect you with the right person to discuss your needs.      Contact Us 
 












Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 
























Institutional home



















































Vanguard - DC Small/Mid Services: Our approach                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Defined ContributionSmall/Mid plans (startup to $20M+)








 Our approach 
 Sponsor support 
 Participant experience 
 Plan administration 
 Advisor and TPA support 
 Plan Advisor Resource Center








Select Our approachAll  

Sponsor supportAll  

Participant experienceAll  

Plan administrationAll  

Advisor and TPA supportAll  

Plan Advisor Resource CenterAll  










Our approach

Leaders of small and mid-sized businesses have multiple roles and competing priorities. You want a best-in-class retirement plan but may be unsure about all the complexities and requirements. You may be uncertain about the costs and fees involved. You need a provider focused solely on retirement and aligned with your needs and goals—and fully committed to you, your participants, and the ongoing improvement of retirement investing.

Vanguard is committed to the retirement business and is a leader in the retirement plan industry. Best of all, you can benefit from Vanguard's unique ownership structure: We're owned by our clients and not by outside investors or stockholders. That means you never need to question whose interests come first for us. This approach serves as a foundation for all that we do with Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™, our 401(k) offer for small and mid-sized plans. You can count on our expertise to remove the uncertainties from managing your plan and our leadership to help you offer a strong plan for your participants. 



Key benefits




You can:

Have confidence in your plan.
Understand your costs.
Focus on your business.





Cost-conscious?
As a business owner and plan fiduciary, you want to eliminate ambiguity in retirement plan costs. Research has shown that plan costs for the smaller end of the market tend to be higher, and you need a retirement plan provider that not only provides transparent pricing but has a fair and reasonable cost structure.1
With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access:

You receive an All-in Fee Report that shows the total cost of your plan.
You have access to low-cost Vanguard index funds, plus the opportunity to choose from among more than 12,000 non-Vanguard funds.
Your annual recordkeeping price is based on a per-participant fee—a fee that doesn't jump as your assets grow, as with many small to mid-sized retirement plans.
You have flexibility in how you cover your plan costs—including a recordkeeping credit depending on the share class selected.




Too busy?
 As a business owner, you're pressed for time and focused on many aspects of business. With Vanguard Retirement Plan Access, you can rely on high-quality recordkeeping and administration to ease your administrative burden and help your employees stay on track for retirement.


1 Source: Investment Company Institute, 2014. 

















Contact us
  888-684-401K
  Email






Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
 We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.

Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart
















Plan Advisor Resource Center



Working with your partners
            We can work with your advisor and third-party administrator to create a state-of-the-art plan.


Request information (RFI)Vanguard Retirement Plan Access™
Vanguard: Taking a stand for your participants
Infographic: Small biz saves smart




































































































Insights from Vanguard™

































 






































 
























Vanguard - Nonprofit services: Advisory services                                     
        



























































Your input was invalid





























Nonprofit








 Understanding your needs 
 Advisory services 
 Your Vanguard team 
 Nonprofit resource center








Select Understanding your needsAll  

Advisory servicesAll  

Your Vanguard teamAll  

Nonprofit resource centerAll  










Advisory services
Many organizations like yours find it challenging to oversee their portfolio while also managing the day-to-day responsibilities of running their endowment, foundation, or charitable organization. But partnering with a provider who understands your needs can help you better balance these competing priorities.
Partnering with your organization
Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services® (VIAS) offers nonprofits the considerable resources of a large investment firm like Vanguard with the customized service of a specialized boutique. When your organization partners with VIAS, you work with a team of investment professionals that has your objectives and fiduciary responsibilities in mind. VIAS strives to:

Understand your organization's mission, spending needs, and unique situation and offer sophisticated, unbiased advice.
Develop a low-cost portfolio customized to your organization's needs.
Relieve your staff of many of the day-to-day burdens of investment program management.

OCIO: One service, many names


One approach nonprofits are increasingly considering is an outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO). An OCIO service—which is a key offering of Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services—acts as an extension of the board and investment staff. The OCIO determines an asset allocation strategy, selects investment advisors to implement it, and manages its operation and execution. Investment providers and clients call this service a variety of names, including discretionary management, advisory services, and investment management.





Investing and advising
Optimizing your portfolio to meet your long-term investment objectives requires time and skill. VIAS helps you develop a tailored portfolio that ensures your investments are diversified, risk-appropriate, and aligned with your overall strategy.
Our comprehensive advisory services include:









Portfolio construction 

Asset allocation analysis that uses a distinct, proprietary model to deliver solutions based on your portfolio needs.
Investment policy consulting designed to meet the unique investment goals of your organization.
Customized product selection that focuses on low-cost index and active investments.











Portfolio management

Performance reporting to help keep your investment committee informed.
Investment reviews that provide insights into your portfolio and the broader market and economic environment.
Steadfast commitment to risk management and process excellence through ongoing portfolio monitoring and rebalancing.








Research & expertise

Investment expertise and commentary on financial issues that provide context for your decision-making.
Investment committee best practices that are designed to increase your group's effectiveness.





Notes:

Advice services offered through Vanguard Institutional Advisory Services are provided by Vanguard Advisers, Inc., a registered investment advisor.
All investments are subject to risk, including the possible loss of the money you invest. 
Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss in a declining market. 

















Contact us
  888-888-7064
  Email







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 











Contact us
  888-888-7064
  E-mail







Nonprofit Resource Center

Fiduciary roles & lawsMission & planningInvestment strategy
Governance best practices
Fiduciary toolkit

LEARN HOW WE SUPPORT
Defined contribution plans

Defined benefit plans

Consultants
Request information (RFI) 








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 












































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login









 

Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 




Whatever your priorities, this can help you find someone who understands you and has the resources to help you manage your financial life 











AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, WE ALL face major turning points in our lives—getting married, becoming a parent, receiving a life-changing promotion, getting ready to retire. At times like these, many people feel a need for financial help, and start to wonder whether working with a financial advisor might make sense. That's when the search begins.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future. Someone who'll be there for you for years to come, and who can provide more than just stock recommendations.
To find an advisor who can help you with those decisions, don't be afraid to ask the following tough questions—they'll help you get a clear idea of what you can expect from the relationship and whether it makes sense for you.
1. What types of clients do you work with?
Some advisors have special experience working with business owners or members of a specific profession. Others might have particular knowledge in a specialty, such as sustainable investing or retirement planning. Ask what team members or resources from around their company they can call upon to help you meet your specific needs.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future.
2. What is your track record?
No advisor can or should promise financial results based on past performance. And beware those who do. But an advisor with a record of long relationships with clients likely provides the kind of service that earns their loyalty.
3. How often will we talk?
An advisor should be committed to conversations in person, by phone, or online—whatever your preference is—as often as you require. Every client has different needs and expectations. Be upfront with the advisor about how frequently and by what means you would like to get together to discuss your finances.
4. How realistic are my goals?
Even if you have a strong idea of what you want to accomplish with your money, the right advisor can help you better understand and prioritize your goals, including making any necessary tradeoffs based on your finances, timelines and investing preferences.






MORE INSIGHTS
Wondering What It's Like to Work with an Advisor? Tune in to a candid conversation  on “The Value of Advice.” 
Watch the webcast



5. How will we keep my strategy on course?
Even the best strategy will need adjusting as financial markets and your goals change. An advisor should have a plan for regular reviews and the ability to correct as market conditions and your priorities shift.
6. What happens if the markets are volatile? Will you call me?
When markets get scary, there's nothing worse than feeling isolated and alone. One of an advisor's most vital functions is to reach out at such times, hear your concerns, offer perspective, and talk about any needed adjustments to your strategy.
7. What if I'm upset about a service issue or an investment?
As life becomes increasingly automated, there's nothing like a human voice and quick response when you're concerned about a financial matter. Advisors who define their success by your success will be eager to quickly resolve any such issues.
8. Who will I actually be working with?
Many advisors have teams of professionals to enhance the services they provide. Ask who you'd be working with on a regular basis and their level of experience. Beyond the immediate team, does the company supporting them have access to a broad array of financial insights and resources?
9. How do I pay you for your work?
It's never easy to ask, but the right advisors will welcome this question. Clarity about fees is vital to a successful relationship. Payment—whether a percentage of assets or per transaction—should be structured around your needs and preferences.






What Can an Advisor Do for You?
Watch "Making the Leap" to see how one couple – with the help of their advisor – built a business while keeping their retirement goals in sight. For more first-hand stories, visit "Working with Us."
Transcript of Video
















Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.





Give us a call at
1.866.706.8321
9am - 9pm EST, Monday - Friday





Have questions for your financial advisor?
Connect with to continue the conversation.

View Profile


Phone 
Email 






View Profile










Share:



Facebook


LinkedIn


Twitter


email








LEARN MORE ABOUT WORKING WITH MERRILL LYNCH






                Find the Right Advisor For you
            




                With over 14,000 financial advisors nationwide, find one who fits your needs.
            






Search yourLinkedIn network

Go

Contact your advisor
                            
                        






                Why a Merrill Lynch advisor?
            




                Our investment insights provide a valuable complement to a unique or tailored approach that revolves around you.
            

                        See how
                    






                Explore your goals
            




                This is all about you, from what you hope to achieve to what keeps you up at night.
            

                        Start exploring
                    






                2017 Midyear Market Check:
            




                Learn about the key issues that could impact your financial life.


                        Watch Our Webcast
                    






                Related articles
            









Are You Ready for Life’s Big Changes?
Read article



4 Big Retirement Risks—and How to Prepare for Them
Read article























Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    AR5FWD5G-EXP-2018-05-04
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch



























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































