




Brelion 37, LLC - Residential- Kleyner  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Brelion 37, LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    69 Alpha Park  
    Highland Heights, OH, 44143Phone: 8885643213 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-02


New


$173,060


$173,060


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Vadim Kleyner 
 Executive 





















 













 













 












Brelion - Login

































888-564-3213

Brelion


get startedlogin 








raise capital
investments
learn
about









 
Login













Forgot your password?


 









Login
 










Login
Forgot your password?


            We have send an email with a confirmation link to your email address.
            If you have not received confirmation email, click here to resend.
            If you need additional assistance, please contact us at support@brelion.com
        


 
 


raise capital
investments
companies
learn
blog
about









Brelion 36, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Brelion 36, LLC  Funding details


Brelion 36, LLC Industry: CommercialCIK Number: 0001686420Address: 69 ALPHA PARK  HIGHLAND HEIGHTS 44143Phone number: 8885643213



Latest news
Brelion 36, LLC raised $142,500 from 9 investors on 2016-10-05.



Brelion 36, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-05New Form D$189,900$142,500$47,400$5,000906b[SEC Filing]
Brelion 36, LLC raised $142,500 in total.



Directors and Executives of Brelion 36, LLC
Key People in Brelion 36, LLC:

Vadim Kleyner
Similar companiesBrelion 33, LLC, Brelion II, LLC, Brelion 37, LLC








Last visited companies: Park Presidio Capital Partners, L.P., American Seafoods Partners LLC, sovrn Holdings, Inc., Marchard Fund, LP, USA Sports & Entertainment LLC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Express Medical Products LLC 37 Donnelly Dr Fort Thomas, KY Medical Supplies - MapQuest







































































































    Express Medical Products LLC
  

37 Donnelly Dr

Fort Thomas
KY
41075




 Reviews



(859) 514-2645
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















﻿




brelion.com - Brelion - Crowd Real Estate Investing
















brelion.comBrelion - Crowd Real Estate Investing





brelion.com Profile







brelion.com
Title:Brelion - Crowd Real Estate Investing
Description：The next generation of real estate investing. A secure platform where investors can earn up to 24% returns from real estate projects in Northeast Ohio.
Keywords：Real Estate Crowd Funding, Real Estate Investing, Crowdfunding Real Estate, TitleIII, 506(b), 506(c), Real Estate Investment management, Real Estate Financing, Fast Real Estate Financing, invest in R...
Discover brelion.com website stats, rating, details and status online. Read and write reviews or vote to improve it ranking. Check alliedvsaxis duplicates with related css, domain relations, most used words, social networks references. Find out where is server located. Use our online tools to find owner and admin contact info. Go to regular site







brelion.com Information



Website / Domain:
brelion.com


Website IP Address:
104.46.101.59


Domain DNS Server:
ns10.domaincontrol.com,ns09.domaincontrol.com



brelion.com Rank



Alexa Rank: 
4234777


OursSite Rank: 
3


Google Page Rank: 0/10 
(Google Pagerank Has Been Closed)



brelion.com Traffic & Earnings



Purchase/Sale Value:
$4,582


Daily Revenue:
$12


Monthly Revenue:
$376


Yearly Revenue:
$4,582


Daily Unique Visitors:
1,155


Monthly Unique Visitors:
34,650


Yearly Unique Visitors:
421,575



brelion.com WebSite Httpheader



StatusCode
200


Cache-Control
private


Content-Type
text/html; charset=utf-8


Server
Microsoft-IIS/8.0


Date
Thu, 27 Jul 2017 08:24:41 GMT



brelion.com Keywords accounting



Keyword
Count
Percentage




Real Estate Crowd Funding
0
0.00%


Real Estate Investing
2
0.77%


Crowdfunding Real Estate
0
0.00%


TitleIII
0
0.00%


506(b)
0
0.00%


506(c)
0
0.00%


Real Estate Investment management
0
0.00%


Real Estate Financing
0
0.00%


Fast Real Estate Financing
0
0.00%


invest in R...
0
0.00%



brelion.com Similar Website



Domain
WebSite Title




rainbowriverkayak.com
Rainbow River Kayak, Rainbow River Kayak Rentals, Rainbow Springs Florida, Rainbow River Kayaking, ...


allkootenayaggregate.com
All Kootenay Aggregate - Cranbrook Gravel and Topsoil Delivery and Sales. Cranbrook Stone Slinger s...


wicked2014.com
Wicked 2016/17 – Tour Dates &Ticket Information


hygienesystems.co.nz
Hygiene Systems New Zealand -  Improve your Workplace Hygiene


mainpulze.com
Main Pulze -


seattletms.com
TMS — Shifa Health


e30odometergears.com
E30 odometer gears - Welcome to E30 odometer gears


josephlockandalarm.com
Joseph Lock & Alarm Queens NY | 718 779-0617


grossplumbing.com
Gross Plumbing Inc., 6843 Lake Ave., Elyria, OH 44035 || PH:(440) 324-9999


chiromerge.com
Chiro+Merge is now part of Performance Rehabilitation & Regenerative Medicine | Performance Rehab


dundalkchamber.com
Dundalk Chamber of Commerce


nishikawatravel.com
Nishikawa Tours - 西河ツアーズ（ペルー）-


libmusicawards.net
Liberia Music Awards | 2016


thefuturohouse.com
The Futuro House - Locations, Information, Photographs, History, Global Map


trishsuhr.com
Trish Suhr - TV Host. Comedian. Lifestyle Expert.


rightangle.net.in
Right Angle Properties


royalhighlands.org
Royal Highlands Street and Landscape Maintenance Corporation


kerulos.org
The Kerulos Center|
Changing the World for Animals



 brelion.com Traffic Sources Chart







brelion.com Alexa Rank History Chart



brelion.com Html To Plain Text

				Brelion - Crowd Real Estate Investing 888-564-3213 Brelion get startedlogin raise capital investments learn about The next generation of real estate investing Our secure platform helps investors earn up to 24% returns from real estate projects in Northeast Ohio. Learn more Invest with bitcoins MAXIMIZE ROI FROM YOUR LAPTOP You can start investing with as little as $1,000 in fully vetted real estate opportunities. Brelion compiles information to make sure the investments are sound; you decide what’s best for your portfolio. DIVERSIFY YOUR INVESTMENTS fully funded BR18 - Single Family Fix & Flip in Hudson, OH **** Jesse Drive, Hudson, OH 44236 US Offering type Development Annualized Return 11.7% Term 12 Months No longer accepting investors $252,200 of $252,200 funded fully funded BR30 - Single Family Equity Investment in Euclid, OH *** E. 225th Street, Euclid, OH 44123 US Offering type Acquisition Annualized Return 10.0% Term 12 Months No longer accepting investors $55,000 of $55,000 funded fully funded BR26 - Single Family Equity Investment in Euclid, OH ***** Puritan Road, Euclid, OH 44123 US Offering type Acquisition Annualized Return 10.0% Term 12 Months No longer accepting investors $79,000 of $79,000 funded browse investments SECURITY FROM THE START Brelion’s unique platform and dynamic data encryption system mean your investments and your personal information are protected by some of the industry’s most advanced security measures. Learn more THE PROCESS 1. Start a free account To gain unlimited access to the general profiles of the projects listed on Brelion.com, provide your name, basic contact information, a password, and a rough estimate of how much you plan to invest. 2. Complete accreditation After logging into your new account, go to “My Account” to begin the accreditation process. Brelion will guide you through the process, which should take one business day. 3. Reserve investments If accredited, view the complete details of any project on the Investments page. Click on any individual offering to access more specific information and pledge to the investment. 4. Fund your investments Brelion will notify you when the investment you’ve pledged toward goes live. You will then have 48 hours to invest your desired amount. All projects are executed on a first come, first serve basis. 5. Track investments Track the progress of the investment under the “My Investments” section of your profile. You will be able to see the total amount the project has raised thus far, and how much is needed to complete its funding goal. 6. Repeat After the project is funded, you will receive monthly updates and, for debt offerings, interest payments throughout the term of the investment. In the meantime you are free to invest in more projects. Learn more IT’S YOUR TOWN. OWN IT. IMPROVE IT. INVEST IN IT. The city of Cleveland, and much of Northeast Ohio, is experiencing a renaissance and surge in local pride not seen in decades. Be part of the transformation by helping to build and support the city via investing in local real estate. view real estate projects near you Subscribe to our Monthly Newsletter Enter email address to stay up on new developments SUBMIT company About Contact Us IAR learn The process FAQ Blog What to Expect Industry News legal & support Terms Privacy Policy Security 59 Alpha Park Drive Highland Heights, OH 44143 Phone: 888-564-3213 Copyright ? 2015-2016 Brelion, LLC. All rights reserved. By using this Site, you are subject to our Terms and our Privacy Policy. Please read these carefully before proceeding. Our Site offers qualified investors the opportunity to invest in real estate development projects. However, we do not make recommendations regarding the appropriateness of particular opportunity for any particular investor. We are not investment advisers. Investors must make their own investment decisions, either alone or with their personal advisors. Real estate can be risky and unpredictable. For example, many experienced, informed people lost money when the real estate market declined in 2007-8. History has shown that the market can go down without warning, sometimes resulting in significant losses. You should invest in real estate development in general, and in the opportunities listed at the Site in particular, only if you can afford to lose your investment and are willing to live with the ups and downs of the real estate industry. We may provide financial projections for some of the investment opportunities listed on the Site. All such financial projections are only estimates based on current conditions and current assumptions. Because it is impossible to predict the future with certainty, and the success of a project depends on many factors outside our control, the actual result of any investment is likely to be different than the original projection, often by a large amount. Neither we nor anyone else guaranties the results reflected in financial projections you see on the Site. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state agency has reviewed the investment opportunities listed on the Site. Thank you for using the Site. If you have questions, please contact us at info@brelion.com Login Login Forgot your password? We have send an email with a confirmation link to your email address. If you have not received confirmation email, click here to resend. If you need additional assistance, please contact us at support@brelion.com raise capital investments companies learn blog about			
brelion.com Whois
Domain Name: BRELION.COMRegistrar URL: http://www.godaddy.comRegistrant Name: Registered WebmasterRegistrant Organization:Name Server: NS09.DOMAINCONTROL.COMName Server: NS10.DOMAINCONTROL.COMDNSSEC: unsignedFor complete domain details go to:http://who.godaddy.com/whoischeck.aspx?domain=BRELION.COMThe data contained in GoDaddy.com, LLC's WhoIs database,while believed by the company to be reliable, is provided "as is"with no guarantee or warranties regarding its accuracy. Thisinformation is provided for the sole purpose of assisting youin obtaining information about domain name registration records.Any use of this data for any other purpose is expressly forbidden without the prior writtenpermission of GoDaddy.com, LLC. By submitting an inquiry,you agree to these terms of usage and limitations of warranty. In particular,you agree not to use this data to allow, enable, or otherwise make possible,dissemination or collection of this data, in part or in its entirety, for anypurpose, such as the transmission of unsolicited advertising andand solicitations of any kind, including spam. You further agreenot to use this data to enable high volume, automated or robotic electronicprocesses designed to collect or compile this data for any purpose,including mining this data for your own personal or commercial purposes.Please note: the registrant of the domain name is specifiedin the "registrant" section. In most cases, GoDaddy.com, LLCis not the registrant of domain names listed in this database


Top 100|Sites Of Recently Update|Featured Sites
© OursSite.Com - Ours Site
Contact Us: 







 X-37 Launcher | 37MM Flare Launcher | X Products | High Capacity                                          FacebookYoutubeInstagramMy Account Remember MeCart    SALEHigh Capacity Drum Magazines AR-15 High Capacity Drum Magazines.308 High Capacity Drum Magazines9MM High Capacity Drum MagazinesCan Cannon & Launchers Can Cannon and LaunchersGas Port Return FormUppers & Accessories AR-15 Complete UppersAR-15 BarrelsAR-15 Pistol Grips & StocksAR-15 HandguardsAR-15 & 308 Muzzle DevicesAR-15 & .308 Upper & Lower ReceiversX GearAmmo and Blanks Blanks and 37MM Launcher Ammo50 BMG AmmoPistol Ammo9mm.25 Auto.32 Auto.357 Magnum.38 Special.38 Super.380 Auto.40 S&W.44 Magnum.44 Special.45 ACP.45 ColtRifle Ammo.45 Long Colt32-20 Win38-40 Win44-40 Win5.7x28mmMedia & News BlogAcquitted by the BATF!Legalize My Can CannonWAR-ZM4 RiflePhotosVideosPress ReleasesSupportSearch Home/X-37 Launcher | 37MM Flare LauncherX-37 Launcher | 37MM Flare Launcher$689.99Weight5 lbsShipping Dimensions20 x 5 x 5 inCaliber37MMBrandX ProductsDimensionsL 13.5″ H 5″ W 2″PackagingPlastic Carry Case L 14″ H 11″ W 3″Weight3 lbs 3.8 ozOut of stock SKU: XAC-LAU37-BLK Categories: Can Cannon and Launchers, Shipping 2 Description Specifications Reviews (0)Product DescriptionThe best 37 MM “Flare” launcher ever. The new side breaching launcher is the easiest to use and strongest ever built. The robust system and has a double action trigger so it fires upon the pull of the trigger; eliminating slamfiring and misfiring. Unit opens with a spring loaded switch and ejector system that closes via touch. Mounts to any picatinny rail over 5″ and our stand alone stock system. The best part, it’s 50 state legal and doesn’t require an FFL!Note: This is the launcher unit only, stock and ammo sold separatelySpecificationsWeight5 lbsShipping Dimensions20 x 5 x 5 inCaliber37MMBrandX ProductsDimensionsL 13.5″ H 5″ W 2″PackagingPlastic Carry Case L 14″ H 11″ W 3″Weight3 lbs 3.8 ozReviewsThere are no reviews yet.Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.  Share On Facebook   Tweet This Product  Pin This Product   Mail This Product Related Products     View Product   Add to cart  /				 DetailsGrappling Hook for Can Cannon $155.00     View Product   Add to cart  /				 Details.308 Multi Use Launcher (M.U.L.) $499.95     View Product   Add to cart  /				 DetailsGrappling Hook for X37 Launchers $160.00     View Product   Add to cart  /				 Details.22 Blank Base for X37 Launchers $55.00                                     

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 






Blueberry Royale | American Hats LLC











































 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







