

British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 3:06 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd. (BAPIML) is a privately owned investment manager. The firm manages pension funds made up of British Airways’ and members' payments into the schemes. It invests in the public equity markets, fixed income, and alternative investment across the globe. The firm benchmarks its investments with the Financial Times Stock Exchange Index. It invests in alternative investment including private equity, infrastructure, commodities, and leveraged loans. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. It operates as a subsidiary of British Airways Pension Trustees Limited. British Airways Pensions Investment Mana...
British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd. (BAPIML) is a privately owned investment manager. The firm manages pension funds made up of British Airways’ and members' payments into the schemes. It invests in the public equity markets, fixed income, and alternative investment across the globe. The firm benchmarks its investments with the Financial Times Stock Exchange Index. It invests in alternative investment including private equity, infrastructure, commodities, and leveraged loans. The firm employs a combination of in-house and external research to make its investments. It operates as a subsidiary of British Airways Pension Trustees Limited. British Airways Pensions Investment Management is based in London, United Kingdom.
Detailed Description


11th FloorMet Building22 Percy StreetLondon,  W1T 2BUUnited KingdomFounded in 1988



Phone: 44 20 7908 5800

Fax: 44 20 7908 5897

www.mybapension.com







Key Executives for British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.




Ms. Michelle McGregor-Smith Jane


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      








Ms. Barbara Heap


      	Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. Key Developments

British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. Presents at 25th Anniversary AGM & Annual Conference, Sep-24-2015 02:20 PM
Sep 21 15
British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. Presents at 25th Anniversary AGM & Annual Conference, Sep-24-2015 02:20 PM. Venue: London, United Kingdom. Speakers: Michelle McGregor-Smith, CEO.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd., please visit www.mybapension.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























    British Airways Pension Investment Management Limited | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        British Airways Pension Investment Management Limited
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskNet Assets
                                          -312.8k
                                                                                        GBPCurrent Liabilities
                                          312.8k
                                                                                        GBPTurnover— Return on Capital Employed (%)— DetailsCompany nameBritish Airways Pension Investment Management LimitedCompany number02220777Legal Entity Identifier—
                                                  Company typePrivate limited with share capitalIncorporation date12 Feb 1988Type of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            02 Oct 2016
                        Next annual returns due
                                16 Oct 2017
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Mar 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                31 Dec 2017
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                6602 — Pension Funding
                            SIC 2007
                                6530 — Pension Funding
                            WebsiteAdd websiteSocial MediaRegistered AddressWhitelocke House2-4 Lampton RoadHounslowMiddlesexTW3 1HUUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
            
    British Airways Pension Investment Management Limited was registered on 12 Feb 1988        with its registered office in Middlesex.
                The business has a status listed as "Active".                     
                It currently has  3 directors.            The business currently employs 20-49 people.            British Airways Pension Investment Management Limited
                                has no subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities312,839 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets-312,839 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets0 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        pension funding
                                    
                                        funding
                                    
                                        financial services
                                    
                                        asset management
                                    
                                        administration
                                    
                                        administration services
                                    
                                        pension scheme
                                    
                                        airway
                                    
                                        investment management
                                    
                                        investment
                                    Age
                                    Established
                                
                                20-50 years
                            Location
                                    TW3
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionThe provision of investment management and administration services for the Airways Pensions Schemes (APS) and the New Airways Pension Scheme (NAPS).LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading addressWhitelocke House2-4 Lampton RoadHounslowMiddlesexTW3 1HUUnited KingdomWhitelocke House2-4 Lampton RoadHounslowMiddlesexTW3 1HUUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×﻿

























British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Has $52.05 Million Stake in Altria Group (NYSE:MO) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Altria Group
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Altria Group with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Athene Holding Ltd. (NYSE:ATH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research
British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Has $52.05 Million Stake in Altria Group (NYSE:MO)
Baader Bank Analysts Give Software AG (SOW) a €45.00 Price Target
Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Siltronic AG (WAF) a €65.00 Price Target
Prosiebensat 1 Media SE (PSM) PT Set at €40.00 by Deutsche Bank AG
CytomX Therapeutics, Inc. (CTMX) CFO Debanjan Ray Sells 2,500 Shares
Qorvo, Inc. (NASDAQ:QRVO) VP James L. Klein Sells 2,600 Shares
Analysts Expect Ciner Resources LP (NYSE:CINR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $118.60 Million
$47.20 Million in Sales Expected for Q2 Holdings, Inc. (QTWO) This Quarter
Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (TSEM) Stake Reduced by SG Americas Securities LLC
OUTFRONT Media Inc. (OUT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
The Hanover Insurance Group (NYSE:THG) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.34
James River Group Holdings, Ltd. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.51 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (JRVR)
Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect RMR Real Estate Income Fund (NYSE:RIF) Share Price
Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Cuts Position in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX)
Independent Bank Corp. (INDB) Stake Held by Alliancebernstein L.P.
AE Wealth Management LLC Increases Position in Ford Motor Company (F)
NBT Bancorp Inc. (NBTB) Shares Sold by Alliancebernstein L.P.
Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $2,467,000 Stake in Knowles Corporation (KN)
Head to Head Contrast: Tribune Media (TRCO) versus Grupo Televisa (NYSE:TV)


 


British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Has $52.05 Million Stake in Altria Group (NYSE:MO)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd raised its position in shares of Altria Group (NYSE:MO) by 117.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 729,199 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 393,464 shares during the period. Altria Group comprises approximately 1.6% of British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd’s holdings in Altria Group were worth $52,052,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Advantage Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in Altria Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $116,000. Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. acquired a new position in Altria Group during the first quarter valued at about $134,000. Acropolis Investment Management LLC raised its position in Altria Group by 0.3% in the first quarter. Acropolis Investment Management LLC now owns 1,939 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 5 shares in the last quarter. Zions Bancorporation raised its position in Altria Group by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 2,428 shares of the company’s stock valued at $164,000 after buying an additional 99 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new position in Altria Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $176,000. 61.99% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




Altria Group (NYSE MO) opened at 73.42 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $142.36 billion, a PE ratio of 9.94 and a beta of 0.64. Altria Group has a 1-year low of $60.82 and a 1-year high of $77.79. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $75.10 and a 200-day moving average price of $72.87. 


 Get Altria Group alerts:



Altria Group (NYSE:MO) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.73 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $4.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.63 billion. Altria Group had a net margin of 55.99% and a return on equity of 76.43%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.72 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Altria Group will post $3.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 10th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th were given a dividend of $0.61 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $2.44 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.32%. Altria Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 33.02%. 
WARNING: This story was published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/british-airways-pensions-investment-management-ltd-acquires-393464-shares-of-altria-group-nysemo-updated.html. 
Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Piper Jaffray Companies started coverage on Altria Group in a report on Wednesday, May 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $76.00 target price for the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Altria Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 23rd. Cowen and Company reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $74.00 price objective on shares of Altria Group in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. BidaskClub downgraded Altria Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $70.00 price objective (down previously from $71.00) on shares of Altria Group in a research note on Monday, July 17th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $72.34.
In related news, Director George Munoz sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.35, for a total transaction of $361,750.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, Director Dinyar S. Devitre sold 4,285 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.72, for a total transaction of $303,035.20. Following the sale, the director now owns 112,457 shares in the company, valued at approximately $7,952,959.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.15% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Altria Group Company Profile
Altria Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s segments include smokeable products, smokeless products and wine. The Company’s subsidiaries include Philip Morris USA Inc (PM USA), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes in the United States; John Middleton Co (Middleton), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of machine-made cigars and pipe tobacco, and UST LLC (UST), which, through its subsidiaries, including U.S. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Altria Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Altria Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































My BA Pension -
    
    British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd (BAPIML)

  


















British Airways Pensions logo



Home |
                Contact us |
                Disclaimer
                |
                Register |
                Log in to mybapension




Main menu
Search


Search
                APS:
                



















About us
menu







British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd (BAPIML)
Key facts

Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority
Directors: Virginia Holmes, Paul Douglas and Michelle McGregor-Smith as Chief Executive
Carries out day-to-day investment management within the parameters established by the Trustee of APS and NAPS

For more information on how the Trustee and BAPIML approach two key aspects of investment please read the Corporate Governance page.

 





Search
APS:




Search





mybapension online


Log in
to see the personal statements and tools available to you.




Glossary


The
Glossary
contains definitions of all the technical terms used on this website.










Scheme information

What do I get?
How much does it cost?
Changes to my life
I'm thinking of retiring



AVCs

How do I get more?
AVC fund rates
What I get from my AVC account



Forms and documents

Scheme documents
Handbooks and leaflets
Trust Deed and Rules
Corporate Governance
Forms



About us

Trustees
Our service standards




Videos
FAQs
Glossary
News
mybapension online
Useful links

Data protection statement











News on British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Organization                            


                                        British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.                                        ▼





                                Topic                            


                                        All Topics                                        ▼








People

                                    Find news about people
                                





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.











British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. disclosed a new stake in BP Plc in a filing on July 3, 2017


                                July 13, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. disclosed a new stake in British American Tobacco Plc in a filing on July 3, 2017


                                July 12, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. disclosed a new stake in HSBC Holdings Plc in a filing on July 3, 2017


                                July 12, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










British Airways has responded to its latest IT disaster particularly badly : British Airways


                                June 3, 2017                                 • 
                                The Economist                            


                                  ... when things go wrong, as they did on May 27th when British Airways (BA) grounded planes across the globe after a global IT systems crash. ...
                                









British Airways vows to ensure no repeat of IT failure that caused global flights disruption 


                                May 30, 2017                                 • 
                                VentureBeat                            


                                  ... May 30, 2017( VentureBeat: http://venturebeat.com / Delivered by Newstex) (Reuters) — British Airways (BA) said it would take steps to ensure there was no repeat ...
                                









British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. disclosed in a filing on March 31, 2017 that it reduced its stake in Apple, Inc.


                                May 9, 2017                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










British Airways is turning into a no-frills airline : British Airways on a budget


                                April 1, 2017                                 • 
                                The Economist                            


                                  ... not brilliant news, Britain's tabloid newspapers have a new hate figure: British Airways (BA). Britain's flag-carrier prides itself as a premium airline, a cut above ...
                                









BA crowned top British brand again


                                February 27, 2017                                 • 
                                City A.M.                            


                                  ... BRITISH Airways (BA) may have hit some turbulence thanks to the weak pound, but ...
                                









British Airways cabin crew to stage 48-hour walkout from 10 January


                                January 4, 2017                                 • 
                                City A.M.                            


                                  ... BRITISH Airways (BA) cabin crew will stage a 48-hour strike next week in an ...
                                









UK roundup: TPR intervention, BHS report, British Airways [updated]


                                October 27, 2016                                 • 
                                Investment & Pensions Europe                            


                                  ... work and pensions committee, in addition to a counsel opinion. Lastly, British Airways (BA) has agreed to pay deficit contributions of at least �300m a ...
                                









London Metropolitan University - Virgin Atlantic strategic re-positioning pays off 


                                August 5, 2016                                 • 
                                ENP Newswire                            


                                  ... in just four years In 2012, Willie Walsh, the chief of British Airways (BA), created a nasty dispute with Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin ...
                                









Budget Airlines: Not So Cheap When the Add-ons Add Up


                                July 20, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... to London August 11-18. �The price for the family to fly British Airways (BA) economy class totals$4099.10including taxes and service charges. Airport, online, and mobile ...
                                









Airlines criticised over payouts for damaged wheelchairs


                                June 13, 2016                                 • 
                                The Guardian (London)                            


                                  ... Britain's equality watchdog has criticised British airlines and British Airways (BA) in particular - for their treatment of disabled customers as legal ...
                                









Exclusive: Peter Smith J to face bias allegations in Saudi royals trial


                                March 23, 2016                                 • 
                                The Lawyer                            


                                  ... royal family. The judge, who had to recuse himself from the British Airways (BA) air cargo case last year over issues of conflict, will have ...
                                









British Airways IT staff protest over claims of Tier 2 visa abuse 


                                March 19, 2016                                 • 
                                ICT Monitor Worldwide                            


                                  ... British Airways (BA) IT staff have accused the airline of abusing Tier 2 visas ...
                                









Fitch Upgrades British Airways 2013-1 Class B Certificates, Affirms Class A Certificates


                                November 6, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Fitch Ratings has upgraded the British Airways 2013-1 class B certificates to 'BBB+' from 'BBB' and affirmed the ...
                                









British Airways sacks pension fund chairman over investment dispute


                                August 3, 2015                                 • 
                                Investment & Pensions Europe                            


                                  ... British Airways (BA) has refused to renew the contract of Paul Spencer, chairman at ...
                                









Hedge funds should be partners, say AIMA and Barclays


                                June 24, 2014                                 • 
                                Investment & Pensions Europe                            


                                  ... of the AIMA Investor Steering Committee and chief executive at British Airways Pension Investment Management, said: "What we have found is that investors are increasingly ...
                                









AIMA appoints chair and deputy chair of investor steering committee


                                December 6, 2013                                 • 
                                Hedgeweek                            


                                  ... funds. The new chair is Michelle McGregor-Smith, chief executive of British Airways Pension Investment Management, and the deputy chair is Kurt Silberstein, managing director, alternative ...
                                









Fitch Rates Proposed British Airways' 2013-1 Class A Ctfs 'A' & Class B Ctfs 'BBB-'


                                June 25, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Ctfs 'BBB-' . Fitch Ratings expects to assign the following ratings to British Airways' proposed Pass Through Trusts Series 2013-1: --$721.6 million Class A Certificates ...
                                









Wednesday people roundup


                                June 12, 2013                                 • 
                                IPE.com                            








Related News Feeds






Board and Executive Moves involving British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.







Pension Funds & Sovereign Wealth







Board and Executive Moves in Pension Funds & Sovereign Wealth







Alumni of British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 27, 2017 3:06 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeMichelle McGregor-Smith Jane  11 RelationshipsChief Executive Officer and Director--Barbara   Heap  No RelationshipsAnalyst--
British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeRoger Paul Maynard   15 RelationshipsBritish Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.74Michelle McGregor-Smith Jane   11 RelationshipsBritish Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.--Ruth Therese Cassidy   4 RelationshipsBritish Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.--Allan Charles Bromwich   4 RelationshipsBritish Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.--Clifford   Pocock   4 RelationshipsBritish Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd.--View All Board Members
British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact British Airways Pension Investment Management Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Interview: British Airways Pensions | THE NOUGHTY GRADUATE




















































 







THE NOUGHTY GRADUATE

Search







Search for:



 







 


interviews

Interview: British Airways Pensions

September 29, 2010 The Noughty Graduate 1 Comment




Losing my Virginity

The role I was applying for was a graduate trainee position working as an investment analyst for BA’s pension management team.  However, all I knew going into the interview was that the role involved “working with fund managers in a supportive environment”.  The ad didn’t say much.  I wasn’t sure if they outsourced their portfolio decisions to investment banks (which is what most corporations do with their pension schemes) or if they made their investment decisions in house.  Turns out, they did it all in house.  They had a team of 25 people managing assets in excess of £14 billion.   Extremely impressive.  This was exactly the position I wanted.  I only wish I had learned that before going into the interview….
I had read up on general pension fund management theory, and BA’s schemes too, but as my notes on investment analysis are currently being stored in my Uncle’s attic in another part of the country, I was unable to do a decent job reviewing the necessary information.
So when the financial statements of a holding company were put in front of me and I was asked to pick out three things I was concerned about with regards to the future growth of their two business units, I was a bit stumped.  And it didn’t help that I misread the question and only reported on one of the business units.  But I’m getting ahead of myself.
First, I like to rate companies on how they treat their interviewees.  How a company treats you says a lot about the quality of the company itself, and how they are going to treat you should you be hired.  One way I like to gauge this is by how many weapons of mass rejection they use in the application process.  My theory: the less, the better.  BAP got top marks in this respect.  The application process involved sending my CV and covering letter to an email address.  No competency questions.  No online assessment.  Not even an initial telephone interview.  This is not to say that companies that employ a high number of WMRs are poor quality companies.  But it definitely says that they are too big a company to give the time of day to reading your CV without first having you successfully navigate a series of obstacles.  And I have developed an animosity for these companies simply because I have filled out so many of their damn online applications only to be subsequently rejected and told to keep watching their careers website for future opportunities.  For me, time is money.  The sooner I get a job, the better.  And the longer the application process becomes, the less jobs I can apply for within a given timeframe.  Makes sense.  Right? Oh well.  Times have changed.  Deal with it.
So I received an email from BAP two weeks after my initial submission asking me to come down to London in 3 weeks time for an interview and short assessment.  What made this especially surprising, and noteworthy, was that I found this job on Milkround.  I later found out that there were 400 applications submitted for the role.  They were going to hire 1 person, maybe 2.  I was shortlisted into a group of 25 for interview.  This was going to be cut to about 10, then interviewed for a second time.  Then 10 would become 5 and go for a third interview.  And finally, a decision would be made.  I was really chuffed to have succeeded this far for such a popular job.  And even more so that the company was taking the time to really get to know every applicant (not to mention reading 400 CVs and cover letters! Actually… they most likely used a program to filter through them).
So the first part of the interview consisted of 45 minutes spent on an assessment.  Half of which was Excel-based, involving basic calculation problems on investment returns and currency exchange.  The other half involved analysing a snapshot of Home Retail Group’s financial statements and writing down 3 questions you would ask the firm’s management regarding their future growth prospects (the former part I did fine on; the latter… well, we already know how that went).
The next 75 minutes were spent interviewing with 2 fund managers.  I was asked to expand on what I thought of Home Retail Group’s financials.  Would I invest in the company? What sort of additional information did I need to come to that decision? The conversation then moved on to the general economy.  What did I think caused the recent problems in Greece and Spain? In Ireland? What caused the recent financial crisis?
Following that, the conversation turned towards pension funds and the sorts of investments they made.  What sort of investments would a mature fund make? An immature fund? What about alternative investments? What about art? What do you think the differences are between investing in equities vs. art? How do you value art?
Mixed throughout were some more common questions like “what are your weaknesses” and “how do you get on working in teams”.  I’ve had plenty of practice receiving these questions.  And by now you’d think I’d be able to give a decent response each time.  But no.  For my adeptness in the interview room is comparable to my performance with the opposite sex on a first date.  I freeze up, and my IQ drops to that of a small woodland creature.  I say things that, as they come from my mouth, I realize their stupidity, but am powerless to stop.  Instead I continue on, making the situation worse and embarrassing both parties.
Moving on!
The interview closed with a brief overview of my CV, and this was only because I brought up how I had not listed my complete work experience (I had my reasons).  Followed by a brief overview of the training scheme and a chance for me to ask my questions.
To note, the training would see me working for a time with the UK equities team, followed by the US equities team.  Learning the different strategies used by each respective team and general practises.  In the end, I would be assigned to the team I was best suited for and left to my own devices.  They seemed to accentuate that learning would be largely independently driven.  They would sponsor the usual IMC and CFA qualifications, but noted that this scheme was not as extensive as that of other companies.  This didn’t discourage me.  I don’t expect to be spoon-fed my career.  I intend to work for it.
All in all, the interview did not go very well for me.  The main reason being that I failed to prepare in the areas I was questioned in.  I focused most of my energies on learning my CV back to front.  And this was barely a part of the interview! Oh well, my fault.  You live and you learn.  I now know what I need to know.





		One thought on “Interview: British Airways Pensions”	





Dear TNG,
Thank you for attending the interview at our office on Tuesday 28th September.  As mentioned previously, you were one of the exceptional candidates selected to attend the first round of interviews from over 400 applicants.
However, I am writing to advise you that unfortunately, after careful consideration, we have decided not to pursue your application further.  We would like to thank you for your interest in British Airways Pensions and wish you the best of luck with your job seeking and future career.
With kind regards,
British Airways Pension Investment Management Limited

Reply 



Leave a Reply Cancel reply









Subscribe 


Name(required)



redirect



Email(required)








 
FollowSupport 



Fast minds in a slow world. Broke through a recession and into a career. Now what?



Search for:



CURRICULUM VITAE 
The Graduate is just that. Timid. Alone. Nervous.A graduate.His aim is to escape the clutches of a lost generation label and help his fellow Generation ∅ees do the same.Get in touch on Twitter @TheNoughtyGrad.
topics accountancy
advice
book reviews
inspiration
interviews
investment management
London
on the job
student loans
  Recent Posts 

Are job titles on their way out?
October 4, 2014


TNG reviews Peter Lynch
March 23, 2014


Hey, are you guys still here?
January 25, 2014


Don’t Make These Mistakes When Networking (Guest Post)
January 29, 2013


Podcasts Are Changing My Life
May 7, 2012





Most Popular

Interview: Bloomberg (Round 3 – Final) 77 comments 
Interview: Bloomberg (2nd Round) 27 comments 
Interview: FactSet (Round 2) 53 comments 
Interview: FactSet (3rd Round) 39 comments 
Graduate Interview #8: Anheuser-Busch Inbev 20 comments 
































﻿































Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Shares Sold by Tealwood Asset Management Inc. - Markets Daily













































 
























 




 





















Daily Ratings & News for Time Warner Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Time Warner Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 





Follow @TheMarketsDaily


The Markets Daily









Recent Posts

Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Shares Sold by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.
Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF) Stake Increased by BTIM Corp.
Quotient Investors LLC Has $1,145,000 Stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE)
Public Storage (PSA) Position Boosted by Gulf International Bank UK Ltd
Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Buys Shares of 82,717 Citigroup Inc. (C)
Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. Holds Position in Reynolds American Inc (RAI)
Alpha Windward LLC Has $287,000 Position in Anthem, Inc. (ANTM)
Mandatum Life Insurance Co Ltd Has $845,000 Position in NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE)
Critical Comparison: SuperCom (SPCB) versus IMPINJ (NYSE:PI)
Celgene Corporation’s (NASDAQ:CELG) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Robert W. Baird
MKM Partners Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Infinera Corporation (INFN)
Changyou.com Limited (CYOU) versus Sohu.com (NASDAQ:SOHU) Head-To-Head Comparison
Great Southern Bancorp’s (GSBC) Hold Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods
Rent-A-Center Inc. (NASDAQ:RCII) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages
Sonoco Products Company (NYSE:SON) Lowered to Sell at Vertical Research
Dixons Carphone PLC’s (LON:DC) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at HSBC Holdings plc
Brokerages Set Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) PT at $12.79
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Stake Held by BLB&B Advisors LLC
MU Investments Co. Ltd. Holds Stake in Ross Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROST)
Baltimore Washington Financial Advisors Inc. Decreases Position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)




 


Time Warner Inc. (TWX) Shares Sold by Tealwood Asset Management Inc.

					Posted by Danessa Lincoln on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 




Tealwood Asset Management Inc. decreased its stake in shares of  Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX) by 1.9% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 20,491 shares of the media conglomerate’s stock after selling 400 shares during the period. Tealwood Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Time Warner were worth $2,058,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of TWX. Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new position in shares of  Time Warner during the fourth quarter worth about $5,090,000.  Wealthfront Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Time Warner during the fourth quarter worth about $1,925,000.  USA Financial Portformulas Corp bought a new position in shares of  Time Warner during the fourth quarter worth about $3,874,000.  Kentucky Retirement Systems bought a new position in shares of  Time Warner during the fourth quarter worth about $5,402,000.  Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in shares of  Time Warner during the fourth quarter worth about $2,410,000. Institutional investors own  79.86% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Time Warner Inc. alerts:



Shares of Time Warner Inc. (TWX) traded up 0.05% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $99.47. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,266,135 shares. Time Warner Inc. has a 1-year low of $74.27 and a 1-year high of $102.45. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $99.73 and a 200-day moving average price of $98.12. The stock has a market cap of $77.14 billion, a PE ratio of 18.98 and a beta of 1.05. 




Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The media conglomerate reported $1.66 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.44 by $0.22. Time Warner had a net margin of 13.90% and a return on equity of 19.45%. The company had revenue of $7.74 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.66 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $1.49 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.8% on a year-over-year basis.  Analysts predict that  Time Warner Inc. will post $6.04 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Stockholders of record on Monday, July 10th will be paid a dividend of $0.4025 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, July 6th. This represents a $1.61 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.62%. Time Warner’s dividend payout ratio  is 30.78%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first  posted by Markets Daily and is owned by of Markets Daily. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at https://www.themarketsdaily.com/2017/07/22/time-warner-inc-twx-shares-sold-by-tealwood-asset-management-inc.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Morgan Stanley  restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Time Warner in a report on Thursday, July 6th. Pivotal Research cut Time Warner from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $100.00 to $107.50 in a report on Thursday, April 20th. Royal Bank Of Canada  set a $108.00 target price on Time Warner and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, June 12th. BidaskClub upgraded Time Warner from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, June 20th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Time Warner from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $113.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, July 13th. One analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, twenty-two have issued  a hold rating, twelve have assigned  a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $100.95.
In other Time Warner news, CFO Howard M. Averill acquired 255 shares of Time Warner stock in a transaction dated Thursday, June 15th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $99.67 per share, for a total transaction of $25,415.85. Following the purchase, the chief financial officer now directly owns 63,399 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,318,978.33. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own  0.16% of the company’s stock. 
Time Warner Company Profile
Time Warner Inc is a media and entertainment company. The Company operates through three segments: Turner, which consists of cable networks and digital media properties; Home Box Office, which consists of premium pay television and over the top (OTT) services and premium pay, basic tier television and OTT services internationally, and Warner Bros., which consists of television, feature film, home video, and videogame production and distribution.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TWX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Time Warner Inc. (NYSE:TWX).







Receive News & Ratings for Time Warner Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Time Warner Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





























Latest News






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website

































































British Airways Pensions Inves | British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd 

                Last Update: 05-02-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 112

                    Number of New Stocks: 19




                    Total Value: $3,320 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 21%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK




















BRITISH AIRWAYS PENSIONS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BRITISH AIRWAYS PENSIONS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LTD
                    

•   LONDON, X0
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             British Airways Pensions Investment Management LTD is based out of London.   Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $3,320,139,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 22.01%. British Airways Pensions Investment Management LTD's largest holding is Apple Inc with shares held of 1,027,055.   WhaleWisdom has at least 10 13F filings in our database for British Airways Pensions Investment Management LTD. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BRITISH AIRWAYS PENSIONS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


PG
        
        Procter & Gamble Co...
1.587%



UNP
        
        Union Pacific Corp.
1.379%



DUK
        
        Duke Energy Corp.
1.218%



EXC
        
        Exelon Corp.
1.11%



ES
        
        Northeast Utilities
1.058%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


UPS
         
         United Parcel Servi...
1.123%


AZO
         
         AutoZone Inc.
1.087%


APD
         
         Air Products & Chem...
1.048%


SLB
         
         Schlumberger Ltd.
1.046%


CCI
         
         Crown Castle Intern...
0.984%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


AAPL
                                                  
                                                  Apple Inc
4.4417%


MSFT
                                                  
                                                  Microsoft Corp.
3.3383%


JPM
                                                  
                                                  JPMorgan Chase & Co.
2.1821%


UNH
                                                  
                                                  UnitedHealth Group Inc.
1.8027%


MRK
                                                  
                                                  Merck & Co
1.7945%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $3.32 Billion

                        Prior Market Value
                        $3.457 Billion
New Purchases20 stocks
Additional Purchases22 stocks
Sold out of23 stocks
Reduced holdings in64 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %22.01%
Turnover %
                        [1]:38.39%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:30.18%
Time Held Top20:3.00 quarters
Time Held Top10:2.90 quarters
Time Held All:4.71 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for BRITISH AIRWAYS PENSIONS INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LTD






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
0.25%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
14.96%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-26








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-26
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export








Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














british airways pensions - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











British Airways | britishairways.com



Ad
 ·
www.britishairways.com



Book Your Flights at the Official British Airways Site. Book Now!


britishairways.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(37,118 reviews)





London City Breaks



British Airways Vacations



Customise Your Trip




Special Offers



London Hotel Deals



BA Layaway Vacations





British Pensions - Look Up Quick Results | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com



Search multiple engines for British Pensions.




British Airways Cards - Find It here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​British Airways Cards/​Now



Find British Airways Cards Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances
















British Airways




British Airways (BA) is the largest airline in the United Kingdom based on fleet size, or the second largest, behind easyJet, when measured by passengers carried. The airline is based

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Iberia (airline) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Iberia_(airline)


Iberia (airline) Source ... British Airways operates two funded principal defined benefit pension schemes in the UK. British Airways admits that one of the most ...


Death of the Original Jumbo Jet, Boeing's 747-400 - Engadget

https://www.engadget.com/2014/08/15/747-grounded


The death of the original jumbo jet, Boeing's 747-400. Zach Honig. 08.15.14 ... with British Airways, Lufthansa and United placing some of the largest orders.


List of institutional investors in the United Kingdom - WOW

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_institutional_investors_in_the_United_Kingdom


This is a list of institutional investors in the United Kingdom. ... British Airways Pension Scheme: HSBC Bank UK Pension Scheme.com: Aviva Staff Pension Scheme


British Air Strike Fouls Global Air Passenger Traffic ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2010/03/20/british-air-strike-fouls...


It will be harder for tens of thousands of international travelers to get around this weekend as British Airways' (BAIRY) cabin crews began a three-day strike. The ...


Crown Castle International Corp news, features and videos ...

www.wow.com/channel/crown-castle-international-corp


British Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd Buys... London, X0, based Investment companyBritish Airways Pensions Investment Management Ltd buys Procter ...


Airline Mergers: European Edition - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/10/07/airline-mergers...


In 2011, British Airways and Spanish airline Iberia formed International Consolidated Airlines Group with the goal of seeing major merger synergies by 2015.


London City Airport - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/London_City_Airport


British Airways commenced the first scheduled ... In February 2016 the airport was bought by Canadian pension ... London City Airport is linked to London's ...


Hempstead, Kent - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Hempstead,_Kent


Hempstead, Kent. Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hempstead,_Kent ... British Airways Pension Fund and British Steel Pension Fund: No. of stores and services: 50+


British Midland International - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/BMI_(airline)


British Midland Airways ... it would begin using the British Midland International name, ... to be responsible for the BMI pension scheme after the sale ...


Ashby St Ledgers - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Ashby_St_Ledgers


Ashby St Ledgers was first mentioned in the Domesday Book, which gave the place name as Ascebi ... having purchased it from the British Airways Pension Fund.










British Airways | britishairways.com



Ad
 ·
www.britishairways.com



Book Your Flights at the Official British Airways Site. Book Now!


britishairways.com is rated


















Rated 4.5 out of 5.0

(37,118 reviews)





London City Breaks



British Airways Vacations



Customise Your Trip




Special Offers



London Hotel Deals



BA Layaway Vacations





British Pensions - Look Up Quick Results | search.excite.com



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com



Search multiple engines for British Pensions.




British Airways Cards - Find It here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​British Airways Cards/​Now



Find British Airways Cards Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related tobritish airways pensions



my baplc sign in


british pension office


british pension service


pension online



airline retirement age


https mypensiononline


aps pension




12345Next

Related Searches



my baplc sign in


british pension office


british pension service


pension online


airline retirement age


https mypensiononline


aps pension




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network
















Opal Group - Organizer of conferences across various industries.















































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register













































Opal Group is a global conference organizer catering to top executives and decision makers throughout various industries.




We believe an important part of our role is that of a “relationship broker.”
Opal Group ensures that each conference provides ample opportunity for our delegates to create meaningful relationships with like-minded professionals. 







Upcoming Conferences







Life Sciences








Life Sciences

Upcoming Events

The Opal Life Sciences division coordinates leading life sciences, pharmaceutical, and healthcare, conferences. These events are designed for executives from Hospitals, IPAs, Physician Groups, Health Insurance, Pharmaceutical, Biotech, Medical Device, and Drug Delivery firms.






Chief Nursing Officer Summit 2017

September 18, 2017 - September 19, 2017
Twelve Atlantic Station, Atlanta, GA




September 18, 2017 - September 19, 2017
Twelve Atlantic Station, Atlanta, GA




Chief Nursing Officer Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Healthcare Chief Medical Officer Summit 2017

October 16, 2017 - October 17, 2017
The Highland Dallas, Dallas, TX




October 16, 2017 - October 17, 2017
The Highland Dallas, Dallas, TX




Healthcare Chief Medical Officer Summit 2017
Where Healthcare Provider & Payer CMOs Converge for Collaborative Innovation

Register now
Event details










Finance








Finance

Upcoming Events

The Opal Finance division produces leading institutional investment conferences globally. These events are designed for High-Net-Worth Individuals and executives in Corporate Pension Funds, Endowments, Public Funds, Family Offices, Foundations, Taft-Hartley Funds, Financial Planning Firms, 401 (k) Plans, Investment Consultancies, Hedge Funds, Investment Banks, Brokerage Firms, Law Firms and Accounting Firms.






Financial Innovation and Payments Summit 2017

July 30, 2017 - August 1, 2017
Newport Marriott, Newport, RI




July 30, 2017 - August 1, 2017
Newport Marriott, Newport, RI




Financial Innovation and Payments Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Women’s Investment Management Leadership Summit 2017

September 14, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




September 14, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




Women’s Investment Management Leadership Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Emerging Managers Summit 2017

September 14, 2017 - September 15, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




September 14, 2017 - September 15, 2017
Crowne Plaza Hotel, Times Square, New York, NY




Emerging Managers Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Family Office & Private Wealth Management Forum West 2017

October 25, 2017 - October 27, 2017
Napa Valley Marriott, Napa, CA




October 25, 2017 - October 27, 2017
Napa Valley Marriott, Napa, CA




Family Office & Private Wealth Management Forum West 2017
"Harvesting the Returns"  A Private Wealth Series Event

Register now
Event details






European CLO Summit 2017

November 2, 2017
etc.venues County Hall, London




November 2, 2017
etc.venues County Hall, London




European CLO Summit 2017


Register now
Event details










Facilities








Facilities

Upcoming Events

Opal Group's Facilities Division produces invitation-only strategy meetings for senior administrators to collaborate and share best practices in smaller, more focused sessions, unlike a typical conference or trade show model. Areas of programming include Architecture, Interior Design, K-12 Facilities, Collegiate Athletics Facilities, K-12 Technology and K-12 Curriculum.






Opal Group SpArc Canada 2017

September 24, 2017 - September 26, 2017
Hilton Toronto/Markham Suites, Toronto, Ontario




September 24, 2017 - September 26, 2017
Hilton Toronto/Markham Suites, Toronto, Ontario




Opal Group SpArc Canada 2017


Register now
Event details






Labs and Research Facilities Summit 2017

December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




Labs and Research Facilities Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Healthcare Facilities Design Summit 2017

December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




December 3, 2017 - December 5, 2017
Omni La Mansión del Rio, San Antonio, TX




Healthcare Facilities Design Summit 2017


Register now
Event details






Opal Group SpArc 2018

March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




Opal Group SpArc 2018


Register now
Event details






Opal Group SpArc Interiors 2018

March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




March 4, 2018 - March 6, 2018
Hilton Fort Worth, Fort Worth, TX




Opal Group SpArc Interiors 2018


Register now
Event details












Contact Us
Required Fields. (Use only digits for phone numbers. ie. 2125329898.)





Address
10 East 38th Street, 4th Floor New York, NY 10016


Email us
feedback@opalgroup.net


Phone
(212) 532-9898


Fax
(212) 532-7151






























Please leave this field empty (spam defense) 



Message


Send 


 






Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!




















Page not found - Opal Group





































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register










































404



The requested page cannot be found
Start from Our Homepage 	or Use a Search









Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!



















Page not found - Opal Group





































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register










































404



The requested page cannot be found
Start from Our Homepage 	or Use a Search









Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!



















Page not found - Opal Group





































 















Home
Conferences

All Divisions
Finance
Facilities
Life Sciences


Request Information

Request Information
Sponsorship
Mailing List
Partnership


Suggest a Speaker
About Us
Contact Us

Register










































404



The requested page cannot be found
Start from Our Homepage 	or Use a Search









Your message has been sent successfully, thanks!











