

Shelley G. Broader: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 3:15 AM ET
Specialty Retail

Company Overview of Chico's FAS, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Shelley G. Broader  CEO, President & Director, Chico's FAS, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 10 different industries.See Board Relationships52$9,463,751As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Shelley G. Broader has been the Chief Executive Officer and President at Chico's FAS Inc. since December 1, 2015. Ms. Broader served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart EMEA at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. from June 1, 2014 to October, 2015. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at Walmart Canada Corp., a subsidiary of Walmart Canada Corp. since September 28, 2011 and January 19, 2012 respectively. She has 25 years of North American ... retail leadership experience, where she served as Senior Vice President at the Wal-Mart's Sam's Club division. She served as the President of Crafts Chain Michael's. She served as the Chief Operating Officer and President of Michaels Stores, Inc. from June 2008 to September 2009. She served as the Chief Merchandising Officer at Walmart Canada Corp. since December 2010. She served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Sweetbay LLC from February 23, 2006 to June 9, 2008. From June 2003 to March 2006, she served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Sweetbay LLC. Ms. Broader also served as the President and Chief Operating Officer at Sweetbay Supermarket Inc. from June 23, 2003 to June 2008. From April 1991 to June 2003, she served at various positions of increasing management responsibility at Hannaford Bros. Co. Inc., including Senior Vice President of Business Strategy, Marketing and Communications. Her prior financial service industry experience includes Massachusetts Financial Services Company and Assistant Vice President at First Albany Corporation. She has been a Director of Chico's FAS Inc. since December 1, 2015. She has been Non Executive Independent Director at Raymond James Financial, Inc. since 2008. She serves as a Member of Canadian Advisory Board at Catalyst Inc. She served as a Director at Wal-Mart de Mexico SAB De CV since March 2011. She served as a Non-Executive Director of Massmart Holdings Limited from July 16, 2014 to November 9, 2015. She served as a Trustee of St. Leo University. She served as a Member of Board of Advisors of H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute. She served as a Director of United Way of Tampa Bay. Ms. Broader obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree from Washington State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
11215 Metro ParkwayFort Myers, Florida 33966United StatesPhone: 239-277-6200Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2008-PresentNon Executive Independent DirectorRaymond James Financial, Inc.2015-PresentCEO, President & DirectorChico's FAS, Inc.
Education
BA Washington State University-Pullman
Other Affiliations
Raymond James Financial, Inc.Hannaford Bros. Co. Inc.Michaels Stores, Inc.Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.Sweetbay Supermarket Inc.Etablissements Delhaize Frères et Cie "Le Lion" (Groupe Delhaize) SAWal-Mart de México, S.A.B. de C.V.Washington State University-PullmanWalmart Canada Corp.Massmart Holdings LimitedCatalyst Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,100,000Bonus$1,475,000Total Annual Compensation$2,575,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$6,500,147All Other Compensation$388,604
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$2,963,604Total Short Term Compensation$2,575,000Other Long Term Compensation$6,888,751Total Calculated Compensation$9,463,751




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationFabian T. Garcia Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorRevlon, Inc.$4.5MMorris  Goldfarb Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive OfficerG-III Apparel Group, Ltd.$4.4MRoger L. Rawlins Chief Executive Officer and Inside DirectorDSW Inc.$845.2KAmigo  Victor Herrero Chief Executive Officer and DirectorGuess', Inc.$1.2MJosé Manuel Martínez Gutiérrez Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director Esprit Holdings Limited$15.4MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Chico's FAS, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 





Shelley Broader: Walmart Canada's new secret weapon - Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News	














Rogers Media uses cookies for personalization, to customize its online advertisements, and for other purposes. Learn more or change your cookie preferences. Rogers Media supports the Digital Advertising Alliance principles. By continuing to use our service, you agree to our use of cookies.








We use cookies (why?) You can change cookie preferences. Continued site use signifies consent.

























































































 























































 

















 





Sign In











						Account					


Sign Out








Subscribe
























Search for:














Search for:








Sign In


Subscribe










Follow Us




                Twitter            



                Facebook            



                LinkedIn            

















HomeStrategyShelley Broader: Walmart Canada's new secret weapon









Shelley Broader: Walmart Canada’s new secret weapon
She’s the everymom, but loves the metal band Poison. She’s American, but gets Canada. Shelley Broader is Walmart Canada’s new CEO—and she’s totally ready to take on Target.


    Sep 26, 2012


Joanna Pachner  







Shelley Broader, CEO, Walmart Canada (Photo: Markian Lozowchuk)
Shelley Broader has impressive reflexes. Standing in the produce section of a new Walmart Supercentre, she’s chatting up a family of shoppers when the little boy suddenly chucks a tomato at her. She nimbly palms the fruit before it hits the ground, or her skirt. Since this is a photo shoot, the clean-up in Aisle 1 would have been captured for the cameras (and marked a tearful end to the tyke’s modelling career). Instead, the maneouvre—likely perfected raising her own two kids—draws light applause from her gathered entourage of public relations and store staff. She briefly mugs exasperation—Seriously, this is what I have to do in this job?!—before gamely returning to smiling and fondling nearby vegetables. 
The Supercentre has been carefully chosen for this mise en scène to demonstrate how Walmart is arming for the coming war in Canadian retail. Located in Brampton, on the outer edge of suburban Toronto, flanked by two subdivisions under construction in a heavily south Asian area, the year-old site represents Walmart’s “store of the community,” a kind of mini-mall customized to local tastes. Not only does it stock brands the immigrant residents grew up on, but features a hair and nail salon, a doctor’s office, a pharmacy, a dry cleaner and a café. The large produce section right off the main entrance, bordered by a deli counter, gives the impression of walking into a standard supermarket. Broader points out private-label tarts, part of a recently introduced up-market line. “Our buyers are really sophisticated epicureans in many ways,” she says. 
Not your image of the Walmart shopper? The company has some surprises in store as it rushes to expand, reposition and fine-tune before Target, America’s second-largest discounter, arrives here this spring—one of several U.S. chains crowding into Canada. It’s a seismic event for this country’s retail landscape, expected to cause weaker players, especially midsize chains, to merge or shut down as they get squeezed out of prime locations and undercut in the giants’ price wars. The title of a recent Retail Council of Canada study tersely summed up the challenge: “The easy days are over.” The next six months are a critical time for all the major players. “This will be an unusual opportunity for Canadian retailers to glue customers to their stores before Target opens its sparkling new units,” writes Perry Caicco, the respected retail analyst with CIBC World Markets, in a report. 
It is Walmart, however, that faces the most direct collision with Target. The two companies—both of which celebrated their 50th anniversaries this year—have long been fierce rivals south of the border. Target’s offerings are more chic, and Walmart’s prices tend to be lower, but there are significant similarities between the two in store sizes and range of merchandise. A recent survey by KubasPrimedia of Canadian consumers who have shopped at cross-border Targets identified Walmart as one of two retailers with the most to lose from Target’s arrival. 
Walmart is hardly running scared. For almost two decades, it has been successfully fending off incursions from dollar stores and specialty retailers, chalking up steady growth and market-share gains each year. While the company has been gearing up for heightened competition for some time, this year marks a major acceleration. Walmart is investing $750 million into 73 stores (some are new, others are revamps of existing sites), including conversions of 39 former Zellers outlets. It is the company’s largest expansion since it arrived in this country in 1994. And as anyone who’s been to Walmart lately has noticed—that would be 90% of you out there—the biggest change has been in food. More than half the stores carry fresh food today, and that ratio will grow rapidly. 
Walmart’s new strategy will inevitably buffet other retailers. As incumbents refocus or shift direction to get out of an incoming rival’s crosshairs, their reactions in turn threaten other competitors, thus rippling out through the entire industry. From Loblaws to Dollarama to Costco, everyone is re-examining their game plan—and Walmart is doing more of it than anyone. “Sometimes, the reaction of a competitor to the new entrant causes more market disruption than the arrival of the new entrant itself,” says Caicco. “When Target arrives, Walmart’s responses may be more important than anything else in Canadian retail.” 
Making sure the company defends its Canadian turf is Broader’s Job One. The 48-year-old American has kept a pretty low profile since she ascended to the CEO’s chair a year ago, but we’ll likely see a lot more of her in the coming months. A retailer on a charm offensive couldn’t ask for a better leader. Her charisma and high energy, warm laugh and blond good looks make her the model of Walmart’s prime customer: the busy mom. As she leads a tour of the store, offering up key sound bites, it seems almost like a job-imposed distraction from what she’d rather be doing: chatting up the staff. “A Supercentre is one-stop shopping. You can have something to eat, you can get a haircut, and with the price of gas, the idea you can get it all—Oh hi, how are you!” A Toy Story Woody pillow prompts a crack about buying it for her CFO. Pausing by some ’80s-themed apparel, she confesses her love for metal band Poison. Andrew Pelletier, Walmart Canada’s head of public relations, guards her like a bear, fully aware that “someone like Shelley” is a precious commodity for the often maligned retailer. 
Broader isn’t just the cheerleader-in-chief, of course. She runs an $11-billion operation that represents 10% of the company’s sales outside the U.S. Canada is one of the prize markets in the Walmart empire, one that delivers outsize returns. Broader is a retail veteran, but this is by far her biggest assignment. Still, she knows from personal experience that Americans tend to underestimate the retail competition in Canada. “This is a very complex market,” she says. “That’s why foreign retailers come here and are often unsuccessful.” Target: you’ve been warned. 
Broader’s own career in retail started inauspiciously. In the early 1990s, in her 20s and bored with investment banking, she decided to make a jump to one of her supermarket clients. Every hire at Hannaford Bros., a grocery chain in the northeastern United States, has to start in a store, no matter their eventual position. She was working a cash register when she saw a familiar face before her she couldn’t quite place. “What are you doing here?” said the customer. “We signed a multimillion-dollar debt deal with you two weeks ago!” Fumbling for an answer, she simply said: “I changed careers.” 
Broader is telling this story from the podium at a Women in Influence luncheon last spring. For the umpteenth time during her ad-libbed speech, laughter ripples through the packed hall at the Metro Convention Centre in Toronto. Sporting a chic black suit and camera-ready makeup, she delivers a mix of personal history and leadership lessons, interspersed with genuinely funny, self-deprecating anecdotes. It’s easy to picture her as a TV host joshing with guests, a kind of Kelly Ripa. Her first job, in fact, after earning a journalism degree was at a small TV station. But she didn’t see it satisfying her ambition, “so I quit and went home to mom.” 
She got into investment banking by bluffing her way into a small Boston firm. (“Do you know what a bond yield curve is?” “Yes…” “Do you invest in the markets?” “Yes …” When she got the job, “Never in my life have I studied so hard!” she says laughing.) After a few years, she again saw limited room to rise, so she switched tracks. Retail stuck. Undaunted by bagging groceries and cleaning out grease traps in the meat room, she rose from a marketing executive to eventually become CEO of Sweetbay Supermarket, a troubled Florida chain owned by Hannaford’s parent company. Stephen Smith, a marketing executive Broader hired at Sweetbay who followed her to other companies, says the chain’s culture had been “quite abusive,” with a rapid succession of leaders and vicious cost cutting. “She was full of energy and very human,” he recalls. “She rebuilt the culture into one of optimism and respect for the individual, which is now the Walmart line.” During that time, she came to believe that a leader is always on stage. “Hugh Farrington takes two creams in his coffee” became a mantra, based on her close observation of Hannaford’s CEO, which she used to remind herself and others that staff and customers are constantly watching you. 
In 2008, she became president of North American crafts chain Michaels Stores, which gave her the first taste of the Canadian market. “I made my Canadian retail mistakes at another retailer,” she quipped during a Walmart press conference earlier this year. “One was underestimating the consumers’ price acumen. They’re loyal to their family, not to your brand.” Michaels wasn’t a happy time for Broader, reports a former colleague. In earlier positions, “she’d had fantastic bosses who had taken chances for her, moved her to important roles some thought she wasn’t ready for. At Michaels, she didn’t have that same kind of support system.” 
When Walmart beckoned, all she knew of the discount giant was that “they wear blue vests and cheer.” But her rise has been brisk. After working with the Sam’s Club division in the U.S., she moved to Canada as chief merchandise officer in late 2010. Though little known in the Canadian industry, her elevation to country CEO made sense because of her background: 17 years in supermarkets prepared her well to guide Walmart’s food expansion, as did her Sam’s experience with so-called combination stores that stock both food and general merchandise. “Obviously, she’s been tested,” says John Williams, head of retail consultancy J. C. Williams Group. Walmart “moves these people around, and she’s been groomed for this. And she has David Cheesewright not too far away,” he says, referring to Walmart Canada’s former CEO who, as head of a new regional group, is now Broader’s boss. 
Still, Williams adds that what really runs Walmart is the retailer’s deeply ingrained culture. “It’s very rigid and well defined,” he says. “You either fit in or you don’t very quickly.” It goes well beyond sales associate team-building gimmicks, to an earnest dedication to individual respect, family orientation and frugality. (Broader proudly reports that she sits at the beaten-up desk Walmart inherited from the former president of Woolco.) Whenever Williams visits a Walmart store, he says he makes a point of asking staff how they like working there—and is always told they love it. 
Broader’s personality and management style have been a snug fit with Walmart. She’s taken to writing a weekly blog largely taken up with personal observations and family anecdotes (to her spouse’s and two school-age kids’ consternation). “These guys feel like they know me and my family,” she says of the more than 90,000 people toiling for Walmart Canada. “My husband had pneumonia, and everyone was asking me how he was doing.” Employees (about 70% of whom are female) often ask her for advice. Her favourite blog post to date was a response to a recently engaged associate seeking marital tips. (Don’t expect your spouse to change after marriage, she offered—and quit dating!) 
Her informal camaraderie carries into the boardroom, but executives quickly learn it shouldn’t be mistaken for softness. “She puts people at ease, but proceed at your own caution,” warns former colleague Stephen Smith. “She’s tough. There were a few people in Florida that found their way out the door pretty quickly.” Broader has sharpened her judgment over the years, says Ron Hodge, her boss at Hannaford and a lifelong mentor. “Early in her career, some of her decision-making might have been more emotional than fact-based. After you’ve made some decisions that didn’t work out, based on your hat rather than your head, you learn.” One of those lessons was to surround herself with experts, and make sure they function—this is a favourite leadership analogy of Broader’s—like a cabinet rather than a house of representatives. “The marketing person isn’t there to represent the province of marketing. They’re there to help me run a multinational corporation.” 
Although Broader was appointed CEO of Walmart Canada a year ago, her real coming-out happened six months later, when she hosted the annual analyst meeting for Walmart International in early April. The division comprises the retailer’s 26 markets outside the U.S., and Canada’s selection as host this year was a no-brainer: no other market has as much in the works, or at stake. This was the first time the new Canadian chief faced a large contingent of media and industry observers, all curious how Walmart planned to repel inroads from its big American rival. 
Broader and Cheesewright faced their interlocutors on a fern-lined stage in a Toronto hotel: he with the trim, coiled look of a boxer; she radiating feminine glamour in a black suit, flashing leg. (Doug MacMillan, head of Walmart International, had to make an early exit when news of the bribery scandal in Mexico urgently demanded his presence.) Through the gruelling day of presentations and interviews, she seemed to lose her cool just once: when a TV interview experienced technical difficulties and had to be reshot, a touch of steel entered her face. “Let’s just do it,” she snapped. Over and over, she repeated the same messages: “Food is very close to my heart,” “Our job is to lower the cost of living for the Canadian consumer.” Not once did she utter the word “Target”—not even as a verb. 
But that chain’s presence was heavy in the room, and all the plans Walmart executives laid out resonated against the coming changes to the retail landscape. Ever since Target acquired most Zellers store leases last year in a $1.8-billion transaction, the industry has been preparing for upheaval. Starting in March, the company plans to open roughly 130 stores nationwide over two years. Combined with recent or upcoming arrivals from Nordstrom, Marshalls and several other American chains, the retail sector is set to become very crowded, especially at the discount end. 
After 18 years in this country, Walmart has the edge of knowing the consumer. Broader emphasizes that the Canadian discount shopper is a distinct species: multicultural, well educated and progressive. In fact, Walmart Canada shares less than a quarter of its merchandise with U.S. stores. Canadians also want to know they’re getting a bargain, which has forced Walmart to adapt its everyday-low-price strategy that eschews sales, with regular “rollback” promotions to draw in customers. Most important, says Broader, “the consumer doesn’t have a stigma about where she shops, which is very different than in the U.S. or Mexico.” CIBC’s Caicco points out that Walmart’s Canadian customers are “more aspirational and affluent” than in its home market. There, those adjectives would better describe Target’s customer. Which brings the question: Do these people shop at Walmart only because Target hasn’t been here to serve them? 
Walmart will be most vulnerable to Target in apparel, housewares and other “hardlines”—areas where Target’s more fashion-forward offerings and chic brand will appeal to the urban middle class. In that context, a push into food makes a sensible defensive tactic. It also offers the advantage of drawing new customers and driving regular visits. Fresh food is already available in more than half of Walmart’s 337 stores, and the company has nearly doubled its grocery market share over the past couple of years. While Target has teamed up with Sobeys to supply it with frozen, dairy and dry goods, that’s unlikely to threaten Walmart’s growing franchise. “We are really in our infancy in bringing fresh food to Canada,” says Broader. “I intend to put food into every store where it can fit and makes sense.” 
This, of course, is lousy news for supermarkets, whose profits are already being squeezed by price wars and flat sales. In the past two years, the grocery sector’s share of Canadian food purchases declined from 67% to 63%, mainly to the benefit of mass merchandisers—Walmart in particular. Ed Strapagiel, a retail consultant with KubasPrimedia, says this development shouldn’t have come as a surprise to supermarkets, as combination stores have been a distinct category in the U.S. for 20 years. The hardest-hit so far has been Loblaws, whose market share has been slipping, especially in produce and meat. 
Walmart’s massive Supercentres won’t be the only outlets selling food. Earlier this year, the company opened a prototype Urban90 store in suburban Toronto. The location takes half the space of its typical big box, yet features almost a full cross-section of a Supercentre’s food offerings. The company’s acquisition of 39 Zellers sites from Target last year gives it an opportunity to experiment with new formats. “Zellers is a card from every suit in the deck,” says Broader. “It allows us to test smaller boxes.” 
In designing Urban90 and the larger grocery push, Walmart Canada leaned on its U.K. sister, ASDA, which is primarily a grocer. Combined with its massive purchasing power, Walmart’s ability to rely on its experience in diverse international markets is something no other retailer can match. The result is a “mass customization” approach, exploiting the size and scale of being part of a massive multinational but tailoring the product to local customers. The “store of the community” concept, which will guide many of Walmart’s new and refurbished locations, is the same idea in microcosm. “Eighty percent of the stuff is the same, cookie-cutter, so 20% can be perfect for each market,” Broader explains. 
Back at the Brampton Supercentre, Broader shows off other changes in stock, ones that hint at an attempt to lure more up-market shoppers. In housewares, she oohs over the “can’t beat” price on a Sunbeam coffee maker, then aahs over an upscale Keurig Brewing System. “Walmart is increasingly about national brands,” she insists. “If you want to pay less for a Bosch, you should associate it with Walmart.” In cosmetics, the layout highlighting ritzy brands in glass cases mimics what you’d find in drug and department stores. Broader may never mention a competitor’s name, but the message is clear: you don’t need to go you-know-where to find the chic and the now. 
As the industry shakes out over the next three years, Broader’s success at beating back rivals will undoubtedly be closely watched by Walmart brass in Bentonville, Ark. Getting the top job in Canada was “huge,” says Smith, who today heads up marketing for ASDA. “There are two marquee markets for Walmart International: Canada and U.K.” Both divisions have strong growth and profitability. Mentioning David Cheesewright as a case in point, Smith adds that inside the company, “there are definite trajectories that look apparent to everybody. For Shelley, this steps her up nicely for a career in Walmart. If she wants it.” 














 shares
Share:


                Facebook            



                Email            



                Twitter            



                LinkedIn            









Advertisement
















Advertisement


        












Show comments
Hide comments 
		(4)
	




Comments are closed.










Shelley G Broader - Tampa, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Shelley G Broader in Tampa, FL


Shelley G Broader

                                                                                       Intelius found that Shelley G Broader  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Tampa, FL.  We have connected them to
                15 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Shelley G Broader is in her 50s

Shelley Has Lived In

Tampa, FL
Nashua, NH
Old Orchard Beach, ME

Shelley's Relatives

Brian Broader
Christine Broader







Shelley G Broader



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Wal-Mart Stores , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Shelley? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Shelley, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Shelley G Broader
Get a Criminal Check on Shelley G Broader
Get a Public Record Report on Shelley G Broader
Get a People Search Report on Shelley G Broader


Shelley G Broader's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Shelley G Broader has lived as well as Shelley G Broader's phone numbers and email addresses.




Shelley G Broader Has Lived in 7 States
Florida Address for Shelley G Broader


18134 L******** R** D* 

Tampa, FL


Has Lived In

Tampa, FL
Nashua, NH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Shelley G Broader

(479) ***-**** - Bentonville, AR 
(972) ***-**** - Irving, TX 
(479) ***-**** - Bentonville, AR 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Shelley G Broader

s******r@***.com
b*****r@***.com
s*************r@***.com


Get Email Report




Shelley G Broader's Professional Information
Information regarding Shelley G Broader's professional history.  Find out previous places Shelley G Broader has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Shelley G Broader Has Worked at 11 Places
Company: Wal-Mart Stores , Inc.
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Wal-Mart Stores , Inc.
               Title: Senior Vice President-south Division
Shelley G Broader's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Wal-Mart Stores , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 100,000 and above
Title: Senior Vice President-south Division
               Company: Wal-Mart Stores , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 100,000 and above
Additional Professional Information on Shelley G Broader

 See Shelley G Broader's LinkedIn Profile



Shelley G Broader's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Shelley G Broader


Shelley G Broader's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Shelley G Broader's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Shelley Broader
Username Matches

                  ShelleyBroader
                  BroaderShelley
                  Shelley.Broader
                  Broader.Shelley
                  Shelley_Broader
                  Broader_Shelley
                  Shelley-Broader
                  Broader-Shelley
                  SBroader
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Broader







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Shelley G. Broader - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Shelley G. Broader
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President at Chico's FAS, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Shelley G. Broader? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Shelley G. Broader's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Shelley G. Broader's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Shelley G. Broader's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Shelley G. Broader through your network of contacts.
												








Shelley G. Broader's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, 
Chico's FAS, Inc.


Board Member, 
Raymond James Financial, Inc.


Past
To view Shelley G. Broader's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
52

 
 


Shelley G. Broader's Biography



Skills and Qualifications:
 
.CEO and President of Chico's FAS, Inc.
.Former President and CEO of Walmart EMEA and Walmart Canada
.Former President and COO of The Michaels Companies, Inc.
.Former Senior Vice President of Sam's Club
.Formerly held leadership positions including operations, strategy, and marketing at Delhaize Group
. Global and Regional Retail Experience 

Current Directorships:
 
.   Chico's FAS, Inc.
.   Raymond James Financial, Inc.
 
Committee Assignment:
 
.   Executive Committee

 
Shelley G. Broader has been a director since December 2015 at which time she was also appointed Chief Executive Officer and ...
(Read More)

			Skills and Qualifications:
 
.CEO and President of Chico's FAS, Inc.
.Former President and CEO of Walmart EMEA and Walmart Canada
.Former President and COO of The Michaels Companies, Inc.
.Former Senior Vice President of Sam's Club
.Formerly held leadership positions including operations, strategy, and marketing at Delhaize Group
. Global and Regional Retail Experience 

Current Directorships:
 
.   Chico's FAS, Inc.
.   Raymond James Financial, Inc.
 
Committee Assignment:
 
.   Executive Committee

 
Shelley G. Broader has been a director since December 2015 at which time she was also appointed Chief Executive Officer and President. Ms. Broader joined the Company after having served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Walmart EMEA, a multinational retail corporation in the Europe, Middle East and Sub-Saharan Africa regions since 2014. She previously served Walmart Canada in various roles, including President and Chief Executive Officer 2011 to 2014 and Chief Merchandising Officer from 2010 to 2011. Ms Broader also served as Senior Vice President for Sam's Club in 2010. Prior to joining Walmart, Ms. Broader was President and Chief Operating Officer of The Michaels Companies, Inc., an arts and crafts retail chain, from 2008 to 2009. Previously, Ms. Broader enjoyed a 17-year career with Delhaize Group, a food supermarket retailer, where, under the Hannaford banner, she held a range of leadership roles across the Company's operations, merchandising, distribution, strategy and marketing divisions. Ms. Broader is also a member of the board of directors of Raymond James Financial, Inc, a financial services company.
		
Source: Chico's FAS, Inc. on 05/05/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Shelley G. Broader's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Shelley G. Broader. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Shelley G. Broader's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Shelley G. Broader's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Shelley G. Broader through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Shelley G. Broader


















Shelley G. Broader's Connections (163)





Sign up now to view Shelley G. Broader's 163 connections »









Steven S. Reinemund
Board Member, Marriott International, Inc.









Arne M. Sorenson
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Marriott International, Inc.









Charles M. Holley
Board Member, Amgen Inc.









James A. Quella
Board Member, The Michaels Companies, Inc.









Pamela J. Craig
Former Board Member, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.









David Cheesewright
Executive Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Walmart International, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.









Kristin L. Oliver
Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, Chico's FAS, Inc.









Neil M. Ashe
Executive Vice President; President and Chief Executive Officer, Global eCommerce, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.









H. Lee Scott
Former President and CEO, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.









Christopher J. Williams
Board Member, Caesars Entertainment Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















CHS Shelley G. Broader Insider Trades for Chico's Fas Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Chico's Fas Inc.

                  NYSE: CHS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Chico's Fas Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 4:57 p.m.


CHS

/quotes/zigman/128188/composite


$
8.95




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 85,322
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/128188/composite
Previous close

$
			9.04
		


$
				8.95
			
Change

-0.09
-1.00%





Day low
Day high
$8.87
$9.11










52 week low
52 week high

            $8.44
        

            $16.85
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Shelley G. Broader



Ms. Shelley G. Broader is President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at Chico's FAS, Inc. and Independent Non-Executive Director at Raymond James Financial, Inc. She is on the Board of Directors at Chico's FAS, Inc. and Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Ms. Broader was previously employed as Non-Executive Director by Massmart Holdings Ltd., President, Chief Executive Officer & EVP by Walmart EMEA Ltd., President & Chief Executive Officer by Wal-Mart Canada Corp., Senior Vice President by Sam's West, Inc., President & Chief Operating Officer by Michaels Stores, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer by Kash N' Karry Food Stores LLC, SVP-Business Strategy, Marketing & Communications by Hannaford Bros. Co. LLC, an Assistant Vice President by First Albany Corp., and a Trustee by Saint Leo University, Inc. She also served on the board at Wal-Mart de México SAB de CV and United Way of Tampa Bay.
She received her undergraduate degree from Washington State University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/01/2017
36,213


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $14.22 per share.


514,949


03/01/2017
40,559


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $14.22 per share.


576,749


03/01/2017
290,047


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/01/2017
228,560


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/01/2016
25,875


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $15.32 per share.


396,405


03/01/2016
258,970


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/01/2015
246,720


 
Award at $12.16 per share.


3,000,115





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Ms. Shelley G. Broader 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Todd E. Vogensen 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Ann Elizabeth Joyce 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Diane Marie Ellis 
President-Chico's Brand




Ms. Deborah L. Kerr 
Director




Mr. David M. Oliver 
Chief Accounting Officer & Group VP-Finance




Ms. Jennifer  Powers 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Kristin  Oliver 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Susan S. Lanigan 
Chief Legal Counsel & Executive Vice President




Mr. David F. Walker 
Chairman




Mr. John J. Mahoney 
Independent Director




Ms. Janice L. Fields 
Independent Director




Mr. Stephen E. Watson 
Independent Director




Ms. Andrea M. Weiss 
Independent Director




Ms. Bonnie R. Brooks 
Independent Director




Mr. William S. Simon 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:16 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,182.40 
3:03aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,436.13 
3:03aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.97
3:02aNestlé sales growth lags; profit rises on tax bump
2:59aRentokil profit soars on disposals; hikes dividend
2:56aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
2:56aBritish American Tobacco profit jumps on FX effect
2:55aGlencore ups guidance; copper production drops
2:48aAnglo American reinstates dividend as profit gains
2:48aShell's profit rises to $1.9 billion
2:42aSky profit up despite soccer broadcast cost rise
2:41aDiageo full-year earnings lifted by currency boost
2:40aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
2:28aTelefonica profit up 18% as its pares debt load
2:27aDanone profit bulks up on baby food growth
2:27aAstraZeneca swings to profit as revenue falls
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































	Chico's FAS, Inc. - About Us - Management





































NYSE: CHS

Price:
$8.95


Change: 
-0.09

(-1%)


Volume: 
2,069,389


20 min delay
07/26/1704:03 PM

















Home>About Us>Management









Management




Shelley G.  Broader
,


,

, President and Chief Executive Officer




Shelley G. Broader was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Chico’s FAS, Inc. in 2015. She also serves on the Company’s Board of Directors. She is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart’s EMEA region, where she was responsible for retail operations and business development across Europe, the Middle East, Sub-Saharan Africa and Canada. Previously, she served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart Canada.
In 2015, Ms. Broader was named to Fortune’s Most Powerful Women International list. Ms. Broader was appointed to President Obama’s Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa in 2014, where she chaired the Supply Chain committee.
Prior to joining Walmart in 2010, Ms. Broader was President and Chief Operating Officer of Michaels, the world’s largest retailer of arts and crafts. Ms. Broader spent seventeen years with the Delhaize Group, where she held a range of leadership roles within the merchandising, distribution, strategy and marketing divisions of Hannaford Brothers and later served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Kash n’ Karry chain and President and Chief Executive Officer of Sweetbay Supermarket.
Ms. Broader began her career in the investment banking sector, holding roles at Massachusetts Financial Services Company and First Albany Corporation. 
Ms. Broader is a member of the Board of Directors of Raymond James Financial, Inc. and Moffitt Cancer Center’s National Board of Advisors. She also serves on the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of the Florida Council of 100 as well as the Board of Directors of RILA, the Retail Industry Leaders Association. She is a graduate of Washington State University. Ms. Broader is married to her husband, Brian, and is the proud mother of two-teenaged children.







Diane M. Ellis
,


,

, Brand President – Chico’s




Diane M. Ellis is Brand President – Chico’s, having joined the Company in November 2016. Ms. Ellis has over 35 years of retail experience.  Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Ellis was the Chief Executive Officer of The Limited Stores.  During her three year tenure, she developed an innovative strategy, driving the company’s growth and business transformation. Prior to The Limited, Ms. Ellis was President and Chief Operating Officer of Brooks Brothers, where she led stores, ecommerce, operations, sourcing, product development, finance, supply chain, planning and international.
Prior to Brooks Brothers, Ms. Ellis was the founding partner of Lighthouse Retail Group, Managing Director for the Retail Strategy Practice at PricewaterhouseCoopers, and Director of Merchandise Planning, Allocation and Inventory Control at Filene’s. Ms. Ellis also served in merchandising, planning, strategy and store management roles at Joseph Horne’s department stores and at Marshalls, where she launched the petite and swimwear businesses.
Ms. Ellis currently serves on the board of Stage Stores, Inc., a specialty department store.






Donna M. Colaco
,


,

, Brand President - White House Black Market




Donna M. Colaco is Brand President - White House Black Market for the Company, having joined the Company in August 2007. Ms. Colaco has over 25 years of experience in women’s specialty apparel.
Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Colaco worked for Ann Taylor Corporation for more than 10 years in numerous capacities including, most recently serving as President of Ann Taylor LOFT.
Prior to Ann Taylor, Ms. Colaco worked for the Lerner New York Division of Limited, Inc. and Petrie Stores Corporation.






Lori J. Shaffer
,


,

, Senior Vice President Outlets and Corporate Store Operations





Lori J. Shaffer is Senior Vice President Outlets and Corporate Store Operations.  She joined Chico's FAS in 1998 as a buyer and has held numerous leadership roles of increasing responsibility since, including Director of Merchandising, Vice President Controller, and most recently, Senior Vice President Merchandise Operations and Outlets.  In 2016 she was promoted to her current role of Senior Vice President Outlets and Corporate Store Operations, after leading the growth of Chico’s outlet business.  Ms. Shaffer took responsibility for 37 Chico’s outlets in 2008 and opened over 80 stores through 2016.  She is credited with converting the channel from a clearance concept to a successful made-for-outlet concept.


Lori began her retail career as an executive trainee at JC Penney, Inc.  During her nineteen years there she held a variety of leadership positions, including areas of responsibility in merchandising, planning, purchasing, stores, and human resources. 







Todd E. Vogensen
,


,

, Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Corporate Secretary




Todd E. Vogensen is Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer, having joined the company in October 2009.  Mr. Vogensen has served Chico's FAS, Inc. in numerous roles over the last 5 years, leading to his current position as CFO.  Mr. Vogensen joined Chico's FAS, Inc. initially as Vice President of Planning and Strategy, followed by the role of Vice President of Investor Relations before his promotion to Executive Vice President, Finance. Previously, Mr. Vogensen held multiple positions of increasing scope and responsibility with Michaels Stores, Inc. from January 2005 to October 2009, including Corporate Controller and Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing Finance.  Before joining Michaels, Mr. Vogensen served as Assistant Corporate Controller of Gap, Inc. from 2003 to 2005.  Mr. Vogensen has also held multiple Finance management positions at Hewlett Packard Company, and he practiced as an Audit Manager and CPA with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 






Susan S.  Lanigan
,


,

, Executive Vice President – Chief Legal Counsel




Susan S. Lanigan is Executive Vice President - Chief Legal Counsel, having joined the Company in June 2016. Previously, Ms. Lanigan served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel of Dollar General Corporation, a Fortune 200 company, and at the time, the largest discount retailer in the United States by number of stores. Ms. Lanigan joined Dollar General in 2002 as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, and in 2005, 
was promoted to Executive Vice President, General Counsel. She retired from Dollar General in 2013.
Prior to joining Dollar General, Ms. Lanigan served as Senior Vice President, General 
Counsel and Secretary at Zale Corporation, a specialty retailer of fine jewelry. Prior to her
time at Zale, Ms. Lanigan held legal positions with Turner Broadcasting, a media conglomerate and division of Time Warner, and the law firm of Troutman Sanders LLP.
Ms. Lanigan currently serves as Chair of the Tennessee Education Lottery Commission, a
position to which she was appointed by the Governor of the State of Tennessee. Additionally, Ms. Lanigan serves on the Board of Kirkland’s, a specialty retailer of home décor and gifts.






Kristin L.  Oliver  
,


,

, Executive Vice President – Chief Human Resources Officer




Kristin L. Oliver is Executive Vice President - Chief Human Resources Officer, having joined the Company in May 2016. Prior to joining the company, Ms. Oliver held the role of Executive Vice President of People for Walmart U.S., supporting 1.4 million associates in functions such as merchandising, marketing, financial services, and field human resources. 
Kristin previously served as Senior Vice President of People for Walmart U.S., Senior Vice President of People for Walmart International, and Vice President and Division General Counsel, Employment Practices.
Before joining Walmart in 2004, Kristin was a partner at the law firm of Gable & Gotwals in Tulsa, Oklahoma, where her practice focused on commercial litigation and employment law. She earned a bachelor’s degree in English from Oklahoma State University and a juris doctorate degree from Harvard University.
Kristin is a member of the Oklahoma Bar Association and has been involved in a variety of women’s initiatives, including Walmart’s President’s Global Council of Women Leaders. In 2011, she was named to Diversity MBA Magazine’s “Top 100 Under 50” list.






Ann E. Joyce
,


,

, Executive Vice President – Chief Information Officer




A​nn E. Joyce is Executive Vice President - Chief Information Officer, having joined the Company in November 2015.  Ms. Joyce has 30 years of information technology experience supporting the apparel industry, including retail, wholesale, licensing, manufacturing, and international environments.
 
Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Joyce served as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer at Aeropostale, Inc. for 12 years.  During her tenure, Aeropostale was recognized as a Top Innovator by Apparel Magazine and helped lead the industry in mobile payments.  Prior to Aeropostale, Ms. Joyce held ​various positions including ​the position of Vice President of Global Applications at Polo Ralph Lauren from 1996 until 2002. 

Ms. Joyce has also held positions of increasing scope and responsibility at Leslie Faye, and Garan, Inc. since starting her career.






John R. Lund
,


,

, Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Operations




John R. Lund is Senior Vice President, Supply Chain and Operations, having joined the Company in November 2016. Most recently, he was the founder and principal at Lund Simon Consulting, specializing in helping organizations to master the complexities of supply chain operations while driving profitable growth. 
Prior to founding Lund Simon Consulting, Dr. Lund held various leadership roles with increasing responsibility at The Walt Disney Company, including SVP, Integrated Supply Chain Management from 2013 to 2016, and SVP Disney Parks Supply Chain Management from 2006 to 2013, after having joined Disneyland Paris in 1992 as Manager, Transportation, Telecommunication & General Services.
Prior to his career at Disney, Dr. Lund worked at RAND, an internationally renowned non-profit research center for public policy.  During his career at RAND from 1984 to 1992, he advised the US government on national security strategy, political-economic affairs, and military planning.  While at RAND, he authored or co-authored numerous books and reports.
Dr. Lund holds a doctorate in policy analysis from Pardee RAND Graduate School, an MA in international affairs from Columbia University, and a BA in international relations and economics from St. Joseph’s University. 







David M. Oliver
,


,

, Group Vice President Finance - Controller and Chief Accounting Officer




David M. Oliver is Group Vice President Finance – Controller, Chief Accounting Officer for the Company, having joined the Company in March 2012.Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Oliver held various finance roles with SUPERVALU Inc. from April 2004 through March 2012, including Chief Financial Officer - Supply Chain Services, Vice President Corporate Controller and Vice President, Investor Relations. Prior to joining SUPERVALU Inc., Mr. Oliver was Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Arden Group, Inc. Mr. Oliver is a Certified Public Accountant.




























Our Company Privacy & Security
|
Site Map








Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5

















Shelley G. Broader | Woman To Watch - Dallas Business Journal




























































 




























Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases





Subscribers



Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Start a Subscription




Sign up for Newsletters






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Build Your Own Lists




Submit Your Company to Be on a List






Awards



Women in Business




Best Places to Work




40 Under 40




Minority Business Leader Awards




Nominate for an Award





 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations




Add Your Event




Event Photos






Signature Events



Women in Business




Best Places to Work




40 Under 40




Bizwomen Mentoring Monday





 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job in Dallas




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









Sales Leads
Public records information to build your business




How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Home of the Day
Premium real estate listings in Dallas




Bizspace
Best office spaces available in Dallas




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners







Techflash Newsletter




Energy Inc. Newsletter




 


Subscribers 








Start a Subscription




Subscriber-Only Content




Digital Edition




Access the Book of Lists




Purchase the Book of Lists




Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About Us




About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Contact Us




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters




Mobile Apps




Syndication/RSS






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +












    Please Sign In and use this article's on page print button to print this article.







 












            Women in Business Awards        


Shelley G. Broader | Woman To Watch

President & Chief Operating Officer, Michaels Stores Inc.




Jul 19, 2009, 11:00pm CDT



Updated Jul 16, 2009, 7:04pm CDT











Casey Smith


Staff writer









Casey Smith


 


 







                    Share
                


























 Order Reprints


 Save Article




 Print





 










 



 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Twitter




 Save Article





More 






 Email




 Facebook




 LinkedIn




 Twitter




 Save Article

















 









Casey Smith


Staff writer



 


 















 Enlarge





                Broader            






REVENUE: $3.8 billion (2008) | EMPLOYEES: 38,384 | ADDRESS: 800 Bent Branch Drive, Irving 75063 | PHONE: 972-409-1975 | WEB: www.michaels.com












 Enlarge





                Broader            






 


FIRST JOB: I was a cashier at a gift shop and drug store in Spokane, Washington.
WHY RETAIL: Going into my current line of work was an evolution not a decision. I was in finance and I had retail customers. One retail opportunity led to another and now, here I am!
JOB LIKES-DISLIKES: Best, without a doubt it is the associates. Michaels has a wonderful, creative workbook. The associates in the field and at corporate are committed to making Michaels “Where Creativity Happens.” Least, what’s there not to love? Come on people, it’s Michaels!
KEY TO SUCCESS: The key to success is leveraging the talent of those around you. Bringing together a world class team and developing them and trying to be a fully integrated person. I want to leverage and improve as a leader, merchant, mother, spouse and friend. I try and bring my whole self to work.
DEFINING MOMENT: I can’t boil it down to a single moment. There have definitely been stepping stone moments throughout my life that have lead me to where I am. There have also been mentoring moments with great coaches. The opening of the first store ever for a brand new company was very satisfying.
GREATEST CHALLENGE: Like most people, life is full of professional and personal challenges. You need to make a decision you are going to come out on the other side a stronger and wiser person and then plan accordingly.
PROUDEST ACHIEVEMENT: I am most proud of the success of the people I have mentored. Watching them develop within companies and become great community leaders.
ULTIMATE CAREER GOAL: My goal is to continue to learn, grow as a leader and as a business professional.
BUSINESS MOTTO: My personal business motto is “Lead with yourself.”
MENTORS: My greatest mentor is my mother. She is an amazing woman. Her quiet strength and determination are an inspiration to me. She instilled great values and a sense of responsibility in my brothers and sister and me. She is very open minded and current in her way of thinking and in her view of the world.

RATING THE MARKET: I am new to the Dallas-Fort Worth area. I have found it to be a welcoming atmosphere loaded with top notch executives.
INDUSTRY OUTLOOK: The craft and hobby industry has faired quite well during this economic down turn. We certainly have not come out unscathed but we also haven’t suffered as badly as other retail channels. Many consumers are turning to home made and staying in with their families and doing projects together.
BEST ADVICE: Be Yourself. Leverage your strengths but be aware of your weaknesses. You are ultimately in charge of your own development. Don’t wait for the official process.
GIVING BACK: I am most rewarded by helping a cause in which I am personally connected. I have led the effort to merge two AIDS Service Organizations and chaired the “Go Red for Women” campaign while living in Tampa Bay.
AFTER HOURS: I love to spend time with my husband, Brian and my two children, Madison and Clay.
FAVORITE BOOK: I enjoy all books and I have very eclectic taste in books. I can move from a business history book like Giants of Enterprise to trying to out pace my daughter through the Twilight series.
ON THE WEB: I don’t Twitter, but I am a chronic texter! I watch the market through CNBC and hit the news through the usual suspects.
PROFILE
To mirror the passion of Michaels’ customers, President and Chief Operating Officer Shelley Broader encourages creativity on the corporate side.
This includes each department decorating its own space. Now company headquarters’ walls are covered with murals of eagles, ships and houses. There are also a few chandeliers.




 


“It’s been really fun. That’s really the essence of our brand — it’s fun, it’s creative, it’s lively,” Broader says. “It’s passionate, so you can’t have a regular-looking corporate office if you want to inspire those thoughts in your customers.”
Broader, who joined the company in June 2008, comes to Michaels Stores Inc. during its reinvention. To achieve the goal of making the brand customer-centric, stores are being reorganized to be more accommodating and inspiring. The children’s area now includes educational activities in addition to art. Displays that group all related materials together also include craft ideas. This contrasts with stores’ previous organization when customers had to search various sections to find all the supplies they needed.
Brian C. Cornell, Michaels’ former chief executive and current president and chief executive of Sam’s Club, recruited Broader. Cornell sees Broader as a “key catalyst” in transforming Michaels to be more focused on the customer.
“She’s a very energetic, dynamic candid business leader who can manage teams, who can strategically identify the key areas of focus for an organization and who can get things done and done in the right way,” Cornell says.
Besides Michaels’ status as a household brand, Broader says the opportunity to learn a new class of retail led her to move to Texas from Tampa, Fla., where she was president and chief executive of the Sweetbay Supermarket chain for 17 years. Because she believes it is important to experiment with the products she sells, in the past year she’s become a “fledgling crafter.”
Inspired by the jewelry her associates and customers make, some of which Broader says “will rival a boutique,” she recently made a pair of turquoise bead and silver-wire earrings.
“I think I got the bug, now I have to go buy a bunch of equipment,” Broader says.
Her children are also becoming crafters. Recently the family volunteered to create centerpieces for the auction at 10-year-old Madison and 8-year-old Clay’s school. To fit “The Louvre” theme they created 35 Eiffel Towers, each 2 1/2 feet tall and spray painted gold with feathers on top.
“When the people from the school came to pick them up, they asked ‘Where did you get these?’ as me and my husband were standing there with Band-Aids on our fingers,” Broader says. “We were like, ‘We made them!’”
It seems Broader’s family is not the only one doing crafts together. Despite the down economy, business at Michaels is good.
“There are certain segments of retail that can, not only survive, but thrive in a downturn economy,” Broader says.
She attributes this to the recession encouraging people to return to their roots.
“People are sort of reconnecting with home right now and simplifying what they’ve done in the past,” Broader says, “so the products we sell and services we provide fit nicely with that.”







 





 















































 

















Shelley G. Broader , Chico's FAS, Inc. - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Shelley G. Broader  
President and Chief Executive OfficerChico's FAS, Inc.
Telephone, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 4

Career History includes:
Member,  United States Department of Commerce, President's Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa~International Trade Administration , (2014-2016) 
(11 additional careers available)
Networking Information:
(1 additional affiliated positions)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership Networks® The Leadership Library® Leadership® Nonprofits Premium Leadership® Companies Premium


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            








Insider Trading - Broader Shelley G. - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Broader Shelley G.





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-01Tax Withholding
2016-12-055:13 pm
N/AN/A
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Broader Shelley G.President and CEODirector
25,875
$15.32
479,815(Direct)
View


2016-03-01Option Award
2016-03-035:46 pm
N/AN/A
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Broader Shelley G.President and CEODirector
258,970
$0
505,690(Direct)
View


2016-02-24Exercise
2016-02-2607:59 am
N/AN/A
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
400
$0
13,008(Direct)
View


2016-02-24Exercise
2016-02-2607:59 am
N/AN/A
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
400
$0
13,008(Direct)
View


2016-02-24Exercise
2016-02-2607:59 am
N/A2017-02-24
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
400
$0
13,008(Direct)
View


2016-02-24Exercise
2016-02-2607:59 am
N/A2016-02-25
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
400
$0
13,008(Direct)
View


2016-02-19Exercise
2016-02-2309:15 am
N/AN/A
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
2,208
$0
12,208(Direct)
View


2016-02-19Exercise
2016-02-2309:15 am
N/AN/A
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
1,200
$0
12,208(Direct)
View


2016-02-19Option Award
2016-02-2309:15 am
N/AN/A
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
2,849
$0
12,208(Direct)
View


2016-02-19Exercise
2016-02-2309:15 am
2016-02-212016-02-21
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
2,208
$0
12,208(Direct)
View


2016-02-19Exercise
2016-02-2309:15 am
N/A2018-02-22
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
1,200
$0
12,208(Direct)
View


2015-12-01Option Award
2015-12-035:19 pm
N/AN/A
Chicos Fas Inc
CHS
Broader Shelley G.President and CEODirector
246,720
$12.16
246,720(Direct)
View


2015-02-25Exercise
2015-02-263:46 pm
N/AN/A
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
400
$0
8,800(Direct)
View


2015-02-25Exercise
2015-02-263:46 pm
N/A2016-02-25
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
400
$0
8,800(Direct)
View


2015-02-21Exercise
2015-02-2508:24 am
N/AN/A
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
1,200
$0
8,400(Direct)
View


2015-02-21Option Award
2015-02-2508:24 am
2016-02-212016-02-21
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
2,208
$0
8,400(Direct)
View


2015-02-21Exercise
2015-02-2508:24 am
N/A2017-02-24
Raymond James Financial Inc
RJF
Broader Shelley G.Director
1,200
$0
8,400(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Thu, 27 Jul 2017 02:16:07 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








