 



Mechanical Technology Announces Enhanced Growth Strategy | Business Wire
























































Mechanical Technology Announces Enhanced Growth Strategy




Following investment by Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC 
      (Brookstone), MTI expands growth strategy






November 28, 2016 08:55 AM Eastern Standard Time



ALBANY, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (MTI or the Company) (OTCQB:MKTY), a 
      company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc., in the 
      design, manufacture and sale of precision test and measurement sensors, 
      instruments and systems that provide solutions for linear displacement, 
      vibration measurement and system balancing and tensile measurements in 
      markets that require the exacting measurement and control of products 
      and processes for automated manufacturing, assembly, and consistent 
      operation of complex machinery, announces an enhanced growth strategy.
    


      Kevin G. Lynch, CEO of MTI, stated previously that through the 
      investment on October 21, 2016 by Brookstone, “we are extremely excited 
      about the future of MTI with the addition of new capital and our 
      association with Brookstone. The additional capital will enable us to 
      look to expand our growth strategy beyond our current organic growth 
      model.
    

      “Now that Brookstone and the Company have been working together, we have 
      put a framework on our acquisition based growth strategy to further 
      utilize the significant net operating losses held by MTI. We are 
      targeting for acquisition companies with the following key 
      characteristics:
    


        $10 million to $30 million in annual revenues.
      

        $2 million to $10 million in earnings before interest, taxes, 
        depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”).
      

        Manufactures precision test and measurement sensors, instruments and 
        systems used in automated manufacturing and assembly and consistent 
        operation of complex machinery.
      

        Focus on aerospace, semiconductor, electronics, automotive and/or 
        general industrial sectors.
      


      Activities in this regard are already underway and we look forward to 
      seeing the results from the implementation of this strategy having a 
      positive impact on our business capabilities and earnings capacity.”
    

      About MTI
    

      MTI is engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of test and 
      measurement instruments and systems through its subsidiary MTI 
      Instruments, Inc. MTI Instrument's products use a comprehensive array of 
      technologies to solve complex, real world applications in numerous 
      industries including manufacturing, electronics, semiconductor, solar, 
      commercial and military aviation, automotive and data storage. For more 
      information about the Company, please visit www.mechtech.com.
    

The statement in this press release that is not historical fact, in 
      particular, expected “positive impact on our business capabilities and 
      earnings capacity” from acquisition activities already underway, constitutes 
      a forward-looking statement within the meaning of federal securities 
      laws. Such forward-looking statement is made as of today, and MTI 
      disclaims any duty to update such statement. It is important to note 
      that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those 
      projected in forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause the 
      anticipated results discussed herein not to occur include: the failure 
      of the Company to locate viable potential acquisitions that are 
      beneficial to the Company; that the uncertainty of the global economy 
      may affect demand for our products, those of potential acquisition 
      targets, our attractiveness as an acquirer or the market for mergers and 
      acquisitions in general; our inability to build and maintain 
      relationships with our customers; and the other risk factors listed from 
      time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, our annual report on 
      Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our quarterly 
      reports on Form 10-Q.





Contacts

      MTILisa Brennan, 518-218-2500lbrennan@mtiinstruments.com




















Contacts

      MTILisa Brennan, 518-218-2500lbrennan@mtiinstruments.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Mechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment from Brookstone Partners to Support Future GrowthHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 5 hrs 40 minsS&P 5002,477.83+0.70 (+0.03%)Dow 3021,711.01+97.58 (+0.45%)Nasdaq6,422.75+10.57 (+0.16%)LISTENTop economists debate state of labor marketYahoo Finance's Nicole Sinclair moderates a panel of leading economists at the State of the Labor Market SummitMechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment from Brookstone Partners to Support Future GrowthBusiness WireOctober 24, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareALBANY, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (MTI or the Company), (MKTY), a company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc., in the design, manufacture and sale of precision test and measurement sensors, instruments and systems that provide solutions for linear displacement, vibration measurement and system balancing and tensile measurements in markets that require the exacting measurement and control of products and processes for automated manufacturing, assembly and consistent operation of complex machinery, announces the investment of $2.74 million for future growth initiatives.Brookstone Partners (www.brookstonepartners.com), a private equity firm in New York City, has, through Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC (Brookstone), acquired 3.75 million newly issued shares of common stock of MTI for $2.74 million. Following this investment, MTI intends to continue to focus on the current growth strategy in the analytical measurement market with sensors, instruments and systems. This new investment has allowed MTI’s balance sheet to improve and provides MTI with additional capital for, among other things, key strategic activities. We believe that, in turn, this will facilitate an accelerated use of the approximate $51.0 million in unused Federal net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) incurred by MTI during the microfuel cell development period to offset future taxable income.Concurrent with the investment, the membership of the Board of the Company has changed. In accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement between MTI and Brookstone pursuant to which MTI sold the shares of common stock to Brookstone, Dr. Walter L. Robb and Mr. Dennis O’Connor have resigned from the Board, and the Board appointed Mr. Matthew Lipman and Mr. Michael Toporek of Brookstone and Mr. Ted Hirshfield of Steppingstone Group as new members of the Board.“We are extremely excited about the future of MTI with the addition of new capital and our association with Brookstone,” stated Kevin G. Lynch, CEO of MTI. “Now that we have stabilized the base business, after a difficult year in 2015, the additional capital will enable us to look to expand our growth strategy beyond our current organic growth model. With Brookstone at our side, we expect to generate and execute on new strategic activities including potential acquisitions. This will also strengthen our ability to deliver on our stated goal in achieving shareholder value in conjunction with our recently announced Shareholders’ Rights Plan to protect and ultimately utilize the approximate $51.0 million in NOLs that were generated in the past.”“On behalf of all shareholders and members of the Board, we want to thank both Dr. Robb and Mr. O’Connor for their dedicated service to the Board and for their guidance and unwavering commitment to MTI for more than 20 years.”About MTIMTI is engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of test and measurement instruments and systems through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc. MTI Instrument's products use a comprehensive array of technologies to solve complex, real world applications in numerous industries including manufacturing, electronics, semiconductor, solar, commercial and military aviation, automotive and data storage. For more information about the Company, please visit www.mechtech.com.Statements in this press release that is not historical fact, in particular, “MTI intends to continue to focus on the current growth strategy in the analytical measurement market with sensors, instruments and systems,” that the new investment will, in turn, “facilitate accelerated use of the … Federal net operating losses” and “we expect to generate and execute on new strategic activities including potential acquisitions” constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. All forward-looking statements are made as of today, and MTI disclaims any duty to update such statements. It is important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause the anticipated results not to occur include: the failure of the Company to locate viable strategic activities including potential acquisitions that are beneficial to the Company; that the uncertainty of the global economy may affect demand for our products; variability of customer requirements resulting in cancellations, reductions, or delays; our inability to build and maintain relationships with our customers; and the other risk factors listed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161024005111/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextFJ Company's FJ40 is the Toyota Land Cruiser you really wantAutoblogEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredWill Cabot (COG) Disappoint Investors this Earnings Season?ZacksTop 5 Companies Owned by FordInvestopediaNvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Isn’t as Attractive as the CompanyInvestorPlaceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWednesday Apple Rumors: iPhone 8 Enters Trial ProductionInvestorPlaceKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceThe New Reason Why No Studio Will Cast Jim AnymoreKiwi ReportSponsoredAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoAmazon earnings — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderProtests erupt nationwide following Trump's transgender military ban announcementSergeant Bill: Here we go again. Taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for a sex change for a military member and that's WHY this is happening-so they don't have to! WOW!Join the Conversation1 / 5455



















 






Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC  - Current Holdings - Fintel.io

































Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC 







Current Holdings (from 13F, 13D)


InvestorBrookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC 
Current Positions1


Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC  has disclosed 1 total holdings in their latest SEC filings.
        
        
            
                This investor has not filed a 13F, which indicates it has under $100M in Assets Under Management (AUM).
            
        
        
            This investor has filed 1 activist 13D filings recently, which suggests it
            takes an active role in influencing management.

        
        
        
        
            Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC 's top industries are
            
                "Measuring, Analyzing, And Controlling Instruments; Photographic, Medical And Optical Goods; Watches And Clocks" (sic 38)
                
                
            .
        
    

Overview
SEC Filings
13D/13G
Predictive Value









All Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC  holdings are listed in the following table.
                This data is sourced from 13D/13G, and 13F filings. Green rows indicate new positions. Red rows indicate closed positions.



Add This Fundto your dashboard



This is a list of 13D and 13G filings made since the last quarterly 13F report (if any).



File DateFormSecurity

PrevShares
CurrentShares
Change(Percent)
Prev Value(x$1000)
Current Value(x$1000)
Change(Percent)




2016‑10‑27
SC 13D
MKTY / Mechanical Technology, Inc.

*

3,750,000
















Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!
















Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership

































Brookstone Partners Acquisition XVI, LLC v. Tanus, C.A. No. 7533-VCN (Del. Ch. Aug. 22, 2012) (Noble, V.C.): Delaware Law Firm















Menu




Careers















Search







About

Your Delaware Advantage

Partnering & Co-Counsel Resources

Technology & eDiscovery

Client Matters

Delaware Lawyers Since 1826

Community Service

Diversity



Attorneys

Practice Areas

Corporate Counseling

Alternative Entities and Structured Finance

Banking & Finance

Corporate Counseling & Governance

Cybersecurity, Data Privacy and Information Governance

Mergers, Acquisitions & Divestitures

Real Estate



Corporate Litigation

Corporate Law



Commercial Litigation

Alternative Dispute Resolution

Business & Commercial Litigation

Construction

Insurance Recovery Litigation & Advice

Products Liability & Personal Injury

Public Utility Regulation & Litigation



Health Care & Employment

Employee Benefits & Executive Compensation

Employment & Labor Counseling

Employment Litigation

Health Care



Intellectual Property

Intellectual Property Litigation

Intellectual Property Patent Procurement & Trademarks



Restructuring, Bankruptcy & Creditors' Rights



Delaware Law Updates

News & Publications

News

Publications

Events



Contact

Wilmington

Dover





Delaware Law Updates



PDF




Brookstone Partners Acquisition XVI, LLC v. Tanus, C.A. No. 7533-VCN (Del. Ch. Aug. 22, 2012) (Noble, V.C.)
August 22, 2012In this letter opinion, the Delaware Court of Chancery denied plaintiff Brookstone Partners Acquisition XVI, LLC’s (“Brookstone”) motion to expedite, finding that Brookstone unreasonably delayed in seeking expedition of its claims brought against Abraham Tanus.  Brookstone is a member of Woodcrafters Home Products Holdings, LLC (the “Company”), a Delaware limited liability company governed by a board of managers.  Tanus is alleged to have been a manager of the Company at all relevant times.  Tanus is also the Chief Executive Officer of Woodcrafters Home Products, LLC (“WHP”), which is fully-owned by the Company.                On May 1, 2012, Tanus initiated suit against Brookstone and other parties in the District Court of the 139th Judicial District of Hidalgo County, Texas (the “Texas Action”). Tanus seeks a declaratory judgment in the Texas Action that he did not breach his employment agreement or Woodcrafters’ Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (the “LLC Agreement”) in connection with the acquisition of Design Imaging, LLC (“Design Imaging”), by an affiliate of Tanus, TruStone Products LLC (“TruStone”).  Design Imaging is one of the Company’s most important suppliers and their business relationship is governed by a licensing agreement (the “Licensing Agreement”) set to expire by its own terms on October 15, 2012.                  On May 15, 2012, Brookstone brought suit in the Delaware Court of Chancery, alleging that Tanus’ involvement in the Design Imaging transaction was a breach of his employment agreement, the LLC Agreement, and his fiduciary duties (the “Delaware Action”).  The Delaware Action is founded on Brookstone’s allegation that Tanus is causing Design Imaging to refuse to extend the Licensing Agreement in order to devalue the Company.  Brookstone has an option to sell the Company to a third party after February 2013, but such option is subject to a right of first refusal held by companies allegedly controlled by Tanus.  Accordingly, Brookstone contends that Tanus’ efforts to devalue the Company will similarly devalue Brookstone’s option to sell the Company while permitting entities controlled by Tanus to exercise their right of first refusal at an artificially deflated price.  Brookstone did not seek expedition at the time of filing its complaint in the Delaware Action.                On July 25, 2012, Brookstone and Tanus, along with the other parties to the Texas Action, participated in a teleconference with the Texas Court for the purpose of scheduling a trial date.  The Texas Court originally offered a trial date in February 2013.  However, after one of Brookstone’s attorneys requested that the trial be pushed back to June 2013, the parties ultimately agreed on an April 2013 trial date.  On August 3, 2012, Brookstone moved to expedite the Delaware Action.                Notably, in considering Brookstone’s motion to expedite, the Chancery Court found that Brookstone was substantially aware that it was dealing with a finite amount of time at the initiation of the Delaware Action given that the Licensing Agreement is set to expire on its own terms on October 15, 2012.  For this reason the Chancery Court found Brookstone’s delay prejudicial.
In denying Brookstone’s motion to expedite the Chancery Court acknowledged the result may have been different if Brookstone had moved for expedition at the initiation of the Delaware Action of shortly thereafter.  Indeed, the Chancery Court reiterated that parties seeking expedition should do so with all alacrity.
The full opinion is available here Click to Open








							Wilmington
Hercules Plaza
1313 North Market Street, 6th Floor
P.O. Box 951
Wilmington, Delaware 19801
PHONE: 302.984.6000FAX: 302.658.1192


© 2017 Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Site Map
Site by Firmseek


















Mechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment From Brookstone Partners To Support Future Growth - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Mechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment From Brookstone Partners To Support Future Growth






Business Wire




Oct 24, 2016 8:15 AM EDT













 




























































  Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (MTI or the Company), (OTCQB: MKTY), a company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc., in the design, manufacture and sale of precision test and measurement sensors, instruments and systems that provide solutions for linear displacement, vibration measurement and system balancing and tensile measurements in markets that require the exacting measurement and control of products and processes for automated manufacturing, assembly and consistent operation of complex machinery, announces the investment of $2.74 million for future growth initiatives.  Brookstone Partners ( www.brookstonepartners.com), a private equity firm in New York City, has, through Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC (Brookstone), acquired 3.75 million newly issued shares of common stock of MTI for $2.74 million. Following this investment, MTI intends to continue to focus on the current growth strategy in the analytical measurement market with sensors, instruments and systems. This new investment has allowed MTI's balance sheet to improve and provides MTI with additional capital for, among other things, key strategic activities. We believe that, in turn, this will facilitate an accelerated use of the approximate $51.0 million in unused Federal net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) incurred by MTI during the microfuel cell development period to offset future taxable income.  Concurrent with the investment, the membership of the Board of the Company has changed. In accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement between MTI and Brookstone pursuant to which MTI sold the shares of common stock to Brookstone, Dr. Walter L. Robb and Mr. Dennis O'Connor have resigned from the Board, and the Board appointed Mr. Matthew Lipman and Mr. Michael Toporek of Brookstone and Mr. Ted Hirshfield of Steppingstone Group as new members of the Board.  "We are extremely excited about the future of MTI with the addition of new capital and our association with Brookstone," stated Kevin G. Lynch, CEO of MTI. "Now that we have stabilized the base business, after a difficult year in 2015, the additional capital will enable us to look to expand our growth strategy beyond our current organic growth model. With Brookstone at our side, we expect to generate and execute on new strategic activities including potential acquisitions. This will also strengthen our ability to deliver on our stated goal in achieving shareholder value in conjunction with our recently announced Shareholders' Rights Plan to protect and ultimately utilize the approximate $51.0 million in NOLs that were generated in the past."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like






Thursday's Small-Cap Winners & Losers
Cott plunges on lowered guidance.



Sarina Penn

Sep 20, 2007 4:08 PM EDT

















Thursday's Small-Cap Winners & Losers
Transmeridian Exploration surges on news it's reviewing its strategic alternatives.



Sarina Penn

Mar 15, 2007 2:01 PM EDT

















High Hopes for Micro Fuel Cells
But firms that make these products might be suited only for investors with high risk tolerance.



Odette Galli

Dec 3, 2002 10:58 AM EST

















An Open Invitation
Not just a trendy phrase, open money management means finding great ideas away from the Wall Street cabal.



Don Luskin

Jun 26, 2000 4:44 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


Honda Accord Through the Years: 20 Reasons the 2018 Model Is a Really Big Deal


Jim Cramer Reveals Why He's Pleased With Advanced Micro Devices and Boeing's Earnings











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 



Mechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment from Brookstone Partners to Support Future Growth | Business Wire
























































Mechanical Technology Secures $2.74 Million Investment from 
      Brookstone Partners to Support Future Growth






October 24, 2016 08:15 AM Eastern Daylight Time



ALBANY, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (MTI or the Company), (OTCQB: MKTY), 
      a company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc., in the 
      design, manufacture and sale of precision test and measurement sensors, 
      instruments and systems that provide solutions for linear displacement, 
      vibration measurement and system balancing and tensile measurements in 
      markets that require the exacting measurement and control of products 
      and processes for automated manufacturing, assembly and consistent 
      operation of complex machinery, announces the investment of $2.74 
      million for future growth initiatives.
    


      Brookstone Partners (www.brookstonepartners.com), 
      a private equity firm in New York City, has, through Brookstone Partners 
      Acquisition XXIV, LLC (Brookstone), acquired 3.75 million newly issued 
      shares of common stock of MTI for $2.74 million. Following this 
      investment, MTI intends to continue to focus on the current growth 
      strategy in the analytical measurement market with sensors, instruments 
      and systems. This new investment has allowed MTI’s balance sheet to 
      improve and provides MTI with additional capital for, among other 
      things, key strategic activities. We believe that, in turn, this will 
      facilitate an accelerated use of the approximate $51.0 million in unused 
      Federal net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) incurred by MTI during 
      the microfuel cell development period to offset future taxable income.
    

      Concurrent with the investment, the membership of the Board of the 
      Company has changed. In accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase 
      Agreement between MTI and Brookstone pursuant to which MTI sold the 
      shares of common stock to Brookstone, Dr. Walter L. Robb and Mr. Dennis 
      O’Connor have resigned from the Board, and the Board appointed Mr. 
      Matthew Lipman and Mr. Michael Toporek of Brookstone and Mr. Ted 
      Hirshfield of Steppingstone Group as new members of the Board.
    

      “We are extremely excited about the future of MTI with the addition of 
      new capital and our association with Brookstone,” stated Kevin G. Lynch, 
      CEO of MTI. “Now that we have stabilized the base business, after a 
      difficult year in 2015, the additional capital will enable us to look to 
      expand our growth strategy beyond our current organic growth model. With 
      Brookstone at our side, we expect to generate and execute on new 
      strategic activities including potential acquisitions. This will also 
      strengthen our ability to deliver on our stated goal in achieving 
      shareholder value in conjunction with our recently announced 
      Shareholders’ Rights Plan to protect and ultimately utilize the 
      approximate $51.0 million in NOLs that were generated in the past.”
    

      “On behalf of all shareholders and members of the Board, we want to 
      thank both Dr. Robb and Mr. O’Connor for their dedicated service to the 
      Board and for their guidance and unwavering commitment to MTI for more 
      than 20 years.”
    

About MTI


      MTI is engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of test and 
      measurement instruments and systems through its subsidiary MTI 
      Instruments, Inc. MTI Instrument's products use a comprehensive array of 
      technologies to solve complex, real world applications in numerous 
      industries including manufacturing, electronics, semiconductor, solar, 
      commercial and military aviation, automotive and data storage. For more 
      information about the Company, please visit www.mechtech.com.
    

Statements in this press release that is not historical fact, in 
      particular, “MTI intends to continue to focus on the current growth 
      strategy in the analytical measurement market with sensors, instruments 
      and systems,” that the new investment will, in turn, “facilitate 
      accelerated use of the … Federal net operating losses” and “we expect to 
      generate and execute on new strategic activities including potential 
      acquisitions” constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning 
      of federal securities laws. All forward-looking statements are made as 
      of today, and MTI disclaims any duty to update such statements. It is 
      important to note that the Company’s actual results could differ 
      materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. Factors 
      that could cause the anticipated results not to occur include: the 
      failure of the Company to locate viable strategic activities including 
      potential acquisitions that are beneficial to the Company; that the 
      uncertainty of the global economy may affect demand for our products; 
      variability of customer requirements resulting in cancellations, 
      reductions, or delays; our inability to build and maintain relationships 
      with our customers; and the other risk factors listed from time to time 
      in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange 
      Commission, including, but not limited to, our annual report on Form 
      10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our quarterly reports on 
      Form 10-Q.







Contacts

      Mechanical Technology, IncorporatedLisa Brennan, 518-218-2500lbrennan@mtiinstruments.com


















Contacts

      Mechanical Technology, IncorporatedLisa Brennan, 518-218-2500lbrennan@mtiinstruments.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



















Brookstone provides $2.74 mln to MTI - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Brookstone provides $2.74 mln to MTI


October 24, 2016
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Brookstone provides $2.74 mln to MTI
Brookstone Partners has invested $2.74 million in Mechnical Technology Inc. Based in Albany, New York, MTI is a maker and seller of precision test and measurement sensors, instruments and systems.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Brookstone Partners has invested $2.74 million in Mechnical Technology Inc. Based in Albany, New York, MTI is a maker and seller of precision test and measurement sensors, instruments and systems.
PRESS RELEASE
ALBANY, N.Y.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Mechanical Technology, Incorporated (MTI or the Company), (OTCQB: MKTY), a company engaged, through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc., in the design, manufacture and sale of precision test and measurement sensors, instruments and systems that provide solutions for linear displacement, vibration measurement and system balancing and tensile measurements in markets that require the exacting measurement and control of products and processes for automated manufacturing, assembly and consistent operation of complex machinery, announces the investment of $2.74 million for future growth initiatives.
Brookstone Partners (www.brookstonepartners.com), a private equity firm in New York City, has, through Brookstone Partners Acquisition XXIV, LLC (Brookstone), acquired 3.75 million newly issued shares of common stock of MTI for $2.74 million. Following this investment, MTI intends to continue to focus on the current growth strategy in the analytical measurement market with sensors, instruments and systems.
This new investment has allowed MTI’s balance sheet to improve and provides MTI with additional capital for, among other things, key strategic activities. We believe that, in turn, this will facilitate an accelerated use of the approximate $51.0 million in unused Federal net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) incurred by MTI during the microfuel cell development period to offset future taxable income. 





Concurrent with the investment, the membership of the Board of the Company has changed. In accordance with the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement between MTI and Brookstone pursuant to which MTI sold the shares of common stock to Brookstone, Dr. Walter L. Robb and Mr. Dennis O’Connor have resigned from the Board, and the Board appointed Mr. Matthew Lipman and Mr. Michael Toporek of Brookstone and Mr. Ted Hirshfield of Steppingstone Group as new members of the Board.
“We are extremely excited about the future of MTI with the addition of new capital and our association with Brookstone,” stated Kevin G. Lynch, CEO of MTI. “Now that we have stabilized the base business, after a difficult year in 2015, the additional capital will enable us to look to expand our growth strategy beyond our current organic growth model. With Brookstone at our side, we expect to generate and execute on new strategic activities including potential acquisitions. This will also strengthen our ability to deliver on our stated goal in achieving shareholder value in conjunction with our recently announced Shareholders’ Rights Plan to protect and ultimately utilize the approximate $51.0 million in NOLs that were generated in the past.”
“On behalf of all shareholders and members of the Board, we want to thank both Dr. Robb and Mr. O’Connor for their dedicated service to the Board and for their guidance and unwavering commitment to MTI for more than 20 years.”
About MTI
MTI is engaged in the design, manufacture, and sale of test and measurement instruments and systems through its subsidiary MTI Instruments, Inc. MTI Instrument’s products use a comprehensive array of technologies to solve complex, real world applications in numerous industries including manufacturing, electronics, semiconductor, solar, commercial and military aviation, automotive and data storage. For more information about the Company, please visit www.mechtech.com. 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Brookstone provides $2.74 mln to MTI
Brookstone Partners has invested $2.74 million in Mechnical Technology Inc. Based in Albany, New York, MTI is a maker and seller of precision test and measurement sensors, instruments and systems.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














 Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

 





































Brookstone Partners






















                                    Transformative Capital
                                


Investing with families, founders and entreprenuers to build great companies                                


LEARN MORE ABOUT OUR APPROACH 












                       Transformative capital 
                    

                        Whether it’s adding the right people to the team, investing in R&D, building new facilities, or breaking into new markets, the right investments often require patience.                
                        

Learn more






                        True partners to a focused investment portfolio. 
                    

                        Our portfolio companies aren’t a game of batting averages. We focus on making more selective investments and prioritize making each investment a success.               

How we work






        True owners rather than third party investors.
    
































View Our Portfolio













                        What they're saying
                    










Bill  Rusch


CEO Anomatic

2002 to 2010, 35 + years with Anomatic 



                                                   It’s a small group, each individual inside the firm brings a different perspective and a different talent that sheds a different light on any given topic.
 
The level of intellect and horsepower brought to the table is significant.  For the typical entrepreneurial guy like myself that pretty much had to make every decision by himself, it’s certainly a hell of a resource to have.
 
There’s healthy debate - not everyone agrees all the time but they challenge me to rethink and question my own ideas and beliefs in some areas. I think it always results in a better outcome. A more thoughtful outcome.
 
I would say it really boils down to guys that are very open minded, bring a lot of diverse experience and diverse backgrounds to the table .
 
I think the group as a whole is an extremely honest group of people.  Very ethical.
 
                                                









Scott Rusch


CEO Anomatic

2010 to Present 35 + years with Anomatic 



                                                    It’s been a wonderful, great ride for the last ten or eleven years. It wasn’t easy.
 
The expertise that the Brookstone guys had and that fortitude, that backing, that is what you really need when you make tough decisions. I didn’t worry about the immediate results because we made the right long term decisions together. We make the right long term decisions for the business.  You do what you have to do and Brookstone’s long term backing fortifies you in business.  When you have a financial partner that says to you we will take the risk.  We will do the right thing. It means everything. 
 
In the last two years a Partner at the firm and I have connected in a very unique way. Where we are almost finishing each other’s sentences and really can understand exactly what had to be done, when it had to be done and how to do it. I want to thank him for that.
 
I really cherish the relationships that have made this happen over the past ten or eleven years.
 
                                                









Gordon Strout


Founder &  CEO Instone

1989 to Present 



                                                    It’s a small group, each individual inside the firm brings a different perspective and a different talent that sheds a different light on any given topic.
 
The level of intellect and horsepower brought to the table is significant.  For the typical entrepreneurial guy like myself that pretty much had to make every decision by himself, it’s certainly a hell of a resource to have.
 
There’s healthy debate - not everyone agrees all the time but they challenge me to rethink and question my own ideas and beliefs in some areas. I think it always results in a better outcome. A more thoughtful outcome.
 
I would say it really boils down to guys that are very open minded, bring a lot of diverse experience and diverse backgrounds to the table .
 
I think the group as a whole is an extremely honest group of people.  Very ethical.

 
                                                









Paul Kreie


Senior Managing Director

Present 



                                                    The Brookstone guys are great to work with. They are
very thorough, thoughtful and diligent in their approach. They
approach business from a very practical and pragmatic perspective.
 
I think they are very effective communicators with us as co-investors and lending sources. Compared to other private equity firms, I think Brookstone is much more upfront, open and pro-active in their communications. Good, bad, indifferent, we hear about things real time. They really view us as true partners in the relationship and not like lenders who are only there when you need them.
 
I think their approach to the business and how they deal with us is much more relationship oriented than other folks. Although they are from the east coast, we view them as having more of a Midwestern kind of values set.  They are ethical based, moral based, and have a moral compass in how they treat people and deal with people in businesses. I think from that perspective they are head and shoulders above a lot of the other firms that we’ve had relationships with.

 
                                                









Tom Gutman


Senior Vice President

Present 



                                                    Focused on aligning everyone’s interests – management, capital partners. Good and honorable people. They work hard to understand your business. Brookstone cares about aligning their interest with management. They care very much about the capital partners in their deals. The firm plays a key role not only as an investor and as an equity provider but also operationally.
                                                




















