




 
Renewable - Brookfield Renewable











  

Skip Links



VISIT BROOKFIELD.COM







Main menu dropdown























Welcome to Brookfield Renewable’s operations website, which includes detailed information on our renewable assets and regional operating platforms. 
For information on Brookfield Renewable Partners, including investor information, please visit Brookfield Asset Management's website, www.brookfield.com
We own and operate one of the world’s largest renewable power portfolios, anchored by more than 215 hydroelectric facilities. With strong regional operating platforms in our core markets, we are able to leverage our local expertise to grow the business organically and through acquisition.
Our portfolio includes more than 250 renewable power facilities in North America, Latin America and Europe with a combined installed capacity exceeding 10,000 megawatts.





installed capacity
10,700 MW


Hydroelectric generation
88%


Operating Employees
2,000+


Power Markets
15









brookfield renewable
North America


Our hydro and wind portfolio provides nearly 6,000 MW of clean and renewable energy in 13 states and three provinces across North America.

Learn More







brookfield renewable
Latin America


We are one of the largest independent power producers in Latin America with over 4,000 MW of installed capacity diversified across 32 river systems.

Learn More







brookfield renewable
Europe


Our European business is a leading continental independent power producer with facilities across Ireland, the UK and Portugal.

Learn More


















Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P. - Power Plants and SWOT Analysis, 2014 Update































| Compare 
About Us | 
Contact Us






Home
Research Category
Publisher List
Custom Research
Cart
Compare



Research Category
User Guide
Policies
Contact Us
About us
Site Map











Home









Company report
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P. - Power Plants and SWOT Analysis, 2014 Update



Published by
GlobalData
Product code
314750


Published
September 21, 2014
Content info
66 Pages 


Price








USD 1000

PDF by E-mail (Single user license)





USD 2000

PDF by E-mail (Site license)





USD 3000

PDF by E-mail (Global license)
























Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P. - Power Plants and SWOT Analysis, 2014 Update



Published: September 21, 2014
Content info: 66 Pages














Description


The report contains a detailed description of the power generation company's business operations, history, corporate strategy, and business structure. This report contains a detailed SWOT analysis, information on key employees (executives), and major products and services.
Scope

 Major Power Plants (assets) - summarized and detailed information about the power plants (assets).
 Operational Metrics (capacity, generation, revenue, sales, number of consumers).
 Business description - A detailed description of the company's operations and business divisions.
 Corporate strategy - GlobalData's summarization of the company's business strategy.
 SWOT analysis - A detailed analysis of the company's strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.
 Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.
 Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands
 Key employees - A list of the key executives and personnel heading key departments/functions.
 Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives' employment history.
 Financial deals - Coverage of key financial deals from 2006 onwards, depending upon information availability
 Important locations and subsidiaries - A list of key locations and subsidiaries of the company, including contact details.

 Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Reasons to buy

 Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research purposes. Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and major products and services are incorporated in the profile to assist in various business decisions (M&A and JV).
 Identify potential customers and suppliers with this report's analysis of the company's business structure, operations, major products and services and business strategy.
 Understand and respond to competitors' business structure and strategies with GlobalData's detailed SWOT analysis. In this, the company's core strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats are analyzed, providing an up to date objective view of the company.




Table of Contents
Table of Contents

Table of Contents

List of Tables

Company Snapshot

Key Information
Company Overview
SWOT Snapshot

Operational Metrics

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Operational Metrics, By Capacity
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Operational Metrics, By Generation
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Operational Metrics, By Sales

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Wind Farms

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Wind Farms, United States

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Solar PV Parks

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Solar PV Parks, United States

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Hydro Power Plants

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Hydro Power Plants, Canada
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Hydro Power Plants, United States

Business Description

Business Overview

Major Products and Services
History
SWOT Analysis

Overview
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P. Strengths

Geographic Diversification
Improved Generation Capacities
Strong Hydroelectric Assets

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P. Weaknesses

Increasing Debt

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P. Opportunities

Positive Outlook for Electricity Demand: the US
Government Support: Renewable Energy
Strategic Acquisitions

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P. Threats

Governmental Regulations
Highly Competitive Industry
Hydrology and Wind Conditions


Financial Ratios - Capital Market Ratios
Financial Ratios - Annual Ratios
Financial Ratios - Interim Ratios
Key Employees
Key Employee Biographies
Company Statement
Locations And Subsidiaries

Head Office
Other Locations & Subsidiaries

Financial Deals Landscape

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Deals Summary

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Power, Deal Details

Asset Transactions

Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Acquisition of Wind Power Assets in Ireland from Bord Gais Energy for USD960 Million

Equity Offering

Brookfield Renewable Energy Raises USD299.2 Million in Public Offering of Units
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Public Offering Of 5% Series 6 Preferred Shares For US$170.6 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Public Offering Of Preference Shares For US$176 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Public Offering Of Preferred Shares For US$254 Million

Debt Offering

Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Private Placement Of 4.79% Notes Due 2022 For US$401 Million

Asset Finance

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners Completes Acquisition Of 33% Stake In Safe Harbor Power Plant In US From LS Power For US$289 Million
Great Lakes Power Transmission Completes Bond Financing Of US$133.6 Million For Portfolio Of Hydro Power Projects
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners To Acquire Portfolio Of Hydroelectric Projects In US
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners To Acquire Remaining 50% Interest In Malacha Hydro Power Plant In California, US
Brookfield Renewable Acquires Portfolio Of Hydroelectric Projects From NextEra Energy For US$760 Million In US
Brookfield Renewable Completes Bond Financing Of US$442 Million For Comber Wind Farm In Ontario, Canada
Brookfield Renewable And Brookfield Asset Acquire Portfolio Of Tapoco Hydroelectric Projects From Alcoa Power For US$600 Million In North Carolina, US
Brookfield Renewable Completes Bond Financing Of US$175 Million For Kokish River Hydroelectric Project In British Columbia, Canada
Brookfield Renewable Acquires Tehachapi Wind Power Project In California, US
Brookfield Renewable To Acquire Portfolio Of Wind Power Projects In California, US
Erie Boulevard Receives Grant Of US$2.5 million For Hydro Power Plant In New York, U.S.
Erie Boulevard Receives Grant Of US$1.5 Million For Hydro Power Plant In New York, U.S.
Albany Engineering Acquires Stuyvesant Falls Hydro Plant For US$0.21 Million From Erie Boulevard

Acquisition

Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Acquisition Of Remaining 83.6% Interest In Western Wind Energy For US$151.4 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Acquisition Of Remaining 50% Stake In Powell River Energy From Catalyst Paper For US$33 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Acquires 16% Stake In Renewable Energy Company, Western Wind Energy, For US$24.4 Million
FortisOntario Acquires Great Lakes Power Distribution From Brookfield Renewable
Brookfield Asset Management Acquires Itiquira Energetica From NRG Energy


Appendix

Report Scope
GlobalData Coverage
GlobalData's Methodology
Contact Us
Disclaimer


List of Tables

Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Key Facts
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Operational Metrics, Capacity
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Operational Metrics, Generation
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Operational Metrics, Sales
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Wind Farms, United States
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Solar PV Parks, United States
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Hydro Power Plants, Canada
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Hydro Power Plants, United States
Major Products and Services
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., SWOT Analysis
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Ratios based on current share price
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Annual Ratios
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Interim Ratios
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Key Employees
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Other Locations
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Subsidiaries
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, L.P., Deals Summary
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Acquisition of Wind Power Assets in Ireland from Bord Gais Energy for USD960 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Raises USD299.2 Million in Public Offering of Units
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Public Offering Of 5% Series 6 Preferred Shares For US$170.6 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Public Offering Of Preference Shares For US$176 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Public Offering Of Preferred Shares For US$254 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Private Placement Of 4.79% Notes Due 2022 For US$401 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners Completes Acquisition Of 33% Stake In Safe Harbor Power Plant In US From LS Power For US$289 Million
Great Lakes Power Transmission Completes Bond Financing Of US$133.6 Million For Portfolio Of Hydro Power Projects
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners To Acquire Portfolio Of Hydroelectric Projects In US
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners To Acquire Remaining 50% Interest In Malacha Hydro Power Plant In California, US
Brookfield Renewable Acquires Portfolio Of Hydroelectric Projects From NextEra Energy For US$760 Million In US
Brookfield Renewable Completes Bond Financing Of US$442 Million For Comber Wind Farm In Ontario, Canada
Brookfield Renewable And Brookfield Asset Acquire Portfolio Of Tapoco Hydroelectric Projects From Alcoa Power For US$600 Million In North Carolina, US
Brookfield Renewable Completes Bond Financing Of US$175 Million For Kokish River Hydroelectric Project In British Columbia, Canada
Brookfield Renewable Acquires Tehachapi Wind Power Project In California, US
Brookfield Renewable To Acquire Portfolio Of Wind Power Projects In California, US
Erie Boulevard Receives Grant Of US$2.5 million For Hydro Power Plant In New York, U.S.
Erie Boulevard Receives Grant Of US$1.5 Million For Hydro Power Plant In New York, U.S.
Albany Engineering Acquires Stuyvesant Falls Hydro Plant For US$0.21 Million From Erie Boulevard
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Acquisition Of Remaining 83.6% Interest In Western Wind Energy For US$151.4 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Completes Acquisition Of Remaining 50% Stake In Powell River Energy From Catalyst Paper For US$33 Million
Brookfield Renewable Energy Acquires 16% Stake In Renewable Energy Company, Western Wind Energy, For US$24.4 Million
FortisOntario Acquires Great Lakes Power Distribution From Brookfield Renewable
Brookfield Asset Management Acquires Itiquira Energetica From NRG Energy








Phone


Int'l: +1-860-674-8796
TollFree(US): +1-866-353-3335
Europe: +32-2-535-7543
Asia: +65-6223-2436


New for 2017 !

GII now purchases any market research reports from any publishers for you.  
			With noextra cost.
Contact us for more details.

FAQ


Delivery Time
User License
Payment Options
Compare Multiple Reports
















About
Contact
User Guide
Policies
Site Map



© Copyright 1997-2017, Global Information, Inc. All rights reserved.






Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP

































  Notizie
                

Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Upgraded to Sell at BidaskClub 
Achmea Investment Management BV Buys New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) 
Jabil Circuit, Inc. (NYSE:JBL) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub 
Scripps Networks Interactive, I (NASDAQ:SNI) Trading Volume Significantly Higher 
CyberArk Software Ltd. (CYBR) Stake Boosted by Taylor Wealth Management Partners 
YouTube TV is now live, though only in five major American cities 
InterOcean Capital LLC Buys 33174 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) 


























Notizia
Affari Cultura Scienza Sportivo Internazionale Salute Nazionale 




Affari
Cultura
Scienza
Sportivo
Internazionale
Salute
Nazionale


 


Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP
Paterniano Del Favero
Luglio 24, 2017



Condividere













The firm now has $36.00 target price on the utilities provider's stock.Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited operates as the general partner of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The company was formerly known as Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. and changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.in May 2016. The company's power generating portfolio comprised of hydroelectric generating, wind facilities and natural gas-fired plants.BEP has been the topic of a number of research reports. GMP Securities reaffirmed a "buy" rating and set a $32.00 target price on shares of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.in a research note on Friday, May 5th. The stock now has a consensus rating of "Buy" and a consensus target price of $44.94. Credit Suisse Group raised Brookfield Infrastructure Partners from a "neutral" rating to an "outperform" rating and increased their target price for the stock from $40.00 to $44.00 in a report on Friday, June 16th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. lifted their price objective on shares of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners from $43.00 to $65.00 and gave the stock an "outperform" rating in a research report on Monday, June 5th. Bellwether Investment Group LLC raised its stake in shares of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners by 1.2% in the first quarter. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of "Buy" and an average price target of $44.94. Brookfield Infrastructure Partners has a 52 week low of $30.12 and a 52 week high of $41.55. (BEP) opened at 33.57 on Monday. Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The company has a 50-day moving average of $40.44 and a 200-day moving average of $38.11. The stock has a market capitalization of $10.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.79 and a beta of 1.12.Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. had a negative net margin of 1.34% and a negative return on equity of 0.10%. (NYSE:BEP) (TSE:BEP) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The utilities provider reported $0.05 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks' consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $677 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $699.25 million. On average, equities analysts forecast that Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. will post $0.17 earnings per share for the current year. Barclays PLC restated an "equal weight" rating and set a $32.00 target price (down from $33.00) on shares of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.in a research report on Sunday, April 23rd. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of USA and worldwide copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.com-unik.info/2017/07/24/bidaskclub-lowers-brookfield-infrastructure-partners-lp-nysebip-to-buy-updated.html. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st were paid a dividend of $0.4675 per share. This dividend represents a yield of $4.89. The ex-dividend date was Monday the 29th of May 2017.Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Bank of Montreal Can raised its position in Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.by 11.4% in the first quarter. Sentry Investments Corp. boosted its stake in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners by 4.2% in the first quarter. Bellwether Investment Group LLC now owns 2,718 shares of the utilities provider's stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 32 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.by 2.9% in the first quarter. Montrusco Bolton Investments Inc. now owns 1,812,319 shares of the utilities provider's stock valued at $69,903,000 after buying an additional 574,812 shares in the last quarter. The value of the total investment in Brookfield Property Partners L. increased from $18,708,000 to $19,637,000 a change of $929,000 quarter over quarter. Hexavest Inc. raised its stake in shares of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.by 1.1% in the second quarter. Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. now owns 8,749 shares of the utilities provider's stock valued at $338,000 after buying an additional 98 shares in the last quarter. Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The company sells its generation output primarily to public power authorities, load-serving utilities, and industrial users. The Company's segments include utilities, transport, energy, communications infrastructure and other.

 




Altre relazioni OverNewsmagazine 









24 Luglio 2017




Jaguar unveils its new XJR flagship model for 2018









24 Luglio 2017




Morata hails Chelsea as 'best club', Conte 'best coach'









24 Luglio 2017




Intel accuses Qualcomm of using courts to kill competition











24 Luglio 2017




Diritti d'autore, il tribunale dà ragione a Fedez: "Non basta pagare Siae"







Encana Corporation (ECA) Cut to Hold at Royal Bank Of Canada









24 Luglio 2017




Actor Dhanush Walks Out from TV9 Interview after Questions about Personal Life









Uomini e Donne: trono gay addio?









24 Luglio 2017




Rudy meets Yogi over skill programmes in Uttar Pradesh









24 Luglio 2017




Japan marks 3-year countdown to Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games











24 Luglio 2017




Social Media Reaction: Donegal fans told to be civil









24 Luglio 2017




Big shift in WWE Battleground odds









24 Luglio 2017




SK Groups overtakes Hyundai Motor with second-largest market cap









Recenti News Articoli


 
'We're goin' to Bonnie Doon!' and now you can too




 
Sassocorvaro, muore schiacciato dal trattore




 
Louise and Jamie Redknapp split: Strictly Come Dancing's Karen Clifton CONFIRMS rumours




Discuti questo articolo








 PIÙ POPOLARE OverNewsmagazine




Two arrested in connection with North York Moors Railway investigation



Sant'Antimo, minorenne adescata e scomparsa: il Gip ordina di riaprire il caso



Telegram adds self-destructing media, swanky CDN system


BidaskClub Downgrades East West Bancorp, Inc


Athenahealth, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATHN) SVP Sells 422 Shares of Stock



'No way' Vidal to Manchester United transfer going ahead - Ancelotti



Pakistan's Nawaz Sharif hearings conclude in Supreme Court



Isolated showers and storms Sunday with a partly cloudy sky



Two killed in blast in Pakistani city of Lahore: rescue service



Lexington Police arrest suspect in stabbing







SEGUI I NOSTRI GIORNALE











ULTIME NOTIZIE OverNewsmagazine



 
Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Upgraded to Sell at BidaskClub


Achmea Investment Management BV Buys New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN)


Jabil Circuit, Inc. (NYSE:JBL) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub


Scripps Networks Interactive, I (NASDAQ:SNI) Trading Volume Significantly Higher


CyberArk Software Ltd. (CYBR) Stake Boosted by Taylor Wealth Management Partners


American Railcar Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARII) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday


Ad company Interpublic's revenue slips 1.7 pct


Scientists discover 'angel particle' that is both matter and anti-matter


Investors Buy Shares of Walt Disney Company (The) (NYSE:DIS) on Weakness


JP Energy Partners LP







ALTRE NOTIZIE


Scienza
Cultura
Affari









Lo spazio di archiviazione può essere aumentato di altri 2TB utilizzan...









Modifications that affect the performance of the player's auto  also p...









The Great American Eclipse will track across 12 states. Some of the ec...









Eqis Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in  Chipotle  Mexica...









Loveflutter  actually launched in 2013 but has now  relaunched  a new ...












Explaining her decision, Hannah said: 'The reason being is because I f...








Recently analysts working for various investment brokerages have chang...









Per il momento solo indiscrezioni che circolano sul web, e che di tant...









Nel filmato la si vede mentre  si diverte in piscina insieme a Penelop...









According to  the New York Times , the statue was removed from public ...











It has underperformed by 11.84% the S&P500. (NYSE: AEP ) by 4.1% durin...








It is positive, as 69 investors sold  WYNN  shares while 123 reduced h...








Credit Suisse AG's holdings in Jabil Circuit were worth $4,919,000 as ...









Analysts expect that Scripps Networks Interactive will post $5.49 EPS ...









Research Firm Zacks boosted   CyberArk  Software  from a sell recommen...
























© 2017 overnewsmagazine.com, OverNewsmagazine




Sportivo
Scienza
Cultura
Affari


Nazionale
Salute
Internazionale





Edizione

Contatti











Shares in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (BIP) Acquired by Ameriprise Financial Inc




























About 

Privacy








					  Economy					  


					  Entertaiment					  


					  IT&Software					  


					  Science					  


					  Sports					  


					  World News					  


					  Medicine					  


					  National					  








Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (TSE:BIP.UN) Receives Outperform Rating from Scotiabank































HOME
Contacts 












IsmBoard
 Thursday , July 27, 2017   







Markets
Culture&Arts
Technology
Sci-tech
Sport
Global
Medicine
National
 



 ﻿





Markets

Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (TSE:BIP.UN) Receives Outperform Rating from Scotiabank


July 23, 2017 20:44·





Brookfield Renewable Partners LP
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners's payout ratio is 188.45%. Karpas Strategies Llc owns 263,220 shares or 2.73% of their USA portfolio.
A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 4,496,989 shares of the utilities provider's stock valued at $133,696,000 after buying an additional 459,698 shares in the last quarter. Quadrature Capital Ltd increased its position in shares of Brookfield Property Partners L.P.by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 2,249,697 shares of the utilities provider's stock valued at $66,883,000 after buying an additional 119,318 shares in the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 255,953 shares of the utilities provider's stock valued at $7,598,000 after buying an additional 199,554 shares during the period. Brookfield Infrastructure Partners makes up approximately 1.5% of McQueen Ball & Associates Inc.'s investment portfolio, making the stock its 17th largest position. Mackenzie Financial Corp now owns 568,787 shares of the utilities provider's stock worth $16,910,000 after buying an additional 5,492 shares during the last quarter. Sentry Investments Corp. raised its position in Brookfield Infrastructure Partners by 4.2% in the first quarter. Karpas Strategies, LLC bolstered its investment by buying 2,800 shares an increase of 2.4% as of 06/30/2017. Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. (NYSE:BEP) opened at 33.47 on Monday. The stock has "Outperform" rating by Wedbush on Tuesday, May 3.Brookfield Property Partners L.P. has a 50 day moving average of 23.41 and a 200 day moving average of 22.57. The firm has "Outperform" rating given on Wednesday, August 5 by RBC Capital Markets.

Paris Saint-Germain Demand Anthony Martial In Marco Verratti Deal
					While United aren't sure about allowing Martial to leave, it's clear Mourinho wants more from him, and made that public many times last season.
				Brookfield Property Partners L.P.is a diversified global real estate company. The value of the investment in (BEP) went from $51,875,000 to $72,335,000 increasing 39.4% since the last quarter. The utilities provider reported $0.05 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $677 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $699.25 million. Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. BPY was included in 6 notes of analysts from August 5, 2015. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st were given a dividend of $0.295 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday the 29th of May 2017. This represents a $1.18 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.89%.TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of USA & global copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/23/brookfield-infrastructure-partners-lp-bip-position-maintained-by-mcqueen-ball-associates-inc-updated-updated.html. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, CSFB raised shares of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. from a "neutral" rating to an "outperform" rating and set a C$58.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, June 16th.UBS Group AG lowered its stake in shares of Brookfield Property Partners L.P. (NYSE:BPY) (TSE:BPY.UN) by 6.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Barclays PLC reissued an "equal weight" rating and set a C$57.00 target price on shares of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P.in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Equity analyst BMO Capital released its first research report on the stock setting a rating of "Outperform". They now have a C$54.75 price objective on the stock.

Supergirl Faces Existential Crisis In Season 3 Trailer
					Flockhart reprised her role as Cat in the first two and the last two episodes of Season 2. Annabelle spoke about Reign , saying that she left Krypton and is now on earth.
				About Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited operates as the general partner of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The company was formerly known as Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. and changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.in May 2016. The Company owns, operates and develops a portfolio of office, retail, multifamily, industrial, hospitality, triple net lease, self-storage and student housing assets. Its segments include Hydroelectric, Wind, Other and Corporate.

Manchester United boss Mourinho hails West Ham's impending double signing
					Manchester United had a gruelling schedule last season, playing an additional 15 games due to their involvement in the Europa League.
				



Recommended News









23 July 2017




Kobach: 'We May Never Know' If Clinton Won Popular Vote
				Aides to Vice President and commission chair Mike Pence said they only asked for information that was already publicly available. The commission has already sparked an outcry by asking for complete voter roles from each state, with most refusing the request.			






Tetra Tech, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTEK) Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub
				The average revenue per share growth rate of TETRA Technologies, Inc . during the past 12 months was -43.9 percent. Therefore 91% are positive. 07/31/2014 - Tetra Tech, Inc. was downgraded to "neutral" by analysts at Robert W.			








23 July 2017




Paris Saint-Germain Still Mulling Paying Neymar's Release Clause
				So to help us on our journey to bring you top quality Italian football content we need YOUR support. Luis Suarez also received attention from fans, but it was Neymar and Messi they were there to see.			










23 July 2017




Ezekiel Elliott's accuser speaks out, a year after alleged abuse
				According to the Dallas Morning News , Prescott had said on the red carpet at the ESPY Awards last week: "We're the Cowboys. As for Prescott's prediction that the Cowboys will win the NFC East, Pierre-Paul is a fan of the quarterback's confidence.			






Stock'S Earning Overview SeaDrill Limited (SDRL)
				The stock has performed -5.14% over the last seven days, -22.68% over the last thirty, and -22.03% over the last three months. The company's quick ratio for most recent quarter is 0.6 along with current ratio for most recent quarter of 0.6.			








23 July 2017




GOP encounters new parliamentary hurdles on healthcare bill
				Senate Democrats likely would move to strike the provisions determined by McDonough as out of compliance with Senate rules . But there are strict rules about what can and cannot be included, and those rules are enforced by the parliamentarian.			










23 July 2017




Frank Ocean Dedicates Song To Brad Pitt During Concert
				Ocean returned the love during a June concert in Manchester - by wearing a shirt with the actor's face emblazoned on the front. Talk about getting to the raw truth", Pitt said , while opening up about his divorce from Angelina Jolie .			






Investment Analysts' Weekly Ratings Changes for Artisan Partners Asset Management (APAM)
				The Company provides investment management services to separate accounts, mutual funds and other pooled investment vehicles. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Artisan Partners Asset Management by 7.5% in the first quarter.			








23 July 2017




Live Blog Updates from the Warner Bros Pictures Comic-Con Panel
				Warner Bros. confirmed that a sequel to " Wonder Woman " is officially on its release schedule at the San Diego Comic-Con.  Warner Bros. observing Justice League comes after Wonder Woman's outsized accomplishment in the cinema world.			










23 July 2017




Scaramucci vows to take 'drastic action' to stop White House leaks
				Scaramucci said he would use social media and Trump's abilities as a communicator to overcome negative stories. "Economics is our strength, and we are going to get at it".			








23 July 2017




Sarah Huckabee Sanders Announced As New Press Secretary After Spicer Resigns
				He made factually incorrect statements, and defended statements from the president that even some Republicans disavowed. To that end, in a 2015 interview with Steve Forbes, he complained about "nasty articles" on investment firms.			








23 July 2017




Watch The Newly Unveiled Trailer For Steven Spielberg's Ready Player One HERE!
				Steven Spielberg is one of the best directors of all time making films like ET, Indiana Jones, and Jurassic Park. Now he seems to have, if not changed his mind, at least embraced the future.			










Follow Us!















Join The Conversation

We are pleased to provide this opportunity to share information, experiences and observations about what's in the news. 
	Some of the comments may be reprinted elsewhere in the site or in the newspaper. 
	Thank you for taking the time to offer your thoughts.
    













Trending on ismboard.com





News Chronicle



'Westworld' Season 2 Trailer Shows a Robot Uprising Is Upon Us 
				The very first time we see Evan Rachel Wood's Dolores in the eponymous park of Westworld , she is presented as sweetness itself. It's a great role, one that Wood considers a rarity that needs to be occurring more often in Hollywood.

Westworld Season 2: First Trailer shows robots' retaliation! 
				Interestingly, she also revealed that this year, she's been heavily inspired by William Blake's Auguries of Innocence . Executive producer/writer/director, Jonathan Nolan; executive producer/writer, Lisa Joy; executive producers, J.J.

Swedish Open: David Ferrer beats Alexandr Dolgopolov in Bastad final 
				Tournament director Chris Hult defended the event's security, saying the man was not considered a threat by security guards. Booing from the crowd drowned out his other comments, and he was led away without fuss by police.

Watch The 'Westworld' Season 2 Comic-Con Trailer 
				But during Saturday's panel at San Diego's Comic-Con , a surprise trailer unveiled some hints about what we can expect to see. The player piano (the best character in the series) sits musicless, covered in blood.

The Blackhawk Network Holdings' (HAWK) "Buy" Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc 
				About 157,689 shares traded. (NASDAQ: HAWK ) closed July 20 at $46.1, down -1.28% or $0.6 from its record high price of $46.7. It has outperformed by 10.09% the S&P500.The move comes after 6 months negative chart setup for the $25.36 billion company.

Faryab's Kohistan District Falls To The Taliban 
				The district's capture opens a corridor for the Taliban, allowing free movement to the west and north. Another district in north-western Faryab province also fell to the Taliban early Sunday.

Ocean Master's Army Featured In Aquaman Footage at SDCC 
				Fans at San Diego Comic-Con were transported underwater on Saturday when Warner Bros. screened the first taste of " Aquaman ". As a big shark fan, this made me swoon just a tad. "You don't want to maybe talk this over?" he asks, before smling.

Syrian warplanes strike near Damascus despite cease-fire - Syrian Observatory 
				It added that the first humanitarian aid convoy is due in the coming days, as well as convoys to evacuate the injured. The accord specified four initial areas: Idlib in the north, Homs in the east, Eastern Ghouta and southern Syria.

WWE Battleground 2017: Full Match Results 
				Battleground also marks the PPV return of John Cena , who took time off after WrestleMania to film a movie. Eastern/7:00 p.m Central with seven bouts and another Breezango segment that is sure to be entertaining.

Arrest made in Ocean City, NJ murder 
				Taylor did not disclose a motive for the homicide and said an autopsy scheduled for Sunday would determine a cause of death. Webber's body was found inside the Inn, police say.








Tendencies





		Comic-Con 2017: New Poster for Marvel's Black Panther Revealed	



		Brokers Opinions on: Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX)	






		Juventus Prepare To Take Important Step In Emre Can Chase	



		Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) to Issue $0.15 Quarterly Dividend	



		Clashes leave 57 Palestinians injured in Jerusalem	






		Draymond Green, Conor McGregor trade Instagram blows over a Warriors jersey	



		Kennedy Capital Management Inc. Lowers Position in Independent Bank Corporation (NASDAQ:IBCP)	






		Compromise needed on health care	






		Katrina Kaif enjoys surfing in Morocco	






		Inter Coach Won't Shut Door On Selling Ivan Perisic To Manchester United	






		Kislyak going back to Russian Federation , embassy says	






		Harmanpreet Kaur Set to be Promoted at Western Railway	






		OJ Simpson still invited to attend Hall of Fame ceremonies	



		Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research	



		Bank of America Corporation Increases Baozun Inc. (BZUN) Price Target to $36.00	



ismboard.com in social









 

 



﻿ 







Home

Contacts 









Copyright © 2017 — ismboard.com. All Rights Reserved


 






Brookfield Renewable Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















brookfield renewable partners lp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Utilities
Industry: Utilities
Sub-Industry: Power Generation
Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. produces electricity exclusively from environmentally friendly hydroelectric resources. The Company owns, operates, and manages hydroelectric power generating stations in the United States, Canada, and Brazil.




Corporate Information
Address:

Brookfield Place
Suite 300
Toronto, ON M5J 2T3
Canada


Phone:
1-888-327-2722


Fax:
1-441-296-4475


Web url:
www.brookfieldrenewable.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO:North
Company


Richard Legault
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc








Board Members
Company




Louis Maroun
Sigma Real Estate Advisors Ltd






Lars Josefsson
Celsius AB






Show More
























From The Web












BEP-U News


Press Releases




Brookfield Renewable Sees Opportunities in Coal-Fueled India

May 03, 2017



Brookfield Renewable Weighing Sale of Canadian, Irish Wind Farms

Aug 04, 2016





Mitsui & Co Ltd: Miscellaneous - Urgent Priority

Jul 21, 2017



Brookfield Renewable Issues US$475 Million Project-Level Green Bond

Jul 12, 2017



Brookfield Renewable Issues US$475 Million Project-Level Green Bond

Jul 12, 2017



Brookfield Renewable Completes CDN$550 Million Equity Offering

Jul 06, 2017



Brookfield Renewable Completes CDN$550 Million Equity Offering

Jul 06, 2017



Brookfield Renewable Partners 2017 Second Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts

Jul 05, 2017



Brookfield Renewable Partners 2017 Second Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts

Jul 05, 2017



RETRANSMISSION/Brookfield Renewable Announces Quarterly Dividend Rate on Its Series 2 Preference Shares

Jul 05, 2017






Key Executives


Richard Legault


Chairman/CEO:North




Sachin G Shah


Chief Executive Officer




Nicholas Goodman "Nick"


Chief Financial Officer




Thomas Deedy "Tom"


Chief Operating Officer




Zev Korman


Senior VP:Investor Relations




Jennifer Mazin


Senior VP:Renewable Power




Ralf Niklas Rank


Mng Partner:Private Equity







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Brookfield Renewable Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Brookfield Renewable Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.





Type

Public


Traded as

TSX: BEP.UN
NYSE: BEP


Industry
Electricity generation


Genre
Independent Power Producer


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Sachin Shah, CEO; Richard Legault, Chairman


Total assets
US$28b[1]


Parent
Brookfield Asset Management


Subsidiaries
Great Lakes Power and Isagen S.A., among others[1]


Website
brookfield.com
bep.brookfield.com


Footnotes / references
[1]


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates renewable power assets with corporate headquarters in Toronto. It is 61% owned by Brookfield Asset Management.[2]
As of the end of 2016, Brookfield Renewable owned over 250 power facilities with more than 10,000 MW of installed capacity.[3]
Brookfield Asset Management, claims to have "more than 100 years of experience as an owner, operator and developer of hydroelectric power facilities." It was founded in the 1890s in Brazil, where the company installed the first electrical lights and tramways in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. [4]



Contents


1 Corporate structure

1.1 Brookfield Renewable Power fund
1.2 Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
1.3 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP


2 References
3 External links



Corporate structure[edit]
The company was established as Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners in 2011 when Brookfield Asset Management combined the hydroelectric stations and wind farms of the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund with those of  Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[5] The company changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners in 2016.[6]
Brookfield Renewable Power fund[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund originated as the Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund before changing its name in 2009.[7] Brookfield used its majority stake in Great Lakes Power as its primary vehicle to advance its interests in the renewable energy sector. When Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund completed its initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1999, Brookfield Asset Management (then known as EdperBrascan) owned 61% of outstanding units through its various subsidiaries.[8][9] Initially, Great Lakes Hydro's assets were limited to three hydroelectric facilities in Western Quebec with a combined capacity of 238MW.[9] By the end of 2008, the fund owned and operated 27 hydroelectric facilities and one wind farm with a cumulative capacity of 1,021MW.[10] These assets were spread across four jurisdictions: Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc. was a wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield Asset Management with a 50.01% share in Brookfield Renewable Power Fund. It was the subsidiary in which Brookfield Asset Management held all of its renewable energy assets, whereas the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund's scope was limited to the 1,652MW of generation capacity located in Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.[11]
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP[edit]
On September 13, 2011 Brookfield Asset Management and Brookfield Renewable Power Fund announced they intended to merge the Fund and the power generating assets owned by Brookfield Renewable Power Inc to form Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP.[12] [13] When the transaction closed, Brookfield Asset Management owned 73% of the combined entity, which trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol BEP-UN [14] and on the New York Stock Exchange as BEP. The new entity is the primary vehicle through which Brookfield acquires and operates renewable energy assets, with initial assets, and development projects in Canada, the US, and Brazil. The transaction closed on November 30, 2011.[15]
In 2012, the company and its investment partners bought four hydroelectric power plants in the southeastern U.S. from Alcoa for $600 million.[16]
In 2014, the company and its investment partners acquired a portfolio of wind power assets in Ireland, establishing its presence in Europe for a total enterprise value of approximately $960 million.[17]
In 2016, the company and its investment partners acquired a majority stake in Colombian power company Isagen, which operates Colombia’s largest hydropower plant, for approximately C$2.8 billion. [18] The company subsequently increased its interest to almost 100%.[19]
On May 10, 2016 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The stock symbol and CUSIP will remain the same.[20][21]
In March 2017, the company announced it would acquire a controlling interest in TerraForm Power and 100% of TerraForm Global, together representing a 3,600 MW global renewable power portfolio.[22]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). Brookfield. 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable completes C$800 million equity offering". Torys. 10 June 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ http://www.brookfieldpower.com/
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "TMX Montreal Exchange" (PDF). 9 May 2016. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ "Canada income fund to acquire 15 hydro projects from Brookfield". 9 July 2009. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ EdperBrascan Annual Report, 1999
^ a b Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 1999
^ Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 2008
^ Brookfield Renewable Power Fund Annual Report, 2009
^ Brookfield Announces Strategic Combination of its Renewable Power Businesses
^ "Brookfield to create renewable energy heavyweight". Reuters Canada. 13 September 2011. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ Brookfield Announces Launch of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P.
^ "UPDATE 1-Alcoa to sell hydropower project to Brookfield". Reuters. 2017-06-29. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable buys Ireland wind project portfolio". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield buys Colombia’s Isagen stake for $2.8-billion". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield ya es dueña del 99% de Isagén - RCN Radio". RCN Radio (in Spanish). 2016-09-08. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "NAME CHANGE" (PDF). TMX. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Company Overview of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.". Bloomberg. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable to Invest in 3,600 MW Global Renewable Power Portfolio". bep.brookfield.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 


External links[edit]

Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Brookfield_Renewable_Partners&oldid=788321464"					
Categories: Companies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeS&P/TSX Composite IndexPower companies of CanadaCompanies based in GatineauHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 















Brookfield Renewable Partners LP - NYSE:BEP - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP)
Follow




                                33.87
                            







                        NYSE : Utilities
                    

Jul 26, 2017 4:02 PM EDT












Prev Close
  33.87


Day Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00


52 Wk Low/High

                                    26.61 /
                                    34.02
                                


Avg Volume 
65.10K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
296.60M


Market Cap
10.00B


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            1.87
                                            (5.50%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Ratings Changes Today






Ratings Changes Today

















Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: BEP, EBIX, FDS
BEP EBIX FDS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, May 26, 2016

May 25, 2016 10:00 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  AAC, BEP, DOOR, NRG, TACT, TRQ, WPC
    
Downgrades:  GTS, SPXC, SSNC
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

May 6, 2016 11:32 AM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: BEP, AYR, GXP
BEP AYR GXP are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, February 25, 2016

Feb 24, 2016 10:00 AM EST













5 Utility Stock Breakouts to Trade for Gains
Who says utility stocks are boring? Here's a technical look at how to trade five of them.

Feb 23, 2016 8:12 AM EST













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks NAUH, BEP, VNR
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Jan 20, 2016 10:30 AM EST













5 Toxic Stocks to Sell for the New Year
It's time to unload these toxic stocks from your portfolio.

Jan 1, 2016 1:40 PM EST













3 Stocks to Buy to Profit From the Promising Future of Wind Energy
Walmart and Honda are adopting wind-powered energy. Learn what other factors are influencing the wind energy market.

Dec 27, 2015 1:45 PM EST













What To Sell: 3 Sell-Rated Dividend Stocks ZFC, AMTG, BEP
These 3 dividend stocks are rated a Sell by TheStreet

Dec 11, 2015 10:30 AM EST













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: FULL, BEP, CPG
FULL BEP CPG are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, November 25, 2015

Nov 24, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: FULL, BEP, FI
FULL BEP FI are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, August 27, 2015

Aug 26, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













3 Stocks Raising The Utilities Sector Higher
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Utilities sector

Jul 31, 2015 4:33 PM EDT













Activist Hedge Fund Presses Atlantic Power to Restart Sales Process
Industry sources say management is likely holding out for a higher price.

Oct 17, 2014 1:25 PM EDT













3 Stocks Pushing The Utilities Sector Higher
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Utilities sector

Sep 16, 2014 4:33 PM EDT













3 Utilities Stocks Moving The Sector Upward
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Utilities sector

Aug 27, 2014 4:32 PM EDT













In the REIT-ification of Everything, a Yieldco Offers Green Profits
Want investment income and a green investment? Consider a yieldco, which holds green assets and spins out dividends.

Aug 9, 2014 8:00 AM EDT









Making Money in Renewable Energy
The industry is maturing, and some companies are becoming income vehicles.

Aug 6, 2014 7:00 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
    
    
    
Upgrades:  ASMI, FTEK, GROW, MSO, POST, SLRC, TEVA, UWN, VNO X
    
Downgrades:  CBD, DWCH, ENDP, HVB, NTE, RCII, SEB
    
Initiations: BEP
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:
    


Jan 28, 2014 11:02 AM EST













Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (BEP)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 9/26/13, Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP will trade ex-dividend, for its quarterly dividend of $0.3625, payable on 10/31/13. As a percentage of BEP's recent stock price of $26.37, this dividend works out to approximately 1.37%, so look for shares of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP to trade 1.37% lower — all else being equal — when BEP shares open for trading on 9/26/13.

Sep 24, 2013 11:08 AM EDT













BEP Crosses Critical Technical Indicator
In trading on Thursday, shares of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP entered into oversold territory, changing hands as low as $26.66 per share. We define oversold territory using the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which is a technical analysis indicator used to measure momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jun 20, 2013 12:43 PM EDT









S&P Buy Write Shows Its Worth
Early returns on the ETF show that it's keeping its promises thus far.

Jun 9, 2008 9:34 AM EDT













Closed-End Funds With Biggest Ratings Changes
ING and Cohen & Steers funds made the biggest upward moves in March.

Apr 22, 2008 12:16 PM EDT









Covered Calls the Fund Way
Look to the pros for help with writing covered call options -- try investing in covered call funds.

Feb 28, 2007 11:19 AM EST









Buy-Write the Right Way
Closed-end funds that sell options offer good performance in most markets.

Dec 15, 2006 7:42 AM EST






























Quant Rating on 4:02 PM EDT 7/26/2017


C-
(Hold)






Get the (BEP) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Emera: A Utility Company With 8% Annual Dividend Growth Supported By Its C$6.5B Capital Investment Projects

SeekingAlpha



Jump Into The 21st Century With Brookfield Renewable Partners

SeekingAlpha



Brookfield Renewable downgraded to Market Perform at Raymond James

The Fly



Brookfield Renewable downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Raymond James

The Fly



Brookfield Renewable Partners issues inaugural green bond

SeekingAlpha



Brookfield Renewable initiated with a Buy at TD Securities

The Fly



Innergex: A Dependable 4.57% Dividend Yield Stock

SeekingAlpha



Brookfield Renewable Partners - The Next Big Thing In Investing?

SeekingAlpha



Brookfield Renewable downgraded to Neutral from Outperform at Macquarie

The Fly



Brookfield Renewable Partners in C$350M bought deal financing

SeekingAlpha



Brookfield Business: Strategic Growth Initiatives

SeekingAlpha



Brookfield Renewable: Still A Valued Dividend Stock After Q1

SeekingAlpha



Identifying Opportunities In Colombia's Natural Gas Market

SeekingAlpha



NextEra Energy Partners: Green Energy Will Succeed Despite Trump's Withdrawal From Paris Accord

SeekingAlpha



Brookfield Renewable Partners goes ex-dividend tomorrow

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C- (Hold)



Get the (BEP) Report Here 













 











Trending


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


Honda Accord Through the Years: 20 Reasons the 2018 Model Is a Really Big Deal


Jim Cramer Reveals Why He's Pleased With Advanced Micro Devices and Boeing's Earnings











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 













Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataUtilitiesIndependent Power Producers












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				BEP on New York Consolidated


				33.57USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.07


					            (-0.21%)
					        






Prev Close

$33.64


Open

$33.72




Day's High

$33.72


Day's Low

$33.48




Volume

13,732


Avg. Vol

59,879




52-wk High

$34.02


52-wk Low

$26.61











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Jeffrey Blidner

69
2011

                                Chairman of the Board of the General Partner




							Sachin Shah


2015

                                Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner




							Nicholas Goodman


2015

                                Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner




							Harry Goldgut




                                Group Chairman of the General Partner




							Richard Legault


2015

                                Group Chairman of the General Partner




							Henrique Martins




                                Chief Executive Officer - Brazil of the General Partner




							Jennifer Mazin


2015

                                General Counsel of the General Partner




							David Mann

77
2011

                                Lead Independent Director of the General Partner




							Lars Josefsson

67
2012

                                Director of the General Partner




							Eleazar de Carvalho Filho

59
2011

                                Independent Director of the General Partner




							Louis Maroun

66
2011

                                Independent Director of the General Partner




							John Van Egmond

66
2011

                                Independent Director of the General Partner




							Patricia Zuccotti

69
2011

                                Independent Director of the General Partner




							Claire Holland


2016

                                IR Contact Officer



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Jeffrey Blidner


					
							Mr. Jeffrey M. Blidner is Chairman of the Board of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He is also a Senior Managing Partner of Brookfield Asset Management. In that capacity he is responsible for strategic planning as well as transaction execution. He is also the Chief Executive Officer of Brookfield Asset Management’s Private Funds Group. He is the Chair and a director of Brookfield Business Partners L.P., and a director of Brookfield Asset Management, Brookfield Property Partners L.P. and Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. Prior to joining Brookfield in 2000, Mr. Blidner was a senior partner at a Canadian law firm. He received his LLB from York University’s Osgoode Hall Law School and was called to the Bar in Ontario as Gold Medalist.




							Sachin Shah


					
							Mr. Sachin G. Shah is Chief Executive Officer of General Partner of the Company. He has oversight of Brookfield Renewable’s growth and capitalization, on a global basis. Mr. Shah received a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Toronto and is a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA, CA).




							Nicholas Goodman


					
							Mr. Nicholas Goodman is Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P., with effect from 6 February 2015. In this capacity, he directs all capital markets activities, accounting, financial reporting, treasury, taxation and investor relations, on a global basis. Mr. Goodman received a Bachelor of Arts in Accounting and Finance from the University of Strathclyde in Glasgow, Scotland and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Scotland.




							Harry Goldgut


					
							Mr. Harry A. Goldgut is Group Chairman of the Board of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He is also a Senior Managing Partner of Brookfield Asset Management. He has been involved in the electric power industry since 1985. Mr. Goldgut joined Brookfield in 1997 as Vice President, Power Generation and since then has held various senior positions in BRPI, becoming its Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in 2000, adding Chairman in 2005. He has been actively involved in developing and expanding Brookfield’s power operations and has had primary responsibility for its acquisitions and its senior regulatory relationships. He played an active role in the restructuring of the electricity industry in Ontario as a member of several governmental and regulatory committees and task forces including the Market Design Committee, the Minister of Energy’s Advisory Committee, the Clean Energy Task Force and the Ontario Energy Board Chair’s Advisory Roundtable. Mr. Goldgut received an LL.B. from York University’s Osgoode Hall Law School in Ontario, and was called to the Ontario Bar in 1982




							Richard Legault


					
							Mr. Richard Legault is Group Chairman of the General Partner of the Company. He was Chief Executive Officer of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He is also a Senior Managing Partner of Brookfield Asset Management and is appointed under the Master Services as Chief Executive Officer of BREP. Since 1999, he has led the growth of Brookfield’s renewable power operations on a global basis, helping to make Brookfield Renewable one of the world’s largest pure play renewable power portfolios. Mr. Legault was Chief Financial Officer of Brookfield from 2000 to 2001, prior to which he held several senior positions in operations, finance, and corporate development with Brookfield’s forest products operations. Mr. Legault received a Bachelor of Accounting from the Université du Québec in Hull and is a member of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Canada (CPA, CA).




							Henrique Martins


					
							Mr. Henrique Martins is Chief Executive Officer - Brazil of the General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He provides oversight of Brookfield Renewable’s activities in Brazil, including growth, operations and funding and maintains responsibility for generation and development, including operations and maintenance, marketing, health and safety, legal, environmental and procurement activities. Mr. Martins received a degree in Economics from PUC University and his MBA from the University of Michigan.




							Jennifer Mazin


					
							Ms. Jennifer Alison Mazin is General Counsel of the General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. She provides oversight of Brookfield Renewable’s legal matters on a global basis, including transactional matters, corporate governance and public disclosure. Ms. Mazin received her Bachelor of Arts from the University of Western Ontario and her law degree from the University of Toronto. She is called to the bars of the State of New York and the Province of Ontario.




							David Mann


					
							Mr. David McDaniel Mann is Lead Independent Director of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He is formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Nova Scotia Power Inc. (1996-2004) and Vice Chairman (2004-2005) and President and Chief Executive Officer (1998-2004) of Emera Inc., TSX-listed energy and services companies that invest in electrical generation, transmission and distribution. Mr. Mann currently serves as Counsel at Cox & Palmer (a law firm) and has over 30 years of experience in the practice of corporate and commercial law, with a particular emphasis on corporate finance and public utility regulation. He also serves as Chairman of Logistec Corporation and is the Audit Committee Chairman of New Growth Corporation, Acadian Timber Corp. and Allbanc Split Corp II. Mr. Mann holds a Bachelor of Commerce and a Bachelor of Laws from Dalhousie University and a Master of Laws from the University of London, England.




							Lars Josefsson


					
							Prof. Lars G. Josefsson is Director of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He was formerly President and Chief Executive Officer of Vattenfall AB (2000-2010), Celsius AB (1997-2000) and various positions with Ericsson over a 24-year period. Mr. Josefsson is also a member of the boards of directors of Robert Bosch GmbH and Holmen AB and is Chairman of the board of directors of Burntisland Fabrication Ltd. He is also Chairman and Managing Partner of BioElectric Solutions LGJ AB, the founder of the Biomass for Electricity Initiative and Foundation and a member of the board of trustees of Hand in Hand International. Mr. Josefsson graduated from Chalmers University of Technology in Applied Physics with a Master of Science in 1973 and in 1986 graduated from IMD, Lausanne, PED. Mr. Josefsson is an Honorary Professor in Physics, Brandenburg Technical University, Cottbus, Germany.




							Eleazar de Carvalho Filho


					
							Mr. Eleazar de Carvalho Filho is Independent Director of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He is a founding partner of Virtus BR Partners, an independent advisory company. He was formerly the President and Managing Director of the Brazilian National Development Bank and has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Unibanco Investment Bank. Mr. de Carvalho Filho served as the non-executive Chairman of BHP Billiton Brazil (2006-2011) and served on the board of directors of Petrobras, Eletrobrás and Vale, among others. Mr. de Carvalho Filho is currently a director of Cnova N.V. He is also a director and audit committee member of TechnipFMC plc (formerly FMC Technologies, Inc.) and Grupo Pão de Açúcar. Mr. de Carvalho Filho is the President of the Board of Trustees of the Brazilian Symphony Orchestra. Mr. de Carvalho Filho holds a Master of Arts in International Relations from The Johns Hopkins University in Washington, D.C. and a Bachelor of Arts with a major in Economics from New York University.




							Louis Maroun


					
							Mr. Louis Joseph Maroun is Independent Director of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He was formerly the Executive Chairman of ING Real Estate Canada, and held executive positions in a number of real estate companies where he was responsible for overseeing operations, real estate transactions, asset and property management, as well as many other related functions. Mr. Maroun is a director of Brookfield Property Partners L.P. where he is a member of the Audit Committee and the chairperson of the Governance and Nominating Committee. Mr. Maroun is also Chairman of Sigma Real Estate Advisors and Sigma Capital Corporation and is on the board of directors and is Chairman of Summit Industrial Income REIT. Mr. Maroun graduated from the University of New Brunswick in 1972 with a Bachelor’s degree, majoring in psychology, followed by a series of post graduate studies in finance and mortgage underwriting. In January of 2007, Mr. Maroun was elected a Fellow of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors.




							John Van Egmond


					
							Mr. John Van Egmond is Independent Director of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. He is presently a financial consultant with Ozona Corporation (a general consulting company) in Tucson, Arizona. He was formerly the acting President and Chief Executive Officer and director of Wilshire Technologies, Inc. (located in Carlsbad, California) where he was responsible for all financial, operational, sales and marketing and human resource functions. Mr. Van Egmond was also the President of Century Power Corporation, an independent power producer based in Tucson, Arizona. Mr. Van Egmond is a Certified Public Accountant and received a Bachelor of Science in accounting in 1972 from Montana State University.




							Patricia Zuccotti


					
							Ms. Patricia L. Zuccotti is Independent Director of Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited, the Managing General Partner of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. She was formerly Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of Expedia, Inc. (2005-2011). Prior to joining Expedia, Ms. Zuccotti was the Director, Enterprise Risk Services of Deloitte & Touche LLP (2003-2005). Ms. Zuccotti is a director of Brookfield Business Partners L.P. where she is the Chair of the Audit Committee. Ms. Zuccotti is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive) and received her Masters of Business Administration, majoring in accounting and finance, from the University of Washington and a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in political science, from Trinity College.




							Claire Holland














					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Jeffrey Blidner

--




							Sachin Shah

--




							Nicholas Goodman

--




							Harry Goldgut

--




							Richard Legault

--




							Henrique Martins

--




							Jennifer Mazin

--




							David Mann

--




							Lars Josefsson

--




							Eleazar de Carvalho Filho

--




							Louis Maroun

--




							John Van Egmond

--




							Patricia Zuccotti

--




							Claire Holland

--



As Of 






					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Jeffrey Blidner

0
0




							Sachin Shah

0
0




							Nicholas Goodman

0
0




							Harry Goldgut

0
0




							Richard Legault

0
0




							Henrique Martins

0
0




							Jennifer Mazin

0
0




							David Mann

0
0




							Lars Josefsson

0
0




							Eleazar de Carvalho Filho

0
0




							Louis Maroun

0
0




							John Van Egmond

0
0




							Patricia Zuccotti

0
0




							Claire Holland

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataUtilitiesIndependent Power Producers





















Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP_u.TO)  Key Developments | Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Brookfield Renewable Partners LP (BEP_u.TO)











Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataUtilitiesIndependent Power Producers













                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				BEP_u.TO on Toronto Stock Exchange


				42.15CAD
26 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$42.15


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

159,598




52-wk High

$44.99


52-wk Low

$36.10











					Latest Key Developments (Source: Significant Developments)




Brookfield Renewable Partners Q2 FFO per LP unit $0.37
Thursday, 4 Aug 2016 06:45am EDT 
Brookfield Renewable Partners Lp  : Quarterly FFO per LP unit $0.37 . Quarterly normalized FFO per LP unit $0.61 . Q2 FFO per share view $0.70 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S .Q2 revenue $627 million versus I/B/E/S view $740.1 million. 
			
Full Article





Brookfield renewable announces C$800 mln equity offering
Monday, 6 Jun 2016 05:25pm EDT 
: Brookfield renewable partners LP says has agreed to issue 10.7 million L.P. Units at a price of c$37.55 per l.p. Unit .Brookfield renewable announces cdn$800 million equity offering. 
			
Full Article





Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP and Institutional partners to acquire 57.6 pct of outstanding common shares of Isagen S.A for $2.2 bln
Wednesday, 13 Jan 2016 10:02am EST 
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP:Has committed to acquire 57.6% of the outstanding common shares of Isagen s.a. from colombian government.Brookfield-led consortium will acquire 1,570,490,767 common shares of Isagen for approximately $2.2 billion.Says has $1.2 billion of available liquidity and will fund its commitment with available resources.Says purchase price of approximately US$1.38 per share.Brookfield renewable's equity commitment will be about US$243 million giving it an about 9% interest in Isagen. 
			
Full Article





Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP announces renewal of normal course issuer bid
Friday, 18 Dec 2015 05:10pm EST 
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP:Authorized to repurchase up to 7.1 million Units, representing approximately 5% of the issued and outstanding Units. 
			
Full Article





Brookfield Renewable Announces Closing of C$175 Million Preferred Unit Offering
Wednesday, 25 Nov 2015 08:12am EST 
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP:Says completion of its previously announced issue of Cumulative Minimum Rate Reset Class A Preferred Limited Partnership Units, Series 7 (the "Series 7 Preferred Units").offering was underwritten by a syndicate led by TD Securities Inc., CIBC, RBC Capital Markets and Scotiabank.Brookfield Renewable issued 7,000,000 Series 7 Preferred Units at a price of $25.00 per unit, for total gross proceeds of $175,000,000.Series 7 Preferred Units will commence trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange this morning under the ticker symbol BEP.PR.G. 
			
Full Article





Brookfield Renewable to Issue C$125 Million of Preferred Units
Tuesday, 17 Nov 2015 09:22am EST 
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP:Agreed to issue 5,000,000 Cumulative Minimum Rate Reset Class A Preferred Limited Partnership Units, Series 7 on a bought deal basis to a syndicate of underwriters led by TD Securities Inc., CIBC, RBC Capital Markets and Scotiabank for distribution to the public.Series 7 Preferred Units will be issued at a price of $25.00 per unit, for gross proceeds of $125,000,000.Holders of the Series 7 Preferred Units will be entitled to receive a cumulative quarterly fixed distribution yielding 5.50% annually for the initial period ending January 31, 2021.Thereafter, the distribution rate will be reset every five years at a rate equal to the greater of the 5-year Government of Canada bond yield plus 4.47%, and 5.50%. The Series 7 Preferred Units are redeemable on or after January 31, 2021.Brookfield Renewable intends to use net proceeds of the issue of Series 7 Preferred Units to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.offering of Series 7 Preferred Units is expected to close on or about November 25, 2015. 
			
Full Article





Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP to acquire 292 mw hydroelectric portfolio in Pennsylvania
Thursday, 8 Oct 2015 06:45am EDT 
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners LP:Says agreement to acquire hydroelectric portfolio in Pennsylvania from Talen Energy for $860 mln.Says will acquire and fund transaction with institutional partners and maintain an economic interest in the portfolio of about 40 pct.Portion of purchase price will be funded with third party investment grade, non-recourse financing expected to close concurrently with the transaction. 
			
Full Article





Previous
Next














					Brookfield Renewable Partners LP News



Japan's Mitsui to sell stake in UK's First Hydro
TOKYO, July 21 Japanese trading house Mitsui &
Co said on Friday it has agreed to sell its entire 25
percent stake in UK hydro power firm First Hydro to Brookfield
Renewable Partners L.P. for more than 5 billion yen
($45 million).

» More BEP_u.TO News






 Earnings vs.  Estimates





» More Financials















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataUtilitiesIndependent Power Producers
























    BEP.UN Key Statistics - Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.

                  TOR: CA:BEP.UN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
News
      
Charts
      



Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.




Quotes are delayed by 15 min
Jul 26, 2017, 4:00 p.m.


BEP.UN

/quotes/zigman/7517518/delayed


$
42.15




Change

-0.05
-0.12%

Volume
Volume 87,270
Quotes are delayed by 15 min








/quotes/zigman/7517518/delayed
Previous close

$
			42.20
		


$
				42.15
			
Change

-0.05
-0.12%





Day low
Day high
$42.02
$42.24










52 week low
52 week high

            $36.10
        

            $44.99
        

















			Company Description 


			Brookfield Renewable Partners LP owns, operates and develops renewable power generation facilities across North and South America. It operates through following segments: Hydroelectric, Wind and Other. The Hydroelectric segment provides facilities in the United States, Canada and Brazil. The Wind se...
		


                Brookfield Renewable Partners LP owns, operates and develops renewable power generation facilities across North and South America. It operates through following segments: Hydroelectric, Wind and Other. The Hydroelectric segment provides facilities in the United States, Canada and Brazil. The Wind segment provides facilities in the United States, Canada and Europe. The Other segment includes biomass and co-gen. The company was founded on June 27, 2011 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-138.48


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-107.39


Price to Sales Ratio
1.96


Price to Book Ratio
2.56


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
7.44


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
14.81


Enterprise Value to Sales
8.02


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.43

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
1,464,419.00


Income Per Employee
-12,792.00


Receivables Turnover
7.09


Total Asset Turnover
0.10

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.52


Quick Ratio
0.52


Cash Ratio
0.23



Profitability

Gross Margin
24.33


Operating Margin
21.76


Pretax Margin
-0.54


Net Margin
-0.87


Return on Assets
-0.09


Return on Equity
-0.61


Return on Total Capital
-0.17


Return on Invested Capital
-0.18

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
295.30


Total Debt to Total Capital
72.97


Total Debt to Total Assets
36.71


Long-Term Debt to Equity
265.31


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
65.56





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Jeffrey Miles Blidner 
68
2011
Executive Group Chairman



Mr. Sachin G. Shah 
-
2011
Chief Executive Officer



Ms. Jennifer  Mazin 
-
2014
Senior Vice President & General Counsel



Mr. David McDaniel Mann 
-
2011
Lead Independent Director



Ms. Patricia L. Zuccotti 
69
2011
Independent Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/ca/bep.un

      MarketWatch News on BEP.UN
    
No News currently available for BEP.UN





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/ca/bep.un

      Other News on BEP.UN
    
No News currently available for BEP.UN










At a Glance

Brookfield Renewable Partners LP
73 Front Street
5th Floor

Hamilton, HA HM 12




Phone
1 4412943304


Industry
Renewable Energy Generation


Sector
Companies on the Energy Service


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$3.19B


Net Income
$-27.82M


2016 Sales Growth 
52.9%


Employees

        2,175


Annual Report for BEP.UN











/news/pressrelease/company/ca/bep.un

      Press Releases on BEP.UN
    




 Brookfield Renewable Issues US$475 Million Project-Level Green Bond
12:19 p.m. July 12, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Completes CDN$550 Million Equity Offering
9:26 a.m. July 6, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Partners 2017 Second Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts
12:34 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Announces Quarterly Dividend Rate on Its Series 2 Preference Shares
6:55 a.m. July 4, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Announces CDN$550 Million Equity Offering
4:25 p.m. June 27, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Announces Renewal of Normal Course Issuer Bid for Preferred Shares
6:55 a.m. June 23, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Reports First Quarter Results
6:45 a.m. May 3, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Partners 2017 First Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts
8:01 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Announces Quarterly Dividend Rate on Its Series 2 Preference Shares
6:45 a.m. April 3, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable to Invest in 3,600 MW Global Renewable Power Portfolio
7:58 a.m. March 7, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable to Invest in 3,600 MW Global Renewable Power Portfolio
7:57 a.m. March 7, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Completes Annual Filings
10:55 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Completes Annual Filings
10:56 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Announces 2016 Results and 5% Distribution Increase
7:46 a.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Fourth Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts
10:02 a.m. Jan. 4, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Announces Quarterly Dividend Rate on Its Series 2 Preference Shares
7:45 a.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Renews Normal Course Issuer Bid
6:16 p.m. Dec. 21, 2016
 - Marketwired




 Brookfield Renewable Announces Third Quarter Results
6:46 a.m. Nov. 3, 2016
 - Marketwired




 Research Reports Initiated on Utilities Stocks Brookfield Renewable Partners, Pattern Energy, Atlantic Power, and Polaris Infrastructure
9:17 a.m. Oct. 4, 2016
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Third Quarter Conference Call and Webcast for Investors and Analysts
9:04 a.m. Oct. 4, 2016
 - Marketwired


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:41 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
3:04aFrance's CAC 40 opens 0.2% lower at 5,182.40 
3:03aU.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,436.13 
3:03aStoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 381.97
3:02aNestlé sales growth lags; profit rises on tax bump
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































 
Renewable - Brookfield Renewable











  

Skip Links



VISIT BROOKFIELD.COM







Main menu dropdown























Welcome to Brookfield Renewable’s operations website, which includes detailed information on our renewable assets and regional operating platforms. 
For information on Brookfield Renewable Partners, including investor information, please visit Brookfield Asset Management's website, www.brookfield.com
We own and operate one of the world’s largest renewable power portfolios, anchored by more than 215 hydroelectric facilities. With strong regional operating platforms in our core markets, we are able to leverage our local expertise to grow the business organically and through acquisition.
Our portfolio includes more than 250 renewable power facilities in North America, Latin America and Europe with a combined installed capacity exceeding 10,000 megawatts.





installed capacity
10,700 MW


Hydroelectric generation
88%


Operating Employees
2,000+


Power Markets
15









brookfield renewable
North America


Our hydro and wind portfolio provides nearly 6,000 MW of clean and renewable energy in 13 states and three provinces across North America.

Learn More







brookfield renewable
Latin America


We are one of the largest independent power producers in Latin America with over 4,000 MW of installed capacity diversified across 32 river systems.

Learn More







brookfield renewable
Europe


Our European business is a leading continental independent power producer with facilities across Ireland, the UK and Portugal.

Learn More


















Brookfield Renewable Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Brookfield Renewable Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Brookfield Renewable)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.





Type

Public


Traded as

TSX: BEP.UN
NYSE: BEP


Industry
Electricity generation


Genre
Independent Power Producer


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Sachin Shah, CEO; Richard Legault, Chairman


Total assets
US$28b[1]


Parent
Brookfield Asset Management


Subsidiaries
Great Lakes Power and Isagen S.A., among others[1]


Website
brookfield.com
bep.brookfield.com


Footnotes / references
[1]


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates renewable power assets with corporate headquarters in Toronto. It is 61% owned by Brookfield Asset Management.[2]
As of the end of 2016, Brookfield Renewable owned over 250 power facilities with more than 10,000 MW of installed capacity.[3]
Brookfield Asset Management, claims to have "more than 100 years of experience as an owner, operator and developer of hydroelectric power facilities." It was founded in the 1890s in Brazil, where the company installed the first electrical lights and tramways in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. [4]



Contents


1 Corporate structure

1.1 Brookfield Renewable Power fund
1.2 Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
1.3 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP


2 References
3 External links



Corporate structure[edit]
The company was established as Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners in 2011 when Brookfield Asset Management combined the hydroelectric stations and wind farms of the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund with those of  Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[5] The company changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners in 2016.[6]
Brookfield Renewable Power fund[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund originated as the Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund before changing its name in 2009.[7] Brookfield used its majority stake in Great Lakes Power as its primary vehicle to advance its interests in the renewable energy sector. When Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund completed its initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1999, Brookfield Asset Management (then known as EdperBrascan) owned 61% of outstanding units through its various subsidiaries.[8][9] Initially, Great Lakes Hydro's assets were limited to three hydroelectric facilities in Western Quebec with a combined capacity of 238MW.[9] By the end of 2008, the fund owned and operated 27 hydroelectric facilities and one wind farm with a cumulative capacity of 1,021MW.[10] These assets were spread across four jurisdictions: Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc. was a wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield Asset Management with a 50.01% share in Brookfield Renewable Power Fund. It was the subsidiary in which Brookfield Asset Management held all of its renewable energy assets, whereas the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund's scope was limited to the 1,652MW of generation capacity located in Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.[11]
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP[edit]
On September 13, 2011 Brookfield Asset Management and Brookfield Renewable Power Fund announced they intended to merge the Fund and the power generating assets owned by Brookfield Renewable Power Inc to form Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP.[12] [13] When the transaction closed, Brookfield Asset Management owned 73% of the combined entity, which trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol BEP-UN [14] and on the New York Stock Exchange as BEP. The new entity is the primary vehicle through which Brookfield acquires and operates renewable energy assets, with initial assets, and development projects in Canada, the US, and Brazil. The transaction closed on November 30, 2011.[15]
In 2012, the company and its investment partners bought four hydroelectric power plants in the southeastern U.S. from Alcoa for $600 million.[16]
In 2014, the company and its investment partners acquired a portfolio of wind power assets in Ireland, establishing its presence in Europe for a total enterprise value of approximately $960 million.[17]
In 2016, the company and its investment partners acquired a majority stake in Colombian power company Isagen, which operates Colombia’s largest hydropower plant, for approximately C$2.8 billion. [18] The company subsequently increased its interest to almost 100%.[19]
On May 10, 2016 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The stock symbol and CUSIP will remain the same.[20][21]
In March 2017, the company announced it would acquire a controlling interest in TerraForm Power and 100% of TerraForm Global, together representing a 3,600 MW global renewable power portfolio.[22]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). Brookfield. 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable completes C$800 million equity offering". Torys. 10 June 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ http://www.brookfieldpower.com/
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "TMX Montreal Exchange" (PDF). 9 May 2016. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ "Canada income fund to acquire 15 hydro projects from Brookfield". 9 July 2009. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ EdperBrascan Annual Report, 1999
^ a b Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 1999
^ Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 2008
^ Brookfield Renewable Power Fund Annual Report, 2009
^ Brookfield Announces Strategic Combination of its Renewable Power Businesses
^ "Brookfield to create renewable energy heavyweight". Reuters Canada. 13 September 2011. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ Brookfield Announces Launch of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P.
^ "UPDATE 1-Alcoa to sell hydropower project to Brookfield". Reuters. 2017-06-29. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable buys Ireland wind project portfolio". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield buys Colombia’s Isagen stake for $2.8-billion". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield ya es dueña del 99% de Isagén - RCN Radio". RCN Radio (in Spanish). 2016-09-08. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "NAME CHANGE" (PDF). TMX. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Company Overview of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.". Bloomberg. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable to Invest in 3,600 MW Global Renewable Power Portfolio". bep.brookfield.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 


External links[edit]

Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Brookfield_Renewable_Partners&oldid=788321464"					
Categories: Companies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeS&P/TSX Composite IndexPower companies of CanadaCompanies based in GatineauHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.

























 
Home - Brookfield Asset Management













  

Skip Links







Main menu dropdown



















We are a global alternative asset manager with more than 100 years of experience owning and operating real assets.

Learn More





Click to scroll down




Brookfield by the Numbers

115 
YEARS INVESTING IN REAL ASSETS


~$250B
UNDER MANAGEMENT GLOBALLY


700
INVESTMENT PROFESSIONALS


70,000
Operating Employees


30+
Countries













BROOKFIELD
Real Estate


We are one of the largest investors, owners, developers and operators of real estate globally, providing diversified exposure to the world’s most dynamic and resilient markets.

Learn More







BROOKFIELD
Infrastructure


We are one of the largest private sector infrastructure investors operating toll roads, ports, rail, pipelines and transmission lines, that deliver goods and services to communities around the world. 

Learn More







BROOKFIELD
Renewable Power


We operate one of the world’s largest pure-play renewable businesses, anchored by a core portfolio of more than 200 hydroelectric assets, as well as a number of wind farms. 

Learn More







BROOKFIELD
Private Equity


We own and operate high-quality businesses in the value chain of real assets, focusing on long-term growth and capital appreciation.

Learn More







The Brookfield Advantage





Global Presence
With more than a 100 offices in over 30 countries, our global network gives us extraordinary access to proprietary deal flow.


Large Scale Capital
Our strong balance sheet and ready access to large scale capital enables us to do transactions of a size that sets us apart.


Operational Expertise
We started as owners and operators of real assets, and continue to use our operational expertise to enhance cash flows, increase the value of underlying assets and produce solid long-term returns.


Contrarian Investors
Our experience shows us that the best opportunities are often found in out-of-favor regions or sectors.


Capital Preservation
Protecting the capital entrusted to us is at the forefront of how we think about risk, which means that we pursue a prudent and disciplined approach to investing and financing.


Alignment of Interests
Ensuring alignment of interests with our private fund investors is a priority for us: we are often one of the largest investors in our funds.















Latest News

Bloomberg TV Interview 
Bloomberg TV, May 2, 2017

Brookfield acquires gas station business from Loblaw 
Bloomberg, April 19, 2017

Bright outlook for real assets
Business Times, March 29, 2017


More News




Highlights



 
Brookfield profiled in May 2017 issue



A Compelling Case for Alternative Assets




Shareholder Letters 
First Quarter 2017


Brookfield Asset Management
Brookfield Property Partners
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners
Brookfield Renewable Partners
Brookfield Business Partners





Resources

Brookfield Brochure  


Brookfield ESG Brochure  















Brookfield Renewable Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Brookfield Renewable Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Brookfield Renewable)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.





Type

Public


Traded as

TSX: BEP.UN
NYSE: BEP


Industry
Electricity generation


Genre
Independent Power Producer


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Sachin Shah, CEO; Richard Legault, Chairman


Total assets
US$28b[1]


Parent
Brookfield Asset Management


Subsidiaries
Great Lakes Power and Isagen S.A., among others[1]


Website
brookfield.com
bep.brookfield.com


Footnotes / references
[1]


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates renewable power assets with corporate headquarters in Toronto. It is 61% owned by Brookfield Asset Management.[2]
As of the end of 2016, Brookfield Renewable owned over 250 power facilities with more than 10,000 MW of installed capacity.[3]
Brookfield Asset Management, claims to have "more than 100 years of experience as an owner, operator and developer of hydroelectric power facilities." It was founded in the 1890s in Brazil, where the company installed the first electrical lights and tramways in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. [4]



Contents


1 Corporate structure

1.1 Brookfield Renewable Power fund
1.2 Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
1.3 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP


2 References
3 External links



Corporate structure[edit]
The company was established as Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners in 2011 when Brookfield Asset Management combined the hydroelectric stations and wind farms of the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund with those of  Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[5] The company changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners in 2016.[6]
Brookfield Renewable Power fund[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund originated as the Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund before changing its name in 2009.[7] Brookfield used its majority stake in Great Lakes Power as its primary vehicle to advance its interests in the renewable energy sector. When Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund completed its initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1999, Brookfield Asset Management (then known as EdperBrascan) owned 61% of outstanding units through its various subsidiaries.[8][9] Initially, Great Lakes Hydro's assets were limited to three hydroelectric facilities in Western Quebec with a combined capacity of 238MW.[9] By the end of 2008, the fund owned and operated 27 hydroelectric facilities and one wind farm with a cumulative capacity of 1,021MW.[10] These assets were spread across four jurisdictions: Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc. was a wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield Asset Management with a 50.01% share in Brookfield Renewable Power Fund. It was the subsidiary in which Brookfield Asset Management held all of its renewable energy assets, whereas the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund's scope was limited to the 1,652MW of generation capacity located in Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.[11]
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP[edit]
On September 13, 2011 Brookfield Asset Management and Brookfield Renewable Power Fund announced they intended to merge the Fund and the power generating assets owned by Brookfield Renewable Power Inc to form Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP.[12] [13] When the transaction closed, Brookfield Asset Management owned 73% of the combined entity, which trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol BEP-UN [14] and on the New York Stock Exchange as BEP. The new entity is the primary vehicle through which Brookfield acquires and operates renewable energy assets, with initial assets, and development projects in Canada, the US, and Brazil. The transaction closed on November 30, 2011.[15]
In 2012, the company and its investment partners bought four hydroelectric power plants in the southeastern U.S. from Alcoa for $600 million.[16]
In 2014, the company and its investment partners acquired a portfolio of wind power assets in Ireland, establishing its presence in Europe for a total enterprise value of approximately $960 million.[17]
In 2016, the company and its investment partners acquired a majority stake in Colombian power company Isagen, which operates Colombia’s largest hydropower plant, for approximately C$2.8 billion. [18] The company subsequently increased its interest to almost 100%.[19]
On May 10, 2016 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The stock symbol and CUSIP will remain the same.[20][21]
In March 2017, the company announced it would acquire a controlling interest in TerraForm Power and 100% of TerraForm Global, together representing a 3,600 MW global renewable power portfolio.[22]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). Brookfield. 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable completes C$800 million equity offering". Torys. 10 June 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ http://www.brookfieldpower.com/
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "TMX Montreal Exchange" (PDF). 9 May 2016. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ "Canada income fund to acquire 15 hydro projects from Brookfield". 9 July 2009. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ EdperBrascan Annual Report, 1999
^ a b Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 1999
^ Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 2008
^ Brookfield Renewable Power Fund Annual Report, 2009
^ Brookfield Announces Strategic Combination of its Renewable Power Businesses
^ "Brookfield to create renewable energy heavyweight". Reuters Canada. 13 September 2011. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ Brookfield Announces Launch of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P.
^ "UPDATE 1-Alcoa to sell hydropower project to Brookfield". Reuters. 2017-06-29. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable buys Ireland wind project portfolio". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield buys Colombia’s Isagen stake for $2.8-billion". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield ya es dueña del 99% de Isagén - RCN Radio". RCN Radio (in Spanish). 2016-09-08. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "NAME CHANGE" (PDF). TMX. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Company Overview of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.". Bloomberg. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable to Invest in 3,600 MW Global Renewable Power Portfolio". bep.brookfield.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 


External links[edit]

Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Brookfield_Renewable_Partners&oldid=788321464"					
Categories: Companies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeS&P/TSX Composite IndexPower companies of CanadaCompanies based in GatineauHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







页面未找到 | Facebook



Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册页面无法显示链接可能损坏，或页面已移除返回上一页 · 前往动态消息 · 访问帮助中心中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017











Brookfield Renewable Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Brookfield Renewable Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Brookfield Renewable)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.





Type

Public


Traded as

TSX: BEP.UN
NYSE: BEP


Industry
Electricity generation


Genre
Independent Power Producer


Headquarters
Toronto, Ontario, Canada



Key people

Sachin Shah, CEO; Richard Legault, Chairman


Total assets
US$28b[1]


Parent
Brookfield Asset Management


Subsidiaries
Great Lakes Power and Isagen S.A., among others[1]


Website
brookfield.com
bep.brookfield.com


Footnotes / references
[1]


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. is a publicly traded limited partnership that owns and operates renewable power assets with corporate headquarters in Toronto. It is 61% owned by Brookfield Asset Management.[2]
As of the end of 2016, Brookfield Renewable owned over 250 power facilities with more than 10,000 MW of installed capacity.[3]
Brookfield Asset Management, claims to have "more than 100 years of experience as an owner, operator and developer of hydroelectric power facilities." It was founded in the 1890s in Brazil, where the company installed the first electrical lights and tramways in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. [4]



Contents


1 Corporate structure

1.1 Brookfield Renewable Power fund
1.2 Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
1.3 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP


2 References
3 External links



Corporate structure[edit]
The company was established as Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners in 2011 when Brookfield Asset Management combined the hydroelectric stations and wind farms of the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund with those of  Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[5] The company changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners in 2016.[6]
Brookfield Renewable Power fund[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund originated as the Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund before changing its name in 2009.[7] Brookfield used its majority stake in Great Lakes Power as its primary vehicle to advance its interests in the renewable energy sector. When Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund completed its initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange in 1999, Brookfield Asset Management (then known as EdperBrascan) owned 61% of outstanding units through its various subsidiaries.[8][9] Initially, Great Lakes Hydro's assets were limited to three hydroelectric facilities in Western Quebec with a combined capacity of 238MW.[9] By the end of 2008, the fund owned and operated 27 hydroelectric facilities and one wind farm with a cumulative capacity of 1,021MW.[10] These assets were spread across four jurisdictions: Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.[edit]
Brookfield Renewable Power Inc. was a wholly owned subsidiary of Brookfield Asset Management with a 50.01% share in Brookfield Renewable Power Fund. It was the subsidiary in which Brookfield Asset Management held all of its renewable energy assets, whereas the Brookfield Renewable Power Fund's scope was limited to the 1,652MW of generation capacity located in Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia, and New England.[11]
Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP[edit]
On September 13, 2011 Brookfield Asset Management and Brookfield Renewable Power Fund announced they intended to merge the Fund and the power generating assets owned by Brookfield Renewable Power Inc to form Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners, LP.[12] [13] When the transaction closed, Brookfield Asset Management owned 73% of the combined entity, which trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol BEP-UN [14] and on the New York Stock Exchange as BEP. The new entity is the primary vehicle through which Brookfield acquires and operates renewable energy assets, with initial assets, and development projects in Canada, the US, and Brazil. The transaction closed on November 30, 2011.[15]
In 2012, the company and its investment partners bought four hydroelectric power plants in the southeastern U.S. from Alcoa for $600 million.[16]
In 2014, the company and its investment partners acquired a portfolio of wind power assets in Ireland, establishing its presence in Europe for a total enterprise value of approximately $960 million.[17]
In 2016, the company and its investment partners acquired a majority stake in Colombian power company Isagen, which operates Colombia’s largest hydropower plant, for approximately C$2.8 billion. [18] The company subsequently increased its interest to almost 100%.[19]
On May 10, 2016 Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The stock symbol and CUSIP will remain the same.[20][21]
In March 2017, the company announced it would acquire a controlling interest in TerraForm Power and 100% of TerraForm Global, together representing a 3,600 MW global renewable power portfolio.[22]
References[edit]


^ a b c "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). Brookfield. 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable completes C$800 million equity offering". Torys. 10 June 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable Partners 2016 Annual Report" (PDF). 31 December 2016. Retrieved 15 May 2017. 
^ http://www.brookfieldpower.com/
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "TMX Montreal Exchange" (PDF). 9 May 2016. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ "Canada income fund to acquire 15 hydro projects from Brookfield". 9 July 2009. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ EdperBrascan Annual Report, 1999
^ a b Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 1999
^ Great Lakes Hydro Income Fund Annual Report, 2008
^ Brookfield Renewable Power Fund Annual Report, 2009
^ Brookfield Announces Strategic Combination of its Renewable Power Businesses
^ "Brookfield to create renewable energy heavyweight". Reuters Canada. 13 September 2011. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield to merge hydro power assets into global renewable energy powerhouse". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ Brookfield Announces Launch of Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P.
^ "UPDATE 1-Alcoa to sell hydropower project to Brookfield". Reuters. 2017-06-29. Retrieved 2017-01-19. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable buys Ireland wind project portfolio". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield buys Colombia’s Isagen stake for $2.8-billion". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "Brookfield ya es dueña del 99% de Isagén - RCN Radio". RCN Radio (in Spanish). 2016-09-08. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 
^ "NAME CHANGE" (PDF). TMX. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Company Overview of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.". Bloomberg. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ "Brookfield Renewable to Invest in 3,600 MW Global Renewable Power Portfolio". bep.brookfield.com. Retrieved 2017-05-16. 


External links[edit]

Brookfield Renewable Power Inc.
Brookfield Renewable Power Fund





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Brookfield_Renewable_Partners&oldid=788321464"					
Categories: Companies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeS&P/TSX Composite IndexPower companies of CanadaCompanies based in GatineauHidden categories: CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 20:07.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
