




  
	Soligenix Announces Appointment of Marco Maria Brughera to its Board of Directors - Soligenix




  





































































 


Home / Join Newsletter / Careers / Contact Us 


















Search









News & Events


October 21, 2013
Soligenix Announces Appointment of Marco Maria Brughera to its Board of Directors






00000Princeton, NJ – October 21, 2013 – Soligenix, Inc. (OTCQB: SNGX) (Soligenix or the Company), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing products to treat inflammatory diseases and biodefense medical countermeasures where there remains an unmet medical need, announced today the appointment of Marco Maria Brughera, DVM, Global Head of the Rare Disease Franchise for Sigma-Tau SpA, to its Board of Directors.
“We are pleased to welcome Dr. Brughera to the Soligenix Board,” stated Christopher J. Schaber, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Soligenix. “As Soligenix looks to advance its pipeline, we intend to leverage Dr. Brughera’s extensive experience in research and development, portfolio optimization and business development. We believe his outstanding record of achievement will add significantly to our already diverse and experienced Board of Directors and management team.  We look forward to his contributions to our future success, particularly as we move forward with our infectious disease and biodefense programs, including the development of OrbeShield™ in GI ARS under our recent BARDA and NIAID contract awards of up to $26.3M and $6.4M, respectively.”
Since January 2011, Dr. Brughera has held several positions for the Sigma-Tau Group, including Corporate Research and Development Managing Director of Sigma-Tau SpA, President of Sigma-Tau Research and Board Member of Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals.  From 2004 to 2010, Dr. Brughera served as the Vice President of Preclinical Development at Nerviano Medical Sciences (NMS), a pharmaceutical oncology-focused integrated discovery and development company.  He also served as the Managing Director at Accelera, an independent contract research organization with the NMS Group.  From 1999 to 2004, Dr. Brughera held several senior level positions in the areas of discovery and development toxicology with Pharmacia and Pfizer. Prior to 1999, he held various positions at Pharmacia & Upjohn and Farmitalia Carlo Erba SpA, an Italian pharmaceutical company. He currently serves on the Board of Gentium SpA.  Dr. Brughera earned his degree in veterinary medicine from the University of Milan and is a European Registered Toxicologist.
About Soligenix, Inc.
Soligenix is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing products to treat serious inflammatory diseases where there remains an unmet medical need, as well as developing several biodefense vaccines and therapeutics. Soligenix is developing proprietary formulations of oral BDP (beclomethasone 17,21-dipropionate) for the prevention/treatment of gastrointestinal disorders characterized by severe inflammation, including pediatric Crohn’s disease (SGX203), acute radiation enteritis (SGX201) and chronic Graft-versus-Host disease (orBec®), as well as developing its novel innate defense regulator (IDR) technology SGX942 for the treatment of oral mucositis.
Through its BioDefense Division, Soligenix is developing countermeasures pursuant to the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) Strategic Plan of 2011-2016 for inclusion in the US government’s Strategic National Stockpile. Soligenix’s lead biodefense products in development are a recombinant subunit vaccine called RiVax™, which is designed to protect against the lethal effects of exposure to ricin toxin and VeloThrax™, a vaccine against anthrax exposure. RiVax™ has been shown to be well tolerated and immunogenic in two Phase 1 clinical trials in healthy volunteers. Both RiVax™ and VeloThrax™ are currently the subject of a $9.4 million National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) grant supporting development of Soligenix’s new vaccine heat stabilization technology known as ThermoVax™.  Soligenix is also developing OrbeShield™ for the treatment of gastrointestinal acute radiation syndrome (GI ARS) under a BARDA contract award valued up to $26.3 million and a NIAID contract award valued up to $6.4 million. OrbeShield™ has previously demonstrated statistically significant preclinical survival results in a canine model of GI ARS funded by the NIAID.  Recently, Soligenix announced a worldwide exclusive collaboration with Intrexon Corporation that will focus on the joint development of a treatment for Melioidosis, a high priority biothreat and an area of unmet medical need.
For further information regarding Soligenix, Inc., please visit the Company’s Website at http://www.soligenix.com/.
This press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Soligenix, Inc.’s current expectations about its future results, performance, prospects and opportunities, including but not limited to, potential market sizes, patient populations and clinical trial enrollment.  Statements that are not historical facts, such as “anticipates,” “estimates,” “believes,” “intends,” “potential,” or similar expressions, are forward-looking statements.  These statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results in future periods to differ materially from what is expressed in, or implied by, these statements.  Soligenix cannot assure you that it will be able to successfully develop, achieve regulatory approval for or commercialize products based on its technologies, particularly in light of the significant uncertainty inherent in developing vaccines against bioterror threats conducting preclinical and clinical trials of vaccines, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing vaccines, that product development and commercialization efforts will not be reduced or discontinued due to difficulties or delays in clinical trials or due to lack of progress or positive results from research and development efforts, that it will be able to successfully obtain any further funding to support product development and commercialization efforts, including grants and awards, maintain its existing grants which are subject to performance, enter into any biodefense procurement contracts with the US Government or other countries, that it will be able to compete with larger and better financed competitors in the biotechnology industry, that changes in health care practice, third party reimbursement limitations and Federal and/or state health care reform initiatives will not negatively affect its business, or that the US Congress may not pass any legislation that would provide additional funding for the Project BioShield program.  These and other risk factors are described from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, Soligenix’s reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K.  Unless required by law, Soligenix assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events.
 
Soligenix Announces Appointment of Marco Maria Brughera to its Board of Directors 


soldevadm1n
October 21, 2013
News



Go Back

← Soligenix Announces Formation of International Melioidosis Scientific Advisory Board
Soligenix to Host Conference Call and Webcast Discussion on Oral Mucositis →













































 



 Soligenix Announces Appointment of Marco Maria Brughera to its Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Soligenix Announces Appointment of Marco Maria Brughera to its Board of Directors

Oct 21, 2013, 07:15 ET
		  		  							
						 from   Soligenix, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


PRINCETON, N.J., Oct. 21, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Soligenix, Inc. (OTCQB: SNGX) (Soligenix or the Company), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing products to treat inflammatory diseases and biodefense medical countermeasures where there remains an unmet medical need, announced today the appointment of Marco Maria Brughera, DVM, Global Head of the Rare Disease Franchise for Sigma-Tau SpA, to its Board of Directors.  
"We are pleased to welcome Dr. Brughera to the Soligenix Board," stated Christopher J. Schaber, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Soligenix. "As Soligenix looks to advance its pipeline, we intend to leverage Dr. Brughera's extensive experience in research and development, portfolio optimization and business development. We believe his outstanding record of achievement will add significantly to our already diverse and experienced Board of Directors and management team.  We look forward to his contributions to our future success, particularly as we move forward with our infectious disease and biodefense programs, including the development of OrbeShield™ in GI ARS under our recent BARDA and NIAID contract awards of up to $26.3M and $6.4M, respectively." 
Since January 2011, Dr. Brughera has held several positions for the Sigma-Tau Group, including Corporate Research and Development Managing Director of Sigma-Tau SpA, President of Sigma-Tau Research and Board Member of Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals.  From 2004 to 2010, Dr. Brughera served as the Vice President of Preclinical Development at Nerviano Medical Sciences (NMS), a pharmaceutical oncology-focused integrated discovery and development company.  He also served as the Managing Director at Accelera, an independent contract research organization with the NMS Group.  From 1999 to 2004, Dr. Brughera held several senior level positions in the areas of discovery and development toxicology with Pharmacia and Pfizer. Prior to 1999, he held various positions at Pharmacia & Upjohn and Farmitalia Carlo Erba SpA, an Italian pharmaceutical company. He currently serves on the Board of Gentium SpA.  Dr. Brughera earned his degree in veterinary medicine from the University of Milan and is a European Registered Toxicologist.
About Soligenix, Inc.
Soligenix is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing products to treat serious inflammatory diseases where there remains an unmet medical need, as well as developing several biodefense vaccines and therapeutics. Soligenix is developing proprietary formulations of oral BDP (beclomethasone 17,21-dipropionate) for the prevention/treatment of gastrointestinal disorders characterized by severe inflammation, including pediatric Crohn's disease (SGX203), acute radiation enteritis (SGX201) and chronic Graft-versus-Host disease (orBec®), as well as developing its novel innate defense regulator (IDR) technology SGX942 for the treatment of oral mucositis.   
Through its BioDefense Division, Soligenix is developing countermeasures pursuant to the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) Strategic Plan of 2011-2016 for inclusion in the US government's Strategic National Stockpile. Soligenix's lead biodefense products in development are a recombinant subunit vaccine called RiVax™, which is designed to protect against the lethal effects of exposure to ricin toxin and VeloThrax™, a vaccine against anthrax exposure. RiVax™ has been shown to be well tolerated and immunogenic in two Phase 1 clinical trials in healthy volunteers. Both RiVax™ and VeloThrax™ are currently the subject of a $9.4 million National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) grant supporting development of Soligenix's new vaccine heat stabilization technology known as ThermoVax™.  Soligenix is also developing OrbeShield™ for the treatment of gastrointestinal acute radiation syndrome (GI ARS) under a BARDA contract award valued up to $26.3 million and a NIAID contract award valued up to $6.4 million. OrbeShield™ has previously demonstrated statistically significant preclinical survival results in a canine model of GI ARS funded by the NIAID.  Recently, Soligenix announced a worldwide exclusive collaboration with Intrexon Corporation that will focus on the joint development of a treatment for Melioidosis, a high priority biothreat and an area of unmet medical need.
For further information regarding Soligenix, Inc., please visit the Company's website at www.soligenix.com. 
This press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Soligenix, Inc.'s current expectations about its future results, performance, prospects and opportunities, including but not limited to, potential market sizes, patient populations and clinical trial enrollment.  Statements that are not historical facts, such as "anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "intends," "potential," or similar expressions, are forward-looking statements.  These statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results in future periods to differ materially from what is expressed in, or implied by, these statements.  Soligenix cannot assure you that it will be able to successfully develop, achieve regulatory approval for or commercialize products based on its technologies, particularly in light of the significant uncertainty inherent in developing vaccines against bioterror threats conducting preclinical and clinical trials of vaccines, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing vaccines, that product development and commercialization efforts will not be reduced or discontinued due to difficulties or delays in clinical trials or due to lack of progress or positive results from research and development efforts, that it will be able to successfully obtain any further funding to support product development and commercialization efforts, including grants and awards, maintain its existing grants which are subject to performance, enter into any biodefense procurement contracts with the US Government or other countries, that it will be able to compete with larger and better financed competitors in the biotechnology industry, that changes in health care practice, third party reimbursement limitations and Federal and/or state health care reform initiatives will not negatively affect its business, or that the US Congress may not pass any legislation that would provide additional funding for the Project BioShield program.  These and other risk factors are described from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, Soligenix's reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K.  Unless required by law, Soligenix assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. 
 SOURCE  Soligenix, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.soligenix.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 28, 2013, 07:15 ET
Preview: Soligenix to Host Conference Call and Webcast Discussion on Oral Mucositis













Oct 17, 2013, 07:15 ET
Preview: Soligenix Announces Formation of International Melioidosis Scientific Advisory Board






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jun 19, 2017, 06:00 ET
Dusquetide Technology Platform to be Presented at the 2017 Drug...








Jun 19, 2017, 06:00 ET
Soligenix Receives Additional NIAID Funding to Advance...








Jun 19, 2017, 06:00 ET
Complete Efficacy and Long-Term Follow-Up Safety Results from...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 











Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















SNGX Marco Maria Brughera Insider Trades for Soligenix Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Soligenix Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SNGX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Soligenix Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 4:00 p.m.


SNGX

/quotes/zigman/81812769/composite


$
2.40




Change

-0.19
-7.34%

Volume
Volume 143,352
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/81812769/composite
Previous close

$
			2.59
		


$
				2.40
			
Change

-0.19
-7.34%





Day low
Day high
$2.37
$2.51










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.90
        

            $8.50
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Marco Maria Brughera



Dr. Marco M. Brughera is Independent Director at Soligenix, Inc., Chief Executive Officer at Prassis - Istituto di Ricerche Sigma-Tau SpA, President at Sigma-Tau Research Switzerland SA, President & Chief Executive Officer at Tecnogen SpA, Chief Executive Officer at Sigma Tau Pharma Ltd., Managing Director-Research & Development at Sigma-Tau Industrie Farmaceutiche Riunite SpA and President at Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He  is on the Board of Directors at Lee's Pharmaceutical Holdings Ltd. and Soligenix, Inc. Dr. Brughera was previously employed as Managing Director-Research & Development by Sigma-Tau Finanziaria SpA. He also served on the board at Gentium SpA, Sigma Tau Rare Diseases SA and Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He received his doctorate degree from the University of Milan.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value








        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Christopher J. Schaber 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Ms. Karen R. Krumeich 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Oreola  Donini 
Chief Scientific Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Richard C. Straube 
Chief Medical Officer & Senior Vice President




Dr. Rasappa  Arumugham 
Vice President-Biopharmaceutical Development




Mr. Adam T. Rumage 
VP-Regulatory Affairs & Project Management




Dr. Robert Joseph Rubin 
Independent Director




Mr. Gregg Anthony Lapointe 
Independent Director




Dr. Jerome B. Zeldis 
Independent Director




Mr. Keith L. Brownlie 
Independent Director




Dr. Marco Maria Brughera 
Independent Director
















Log In




4:22 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:11aHuawei smartphone shipments jump; revenue soars
4:09aFoxtons profit falls 64% as Brexit hits market
4:09aJust Eat profit jumps 46%; ups revenue guidance
4:03aFTSE 100 steady as AstraZeneca plunges, Diageo surges 
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Marco Maria Brughera profile | free company director check





















Company Director Check




UK Company Directors Reports, Free Company Director Check, Company Director Search






advanced search















UK


        		                     - 
                    
England

        		                     - 
                    
Greater London

        		                     - 
                    
City of London

        		                     - 
                    
Farringdon Without

        		                     - 
                    
Farringdon Without - EC1A 2









Marco Maria Brughera

            21 HOLBORN VIADUCT
LONDON
        











Director



    List of companies where Marco Maria Brughera was involved. Free company director check. Marco Maria Brughera

		 
			worked in SIGMA-TAU PHARMA LIMITED							 as 
									a Director.										










                    Active Directorships
0




                    Resigned Directorships
1




                    Closed Directorships
0




                    Total Directorships
1




Personal history








SIGMA-TAU PHARMA LIMITED
29 April 2013 - 22 July 2015








 


 














Director details





					  MARCO MARIA BRUGHERA 
					                    21 HOLBORN VIADUCT
LONDON

                        Nationality: ITALIAN


																Postcode: EC1A 2DY
Country of residence: ITALY 








Potentially the same person



MARCO MARIA BRUGHERA
                    21 HOLBORN VIADUCT, LONDON
                



Previous appointments



SIGMA-TAU PHARMA LIMITED



Click to show map















    					

                    Marco Maria Brughera worked as  a Director in  SIGMA-TAU PHARMA LIMITED


resigned
Company address: SIGMA-TAU PHARMA LIMITEDC/O BAXALTA UK LIMITED, 20 KINGSTON ROAD, STAINES, UNITED KINGDOM, TW18 4LG
Company documents







Company documents:  60 - buy documents



buy documents





Another directors in  SIGMA-TAU PHARMA LIMITED:



Name
Address


AMANDA MILLER
LONDON


MARCO CODELLA



ANDREA MONTEVECCHI
BOLOGNA


ANTONIO NICOLAI
ROMA


GIUSEPPE CODONESU



LESLEY SHARON ROCHE
BASINGSTOKE


MICHAEL FORD
HIGH WYCOMBE


MASSIMO MINEO
LONDON


GIANEMILIO NATHAN YOSEPH STERN
MILANO







People with surname BRUGHERA



ANGELO BRUGHERA - 20-22 WENLOCK ROAD, LONDON
                











Do you want us to keep you updated about changes for this person?Please insert your email address:












	Date of last update: 07 July 2016.
					Reload the data








	            © company director check, CompanyDirectorCheck.com
				Contact Us














		    	Disclaimer, listing policy:
		    	
				CompanyDirectorCheck.com provides details of current and historic companies (including registration details, accounts and director information) registered across England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
				When a limited company is incorporated, it has a legal obligation under the Companies Act to make all business details available for public inspection, including registration details, accounts and director information. We use this data to generate the records published on our websites. These records are publicly available from The Registrar of Companies (Companies House UK), in certain cases The Registry Trust and from various other company data websites.
				Limited company data is not subject to the Data Protection Act. There are no data protection regulations related to limited company data and no authorisations or permissions required with regards to its publication.
	    	







	Soligenix Announces Appointment of Marco Maria Brughera to its Board of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Soligenix (SNGX.OB) Announces Appointment of Marco Maria Brughera to its Board of Directors  











Tweet








10/21/2013 7:15:49 AM







PRINCETON, N.J., Oct. 21, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Soligenix, Inc. (OTCQB: SNGX) (Soligenix or the Company), a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing products to treat inflammatory diseases and biodefense medical countermeasures where there remains an unmet medical need, announced today the appointment of Marco Maria Brughera, DVM, Global Head of the Rare Disease Franchise for Sigma-Tau SpA, to its Board of Directors.  "We are pleased to welcome Dr. Brughera to the Soligenix Board," stated Christopher J. Schaber, PhD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Soligenix. "As Soligenix looks to advance its pipeline, we intend to leverage Dr. Brughera's extensive experience in research and development, portfolio optimization and business development. We believe his outstanding record of achievement will add significantly to our already diverse and experienced Board of Directors and management team.  We look forward to his contributions to our future success, particularly as we move forward with our infectious disease and biodefense programs, including the development of OrbeShield in GI ARS under our recent BARDA and NIAID contract awards of up to $26.3M and $6.4M, respectively." Since January 2011, Dr. Brughera has held several positions for the Sigma-Tau Group, including Corporate Research and Development Managing Director of Sigma-Tau SpA, President of Sigma-Tau Research and Board Member of Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals.  From 2004 to 2010, Dr. Brughera served as the Vice President of Preclinical Development at Nerviano Medical Sciences (NMS), a pharmaceutical oncology-focused integrated discovery and development company.  He also served as the Managing Director at Accelera, an independent contract research organization with the NMS Group.  From 1999 to 2004, Dr. Brughera held several senior level positions in the areas of discovery and development toxicology with Pharmacia and Pfizer. Prior to 1999, he held various positions at Pharmacia & Upjohn and Farmitalia Carlo Erba SpA, an Italian pharmaceutical company. He currently serves on the Board of Gentium SpA.  Dr. Brughera earned his degree in veterinary medicine from the University of Milan and is a European Registered Toxicologist.About Soligenix, Inc.Soligenix is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing products to treat serious inflammatory diseases where there remains an unmet medical need, as well as developing several biodefense vaccines and therapeutics. Soligenix is developing proprietary formulations of oral BDP (beclomethasone 17,21-dipropionate) for the prevention/treatment of gastrointestinal disorders characterized by severe inflammation, including pediatric Crohn's disease (SGX203), acute radiation enteritis (SGX201) and chronic Graft-versus-Host disease (orBec®), as well as developing its novel innate defense regulator (IDR) technology SGX942 for the treatment of oral mucositis.   Through its BioDefense Division, Soligenix is developing countermeasures pursuant to the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) Strategic Plan of 2011-2016 for inclusion in the US government's Strategic National Stockpile. Soligenix's lead biodefense products in development are a recombinant subunit vaccine called RiVax, which is designed to protect against the lethal effects of exposure to ricin toxin and VeloThrax, a vaccine against anthrax exposure. RiVax has been shown to be well tolerated and immunogenic in two Phase 1 clinical trials in healthy volunteers. Both RiVax and VeloThrax are currently the subject of a $9.4 million National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) grant supporting development of Soligenix's new vaccine heat stabilization technology known as ThermoVax.  Soligenix is also developing OrbeShield for the treatment of gastrointestinal acute radiation syndrome (GI ARS) under a BARDA contract award valued up to $26.3 million and a NIAID contract award valued up to $6.4 million. OrbeShield has previously demonstrated statistically significant preclinical survival results in a canine model of GI ARS funded by the NIAID.  Recently, Soligenix announced a worldwide exclusive collaboration with Intrexon Corporation that will focus on the joint development of a treatment for Melioidosis, a high priority biothreat and an area of unmet medical need.For further information regarding Soligenix, Inc., please visit the Company's website at www.soligenix.com. This press release contains forward-looking statements that reflect Soligenix, Inc.'s current expectations about its future results, performance, prospects and opportunities, including but not limited to, potential market sizes, patient populations and clinical trial enrollment.  Statements that are not historical facts, such as "anticipates," "estimates," "believes," "intends," "potential," or similar expressions, are forward-looking statements.  These statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results in future periods to differ materially from what is expressed in, or implied by, these statements.  Soligenix cannot assure you that it will be able to successfully develop, achieve regulatory approval for or commercialize products based on its technologies, particularly in light of the significant uncertainty inherent in developing vaccines against bioterror threats conducting preclinical and clinical trials of vaccines, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing vaccines, that product development and commercialization efforts will not be reduced or discontinued due to difficulties or delays in clinical trials or due to lack of progress or positive results from research and development efforts, that it will be able to successfully obtain any further funding to support product development and commercialization efforts, including grants and awards, maintain its existing grants which are subject to performance, enter into any biodefense procurement contracts with the US Government or other countries, that it will be able to compete with larger and better financed competitors in the biotechnology industry, that changes in health care practice, third party reimbursement limitations and Federal and/or state health care reform initiatives will not negatively affect its business, or that the US Congress may not pass any legislation that would provide additional funding for the Project BioShield program.  These and other risk factors are described from time to time in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, but not limited to, Soligenix's reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-K.  Unless required by law, Soligenix assumes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information or future events. SOURCE  Soligenix, Inc.

Help employers find you! Check out all the jobs and post your resume.






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
FDA Grants Soligenix (SNGX.OB) Orphan Drug Designation for SGX94 for Treatment of Acute Radiation Syndrome  Investor Calls on XenoPort, Inc. (XNPT) to Change Focus, Oust CEO  Soligenix (SNGX.OB) Awarded National Institute of Allergy And Infectious Diseases (NIAID) Contract Valued up to $6.4 Million for the Development of OrbeShield in GI ARS  Glide Pharma Appoints Bryan G Morton as Chairman and Announces Board Changes  Soligenix (SNGX.OB) Awarded Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) Contract Valued Up to $26.3 Million for Advanced Development of OrbeShield in GI ARS  Simcere Pharmaceutical Group Hires Former GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) R&D Exec Embroiled in Data Scandal  Soligenix (SNGX.OB) Appoints Oreola Donini, PhD, as Vice President of Preclinical Research and Development  VIVUS, Inc. (VVUS) President to Quit Oct. 12  Soligenix (SNGX.OB) Completes Phase 1 Clinical Study With SGX203 for the Treatment of Pediatric Crohn's Disease  Bayer AG (BAYN.DE) Snags Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Exec for Head of Healthcare Post  




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Soligenix




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 































	Login | Evaluate























































Retrieving Data







					You are a  user.
				

					The feature you are trying to access  Subscribers.
				

Please Register to access this feature or log in if you are a Subscriber,
						or if you have already Registered. 



						Please click the following link to register and submit an upgrade request, so that
						a member of our sales team can contact you to discuss your requirements.
					

Register and Upgrade




						Please click the 'Request Upgrade' button to log your details so that a member of
						our sales team can contact you to discuss your additional requirements.
					






















					Your request to access this feature is pending.
				

					You have already logged a callback request. A member of our team will contact you
					to discuss your access level.
				

View My Contact Details  
					







					This feature is not yet available.
				

					We have already attempted to contact you following your recent request.
				

					We will try and call you again shortly but in the meantime please check that your
					contact details are correct and up to date or if you prefer please contact us.
				

View My Contact Details  
					Contact Us






				Retrieving...
			

				EP Vantage brings a fresh view on pharma and biotech with incisive daily analysis,
				powered by Evaluate Ltd.
			


					You are a subscriber to the full Evaluate Ltd. service.
				

					Click
					here
					to login to the subscribers' welcome page.
				

      
					No, I do not want to log in now
Don't
					remind me again
				



					You are currently accessing our secondary server
				

					Although the site contains up to date data, some features are unfortunately not available on the secondary server.
					We apologise for any inconvenience this may cause.
				







						Close





ECommerce Support


							If you would prefer to speak to a member of our sales team please call us on 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Alternatively, if you are experiencing problems with an existing order a member
							of our support team will be happy to assist you. Call 
							+44 (0)20 7377 0800


							Telephone lines are open Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm London Time.
						

							Alternatively, send an email to chrissie.pennock@evaluategroup.com











Close



Shopping Cart



Fetching cart contents. Please wait.
















										Please register your details with us to complete your purchase or click Login if you have already registered with us.

   
										











                    	Close




Report Summary


							Retrieving report details...
						








Share with a colleague
								   
								Show Report Description







This report has already been purchased and is available
									to view now
									or you may purchase the report again for the latest data.
								



									You have already purchased this report but a problem is preventing you from
									accessing the information it contains. Before calling a member of our support team,
									please attempt to regenerate your report again from your
								
purchase history
page.

Add this item to my basket

or

									Regenerate for free

This item has already been added to your cart

								Regenerating Content   
								







								Please complete the fields below




Recipient's Email



  * Required




Your Email



  * Required




Your Name



  * Required




Optional Message












Sending Email  
							



								An email has been successfully sent
							

Return to Report Summary



Failed to Send






Return to Report Summary




Failed to retrieve further details for this product.



							The item has successfully been added to your cart.
						




							Your selected reports will remain in your cart for 7 days

















				You have succeeded in buying the report(s), however you haven't generated your report(s) yet. Please go to Purchase History to generate your ordered report(s) now.
			







Site Maintenance Planned
The website will be unavailable on Thursday 25 April from 12:00pm for routine maintenance.
Please save your work and log out before then



            Remind me later
        


X
Got it






























Marco Maria Brughera DVM: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 4:22 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Sigma-Tau Pharma Limited UK



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Marco Maria Brughera DVMChief Executive Officer and Global Head, Sigma-Tau Pharma Limited UKAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships62--
Background

		Dr. Marco Maria Brughera, DVM, serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Global Head at Sigma-Tau Pharma Limited UK. Mr. Brughera has been the Managing Director of Corporate Research & Development at Sigma-Tau Group since joining in 2011 and also serves as its Chief Executive Officer and Global Head of the Rare Disease Business Unit. At Sigma-Tau, he manages the global R&D portfolio including several programs in research, preclinical, clinical and registration stages. ... He serves as the Chairman and President of Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Sigma-Tau Research. He has over 25 years of experience and management in research and development and operations in the healthcare industry. He joining Sigma-Tau in 2011 as Managing Director of its Corporate R&D Division. From 2004 to 2010, he served as the Vice President of Preclinical Development at Nerviano Medical Sciences (NMS), a pharmaceutical oncology-focused integrated discovery and development company. He took charge of Sigma-Tau’s Rare Disease Franchise in October 2012. He also served as the Managing Director at Accelera, an independent contract research organization with the NMS Group. From 1999 to 2004, he held several senior level positions in the areas of discovery and development toxicology with Pharmacia and Pfizer. Prior to 1999, he held various positions at Pharmacia & Upjohn and Farmitalia Carlo Erba SpA, an Italian pharmaceutical company. He has been a Non Executive Director at Lee's Pharmaceutical Holdings Ltd. since December 29, 2014. He has been a Director of Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc. since August 11, 2016 and Soligenix, Inc. since October 21, 2013. He serves on the Board of Biopharmaceutical Company. He served as a Member of the Board of Directors at Gentium S.p.A from December 2011 to January 24, 2014. He has authored more than 60 publications. Dr. Brughera earned his Degree in Veterinary Medicine from the University of Milan and accreditations from institutions including the Thunderbird School of Global Management. He is a European Registered Toxicologist.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
Amberley HouseWindsor, Berkshire SL4 1DNUnited KingdomPhone: 44 1753 751 010Fax: 44 1753 860 328
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentDirectorSoligenix, Inc.2014-PresentNon-Executive DirectorLee's Pharmaceutical Holdings Limited2016-PresentDirectorFennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Education
Unknown/Other Education Universita' degli Studi di Milano
Other Affiliations
Soligenix, Inc.Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc.Universita' degli Studi di MilanoLee's Pharmaceutical Holdings LimitedGentium S.p.A


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sigma-Tau Pharma Limited UK, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























