

Lynne H. Brum: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 5:05 AM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Lynne H. Brum  VP - Planning & Communications and Secretary, Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 4 different industries.53$428,775As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Lynne H. Brum has been Vice President of Planning and Communications at Metabolix, Inc. since October 2016 and serves as its Secretary. Ms. Brum served as Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Communications at Metabolix, Inc. since November 2011 until October 2016. Ms. Brum serves as an Advisor of OnePIN, Inc. She served as an Executive Vice President of Porter Novelli Life Sciences since 2007. She served as Vice President of Strategic Communications of Vertex ... Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (a holding Company of Aurora Biosciences Corporation) since January 2006 and its Vice President of Corporate communications & Financial Planning from November 2003 to 2006; Vice President of Corporate Development & Communications from December 2001 to 2003; Vice President of Corporate Communications & Market Development since January 2001 and as its Vice President of Corporate Communications from 1998 to January 2001. She joined Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated as Director of Corporate Communications in 1994. She served as Vice President of Feinstein Kean Healthcare. Ms. Brum served in Corporate Communications and research positions at Biogen, Inc. She has 20 years of experience in the areas including corporate branding and positioning, investor relations, scientific and product communications, patient advocacy, crisis communications, M&A communications and employee communications. She served as a Member of the Board of Directors of Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc., from January 2004 to June 9, 2006. Ms. Brum holds an M.B.A. from the Simmons Graduate School of Management and a B.A. in Biological Sciences from Wellesley College.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
19 Presidential WayWoburn, Massachusetts 01801United StatesPhone: 617-583-1700Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BA Wellesley CollegeMBA Simmons Graduate School of Business Management
Other Affiliations
Aurora Biosciences CorporationVertex Pharmaceuticals IncorporatedAltus Pharmaceuticals Inc.Wellesley CollegePorter Novelli Life Sciences LLCSimmons Graduate School of Business ManagementOnePIN, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$220,000Total Annual Compensation$220,000
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$11,925Exercisable Options$14,999Unexercisable Options$500,834Total Number of Options$515,833
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$231,925Total Short Term Compensation$220,000Other Long Term Compensation$11,925Total Calculated Compensation$428,775




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationMamoru  Kadokura President & Representative Director Kaneka Corporation--Jun  Suzuki Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Advisory Board and Representative Director Teijin Limited$104.0MTjerk  de Ruiter Chief Executive Officer and Member of Management BoardCorbion N.V.$888.0KKohei  Morikawa CEO, President & Representative DirectorShowa Denko K.K.--Thierry  Le Hénaff Chairman and Chief Executive OfficerArkema S.A.$2.1MCompensation as of Fiscal Year --.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Yield10 Bioscience, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Lynne Brum, Yield10 Bioscience Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Lynne Brum

VP:Planning & Communications,
Yield10 Bioscience Inc






Career History




VP:Planning & Communications
Yield10 Bioscience Inc, 1/2017-PRESENT


VP:Marketing & Communications
Metabolix Inc, 10/2016-1/2017


VP:Marketing & Communications
Metabolix Inc, 11/2011-10/2016


Vice President
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc, 1/2001-12/2001


Vice President
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc, 1998-1/2001


Director
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc, 1994-1998


VP:Corp Communications
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc, 12/2001-UNKNOWN


Vice President
Feinstein Kean Healthcare, FORMER


Executive
Biogen Inc, FORMER


Executive Vice President
Porter Novelli Intl, FORMER


VP:Strategic Communications
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.yield10bio.com






Corporate Information
Address:

19 Presidential Way
Woburn, MA 01801
United States


Phone:
1-617-583-1700


Fax:
1-617-583-1768


Web url:
www.yield10bio.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Wellesley College
Bachelor's Degree


Simmons School of Management
Master's Degree, Business Administration








Memberships



Board Memberships




Altus Biologics Inc


Board Member, 1/2004-PRESENT




Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, FORMER









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































BRUM LYNNE H Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BRUM LYNNE H
                    

•   CAMBRIDGE, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Brum Lynne H is based out of Cambridge.    WhaleWisdom has at least 3 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Brum Lynne H. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BRUM LYNNE H, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




brum lynne h


21 ERIE STREET

CAMBRIDGE
MA
                                                        
                                                    02139


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      617-583-1700
SEC SIC CODE:3080-MISCELLANEOUS PLASTICS PRODUCTS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 04/04/2017
4 filed on 10/28/2016
4 filed on 04/05/2016
4 filed on 06/23/2015
4 filed on 04/03/2015
4 filed on 06/03/2013
4 filed on 12/04/2012
4 filed on 06/04/2012
3 filed on 11/21/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free


























Lynne H. Brum - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Lynne H. Brum
Vice President, Planning and Communications at Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Lynne H. Brum? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Lynne H. Brum's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Lynne H. Brum's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Lynne H. Brum's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Lynne H. Brum through your network of contacts.
												








Lynne H. Brum's Executive Work History


Current


Vice President, Planning and Communications, 
Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.


Past
To view Lynne H. Brum's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.A., 
															Wellesley College


														 M.B.A., 
															Simmons College


Age
53

 
 


Lynne H. Brum's Biography



Lynne H. Brum has served as Vice President, Planning and Communications since October 2016. She joined the Company in November 2011 as Vice President, Marketing and Corporate Communications. Prior to joining the Company, in 2010 to 2011 she was a communications consultant and served in various roles including as a freelance project director for Seidler Bernstein Inc. Ms. Brum served from 2007 to 2009 as an Executive Vice President at Porter Novelli Life Sciences, a subsidiary of global PR firm, Porter Novelli International. Prior to that, Ms. Brum was responsible for corporate communications, investor relations and brand management for Vertex ...
(Read More)

			Lynne H. Brum has served as Vice President, Planning and Communications since October 2016. She joined the Company in November 2011 as Vice President, Marketing and Corporate Communications. Prior to joining the Company, in 2010 to 2011 she was a communications consultant and served in various roles including as a freelance project director for Seidler Bernstein Inc. Ms. Brum served from 2007 to 2009 as an Executive Vice President at Porter Novelli Life Sciences, a subsidiary of global PR firm, Porter Novelli International. Prior to that, Ms. Brum was responsible for corporate communications, investor relations and brand management for Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 1994 to 2007 in various positions, including Vice President of Strategic Communications. Ms. Brum was also a vice president at Feinstein Kean Healthcare and was part of the communications team at   Biogen, Inc.. Ms. Brum holds a bachelor's degree in biological sciences from Wellesley College and a master's degree in business administration from Simmons College's School of Management.
		
Source: Yield10 Bioscience, Inc. on 04/12/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Lynne H. Brum's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Lynne H. Brum. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Lynne H. Brum's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Lynne H. Brum's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Lynne H. Brum through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Lynne H. Brum


















Lynne H. Brum's Connections (71)





Sign up now to view Lynne H. Brum's 71 connections »









N. Anthony Coles
Board Member, McKesson Corporation









Ian F. Smith
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated









Richard H. Aldrich
Board Member, OvaScience, Inc.









Peter Mueller
Former Employee, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated









Joshua S. Boger
Board Member, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated









John P. Richard
Board Member, Aviragen Therapeutics, Inc.









Elaine S. Ullian
Independent Lead Director, Hologic, Inc.









Eric K. Brandt
Chairman of the Board, Yahoo! Inc.









Barbara H. Wells
Former Board Member, Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.









Stephen J. Large
Former Group President, General Manager, Full-Valu/Specialty, H.B. Fuller








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















	1 Appoints Lynne H Brum To Its Board Of Directors













































Employer:
Login
Post Jobs


Job Seeker:
Login
Sign Up

























Search Life Sciences Jobs





Search Job Title Only












Radius:
Miles



Km80.5
















                 News | News By Subject | News by Disease |  
    News By Date | Search News



















Get Our FREEIndustry eNewsletter

email:


*
            
*
            



















 

 






Altus Biologics, Inc. Appoints Lynne H. Brum To Its Board Of Directors











Tweet








10/19/2005 5:10:56 PM


 CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--April 15, 2004--Altus(R) Biologics Inc. announced today that Lynne H. Brum has been appointed to its Board of Directors. Ms. Brum is an executive officer of Vertex Pharmaceuticals and a member of the Vertex Pharmaceuticals senior management team. 

 "Lynne brings to Altus's Board a wealth of experience in the strategy and execution of initiatives that are vital to the success of innovative, high-growth companies," said Peter Lanciano, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of Altus. "As Altus transitions to focus on the development of multiple products for gastrointestinal and metabolic diseases, Lynne's strategic planning abilities and expertise in corporate communications and finance will play a critical role in supporting our efforts."   Ms. Brum is Vertex's Vice President of Corporate Communications and Financial Planning. In this capacity, she leads the Company's financial planning group as well as its corporate communications, investor relations and media relations initiatives. During her tenure at Vertex, she has held a variety of management positions in corporate communications, product marketing and corporate development. Ms. Brum has more than 16 years experience in the biotech industry leading the areas of investor relations, product communications, financial planning and financing. Ms. Brum joined Vertex in 1994 from Feinstein Kean Healthcare. Ms. Brum holds an M.B.A. from the Simmons Graduate School of Management, and a B.A. in biological sciences from Wellesley College. 

Altus is a pharmaceutical company that uses its proprietary protein crystallization technology to develop innovative, orally delivered enzyme replacement therapies to treat a number of significant unmet medical needs in the areas of gastrointestinal and metabolic diseases. Altus' protein crystallization technology, known as Crystalomics(TM), enables the rapid commercialization of high-value orally delivered protein-based products by creating highly stable and potent protein therapeutics. The technology enables oral delivery of the protein to the gastrointestinal tract to provide a localized or topical effect within the gastrointestinal lumen. These products are novel therapies that are designed to be safe, effective and convenient for patients. Through its product portfolio, the Company's vision is to be the worldwide leader in the rapid and efficient development of valuable oral enzyme replacement therapies for the treatment of gastrointestinal and metabolic diseases. The Company has a series of products in various stages of research and development, all leveraging the Crystalomics technology. Altus has numerous development partners and is constantly evaluating the opportunity to expand its product development efforts through partnering opportunities.    Contacts          Altus Biologics Inc. Robert Gallotto, 617-299-2952 rgallotto@altus.com     






                Read at
                BioSpace.com







Related News
Altus Biologics, Inc. Earns Milestone In Cystic Fibrosis Foundation CollaborationNorth Carolina Lures New Merck & Co. (MRK) Plant With Incentives; $28.1 Million; 200 New JobsAltus Biologics, Inc. Receives FDA Fast Track Designation For TheraCLECMeridian Venture Partners Funds Buy-Out Of Liquids Pharmaceutical Company; New CEO To Transform The Company Into Specialty Pharmaceutical PlayerAltus Biologics, Inc. Appoints Dr. Anton Hoos Vice President Of Pharmaceutical DevelopmentStart-Up Company Gloucester Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Appoints Joseph S. "Jay" Mohr President And Chief Executive Officer; Company's Initial Funding Provided By Apple Tree PartnersDuPont (DD) To Cut 3,500 Jobs In Bid To Save $900 MillonNeoRx Corporation (NERX) Sells Pretarget Intellectual Property To Aletheon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; $6.6 Million; NeoRx Announces Resignation Of Vice President, FinanceBoston Scientific CEO Says Not Returning To BaxterDiversa Corporation (DVSA) Release: Planned Departure Of CFO Announced




Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus






















                            •
                            BioSpace.com










                            •
                            Altus Pharmaceuticals Inc.




             
        





                            •
                            Biotech/Pharma - Personnel




             
        















                              
                            

                              
                             
                              
                            

                              
                            








                 





























 



Lynne Brum, Secretary, Onepin, Inc. | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Lynne Brum


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Lynne Brum

Alias or nickname



Secretary, Onepin, Inc.



Add Current Location



Find other people named Lynne Brum




General Info


Add Industry— eg, Real Estate, Finance...



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Lynne H. Brum – Secretary
 Vice President, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, Cambridge, MA
 Lynne is Vice President of Corporate Communications and Market Development at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Vertex is a leading emerging pharmaceutical company with one therapeutic product on the market and eight in clinical trials. At Vertex she manages all of the company’s investor relations, media relations and product communications activities. Lynne has played a key role in the strategy and execution of Vertex’s financing activities including three common stock offerings totaling $270 million as well as the company’s recent $175 million offering of subordinated convertible notes. From 1994 to March 2000, Vertex’s market capitalization increased from $300 million to $2 billion. Lynne joined Vertex in 1994 from Feinstein Kean Partners Inc. (FKP), a corporate communications and investor relations consulting firm where she was a vice president. The practice focused on private and newly public biotech companies. Previously, she held corporate communications and research positions at Biogen, Inc. Lynne has fourteen years experience specializing in corporate and strategic communications for biotechnology companies.
Lynne holds a Masters of Business Administration from the Simmons Graduate School of Management, and a B.A. in Biological Sciences from Wellesley College.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Lynne Brums on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Onepin, Inc.

Secretary

May-2013




Onepin, Inc.

Vice President of Corporate Communications and Market Development

May-2013 to May-2013




Onepin, Inc.

Vice President, Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated

May-2013 to May-2013




EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Onepin, Inc.








Marie Epstein

Vice President, Finance & Administration









Ilkay Ugdul

Business Development Manager, Europe









Jeff Schiebe

VP Sales and Marketing









Joseph Winn

Member









Marcin Nowak

Chief Software Engineer









Michael Shanahan

Member









Feyzi Celik

President
 Chief Executive Officer









Chris DeGrace

Vice President, Products & Alliances









Boston , MA 02111

Corporate Counsel
















Created on Dec 10, 2007


by Spoke
 







Edited on Dec 10, 2007


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

25%




Career




Summary




Add Education



Add a Website or Blog



Add a Social Network



Add a Photo



Add a Video



Add 3 Achievements



Add 3 Notable Links



Add an Industry



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1003704a12" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/lynne-brum-3e1429c09e597c1003704a12">Lynne Brum</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Lynne.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More


 



Metabolix Appoints Lynne H. Brum to Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Communications | Business Wire
























































Metabolix Appoints Lynne H. Brum to Vice President of Marketing and 
      Corporate Communications






January 05, 2012 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Metabolix, 
      Inc. (NASDAQ: MBLX), a bioscience company focused on developing 
      clean, sustainable solutions for plastics, chemicals and energy, today 
      announced that Lynne H. Brum has joined the company as vice president of 
      marketing and corporate communications and a member of the executive 
      management team. Ms. Brum is responsible for overseeing all aspects of 
      the company’s marketing and corporate communications initiatives.
    


      “Lynne brings a passion for both science and communications to her role 
      at Metabolix,” said Richard P. Eno, president and CEO of Metabolix. “Her 
      communications expertise in the life sciences industry will be a 
      valuable asset to the company as we build awareness across our 
      bioplastic, chemical and crop platforms.”
    

      Ms. Brum has more than 20 years of experience leading communications 
      programs for technology-based life science companies. Prior to joining 
      Metabolix, she served as an executive vice president at Porter Novelli 
      Life Sciences — a subsidiary of global PR firm, Porter Novelli 
      International. Prior to that, Ms. Brum was responsible for corporate 
      communications, investor relations and brand management in her role as 
      vice president of strategic communications for Vertex Pharmaceuticals, 
      Inc. Ms. Brum was also a vice president at Feinstein Kean Healthcare and 
      was part of the communications team at Biogen, Inc. (now Biogen Idec).
    

      Ms. Brum holds a bachelor’s degree in biological sciences from Wellesley 
      College and a master’s degree in business administration from Simmons 
      College’s School of Management.
    

About Metabolix


      Founded in 1992, Metabolix, Inc. is an innovation-driven bioscience 
      company focused on providing sustainable solutions for the world’s needs 
      for plastics, chemicals and energy. The Company is taking a systems 
      approach, from gene to end product, integrating sophisticated 
      biotechnology with advanced industrial practice. Metabolix is now 
      developing and commercializing Mirel™, a family of high performance 
      bioplastics which are biobased and biodegradable alternatives to many 
      petroleum-based plastics, through Telles, a joint venture of Metabolix 
      and Archer Daniels Midland Company. Metabolix is also developing 
      biosourced industrial chemicals and a proprietary platform technology 
      for co-producing plastics, chemicals and energy, from crops such as 
      switchgrass, oilseeds and sugarcane.
    

      For more information, please visit www.metabolix.com. 
      (MBLX-G)
    


Contacts

Media:Schwartz MSLKeith Giannini or Jen Barlow, 
      781-684-0770metabolix@schwartzmsl.comorInvestors:ICRJames 
      Palczynski, 203-682-8229james.palczynski@icrinc.com














Release Summary
Metabolix announced that Lynne H. Brum has joined the company as vice president of marketing and corporate communications.






Contacts

Media:Schwartz MSLKeith Giannini or Jen Barlow, 
      781-684-0770metabolix@schwartzmsl.comorInvestors:ICRJames 
      Palczynski, 203-682-8229james.palczynski@icrinc.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Metabolix Appoints Lynne H. Brum to Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Communications (NASDAQ:YTEN)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














January 5, 2012

Metabolix Appoints Lynne H. Brum to Vice President of Marketing and Corporate Communications

 CAMBRIDGE, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

      Metabolix,

      Inc. (NASDAQ: MBLX), a bioscience company focused on developing

      clean, sustainable solutions for plastics, chemicals and energy, today

      announced that Lynne H. Brum has joined the company as vice president of

      marketing and corporate communications and a member of the executive

      management team. Ms. Brum is responsible for overseeing all aspects of

      the company's marketing and corporate communications initiatives.

    


      "Lynne brings a passion for both science and communications to her role

      at Metabolix," said Richard P. Eno, president and CEO of Metabolix. "Her

      communications expertise in the life sciences industry will be a

      valuable asset to the company as we build awareness across our

      bioplastic, chemical and crop platforms."

    


      Ms. Brum has more than 20 years of experience leading communications

      programs for technology-based life science companies. Prior to joining

      Metabolix, she served as an executive vice president at Porter Novelli

      Life Sciences — a subsidiary of global PR firm, Porter Novelli

      International. Prior to that, Ms. Brum was responsible for corporate

      communications, investor relations and brand management in her role as

      vice president of strategic communications for Vertex Pharmaceuticals,

      Inc. Ms. Brum was also a vice president at Feinstein Kean Healthcare and

      was part of the communications team at Biogen, Inc. (now Biogen Idec).

    


      Ms. Brum holds a bachelor's degree in biological sciences from Wellesley

      College and a master's degree in business administration from Simmons

      College's School of Management.

    

About Metabolix



      Founded in 1992, Metabolix, Inc. is an innovation-driven bioscience

      company focused on providing sustainable solutions for the world's needs

      for plastics, chemicals and energy. The Company is taking a systems

      approach, from gene to end product, integrating sophisticated

      biotechnology with advanced industrial practice. Metabolix is now

      developing and commercializing Mirel™, a family of high performance

      bioplastics which are biobased and biodegradable alternatives to many

      petroleum-based plastics, through Telles, a joint venture of Metabolix
and Archer Daniels Midland Company. Metabolix is also developing

      biosourced industrial chemicals and a proprietary platform technology

      for co-producing plastics, chemicals and energy, from crops such as

      switchgrass, oilseeds and sugarcane.

    


      For more information, please visit www.metabolix.com.

      (MBLX-G)

    


Media:Schwartz MSLKeith Giannini or Jen Barlow,

      781-684-0770metabolix@schwartzmsl.comorInvestors:ICRJames

      Palczynski, 203-682-8229james.palczynski@icrinc.com

Source: Metabolix, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Yield10 Bioscience, Inc.








    Lynne Brum | Yield10 Bioscience Inc | ZoomInfo.com