 



David F. Brussard to Retire as President and CEO of Safety, Remain Chairman; George M. Murphy Named New President and CEO of Safety | Business Wire
























































David F. Brussard to Retire as President and CEO of Safety, Remain 
      Chairman; George M. Murphy Named New President and CEO of Safety






January 04, 2016 04:05 PM Eastern Standard Time



BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Safety Insurance Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:SAFT) announced today that David F. 
      Brussard, current President and Chief Executive Officer of Safety 
      Insurance will retire effective March 31, 2016. The Board of Directors 
      has appointed George M. Murphy, Vice President of Marketing, as the new 
      President and CEO, effective April 1, 2016. Mr. Brussard will remain as 
      Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Safety Insurance 
      Group, Inc.
    


      “Our success is closely tied to the ongoing commitment and support of 
      our independent agents and our employees,” said Mr. Brussard. “The Board 
      of Directors and I are confident that George is the right leader to 
      continue this strategy which has resulted in building significant value 
      for our shareholders. George will continue to be backed by a stable and 
      committed leadership team.”
    

      Under Mr. Brussard’s leadership, Safety has grown to become a 
      Northeast-based publicly traded property and casualty insurer with over 
      $1.2 billion dollars of assets and nearly $800 million in premiums. 
      These achievements have helped Safety consistently produce a history of 
      positive shareholder returns.
    

      Mr. Murphy began his career at Safety in 1989 and has held a variety of 
      positions of increasing responsibilities in its marketing department, 
      including, most recently, the Vice President role as of October 1, 2005. 
      The majority of his tenure has been focused on developing strong 
      personal relationships with Safety’s network of independent agents. Over 
      the past 10 years, he has led the initiative to increase Safety’s brand 
      recognition as a leading property and casualty insurer in New England.
    

      “I plan to work collaboratively with senior leadership at Safety to 
      execute on our established business strategy, with a focus on 
      maintaining strong relationships with independent agents and their 
      customers. This will allow us to build on our history of strong 
      shareholder returns,” said Mr. Murphy.
    

About Safety:


      Safety Insurance Group, Inc. is the parent of Safety Insurance Company, 
      Safety Indemnity Insurance Company and Safety Property and Casualty 
      Insurance Company, which are Boston, MA based writers of property and 
      casualty insurance. Safety is a leading writer of personal automobile 
      insurance in Massachusetts.
    

Additional Information: Press releases, announcements, U. S. 
      Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) Filings and investor 
      information are available under “About Safety,” “Investor Information” 
      on our Company website located at www.SafetyInsurance.com. 
      Safety filed its December 31, 2014 Form 10-K with the SEC on March 2, 
      2015 and urges shareholders to refer to this document for more complete 
      information concerning Safety’s financial results.
    

Cautionary Statement under "Safe Harbor" Provision of the Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995:
    

This press release contains, and Safety may from time to time make, 
      written or oral "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the 
      U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements can be 
      identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or 
      current facts. They often include words such as “believe,” 
      “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate,” “aim,” “projects,” 
      or words of similar meaning and expressions that indicate future events 
      and trends, or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” 
      “should,” “could,” or “may”. All statements that address 
      expectations or projections about the future, including statements about 
      the Company’s strategy for growth, product development, market position, 
      expenditures and financial results, are forward-looking statements.


Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance.
By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
      uncertainties. There are a number of factors, many of which are 
      beyond our control, that could cause actual future conditions, events, 
      results or trends to differ significantly and/or materially from 
      historical results or those projected in the forward-looking statements.
These factors include but are not limited to the competitive nature 
      of our industry and the possible adverse effects of such competition.
Although a number of national insurers that are much larger than we 
      are do not currently compete in a material way in the Massachusetts 
      private passenger automobile market, if one or more of these companies 
      decided to aggressively enter the market it could have a material 
      adverse effect on us. Other significant factors include 
      conditions for business operations and restrictive regulations in 
      Massachusetts, the possibility of losses due to claims resulting from 
      severe weather, the possibility that the Commissioner of Insurance may 
      approve future Rule changes that change the operation of the residual 
      market, our possible need for and availability of additional financing, 
      and our dependence on strategic relationships, among others, and other 
      risks and factors identified from time to time in our reports filed with 
      the SEC, such as those set forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in our 
      Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on 
      March 2, 2015.


We are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaim any such 
      obligation) to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether 
      as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You 
      should carefully consider the possibility that actual results may differ 
      materially from our forward-looking statements.



Contacts

      Safety Insurance Group, Inc.Office of Investor Relations877-951-2522InvestorRelations@SafetyInsurance.com














Release Summary
DAVID F. BRUSSARD TO RETIRE AS PRESIDENT AND CEO OF SAFETY, REMAIN CHAIRMAN; GEORGE M. MURPHY NAMED NEW PRESIDENT AND CEO OF SAFETY






Contacts

      Safety Insurance Group, Inc.Office of Investor Relations877-951-2522InvestorRelations@SafetyInsurance.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















David F Brussard - Boston, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David F Brussard in Boston, MA


David F Brussard

                                                                           Intelius found that David F Brussard  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Boston, MA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

David P Brussard


Get Report Now

Age

David F Brussard is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Boston, MA
North Andover, MA
Jupiter, FL

David's Relatives

Ann Brussard
Florence Brussard
Andrew Brussard
Noelle Levis







David F Brussard



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Safety Insurance Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David F Brussard
Get a Criminal Check on David F Brussard
Get a Public Record Report on David F Brussard
Get a People Search Report on David F Brussard


David F Brussard's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David F Brussard has lived as well as David F Brussard's phone numbers and email addresses.




David F Brussard Has Lived in 3 States
Massachusetts Address for David F Brussard


20 C***** H**** S* 

Boston, MA


Has Lived In

Boston, MA
North Andover, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David F Brussard

(617) ***-**** - Boston, MA 
(603) ***-**** - Hampton, NH 
(386) ***-**** - Palm Coast, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David F Brussard

b*****7@***.com
b*****7@***.com
b***z@***.com


Get Email Report




David F Brussard's Professional Information
Information regarding David F Brussard's professional history.  Find out previous places David F Brussard has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David F Brussard Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Safety Insurance Company
               Title: President
Company: Safety Insurance Company
               Title: Chairman
David F Brussard's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Safety Insurance Company
Job Details
               Safety Insurance was founded in 1979 with a belief that it would succeed as a company if customers were given the best possible service. A leading provider of property and casualty insurance in Massachusetts, Safety Insurance is the second largest writer of private passenger automobile, and the third largest writer of commercial automobile insurance in Massachusetts. Safety Insurance offers a portfolio of other personal line insurance products including homeowners, dwelling fire, and personal umbrella. In addition, Safety Insurance also offers commercial lines insurance products including business owner policies, commercial package policies, and commercial umbrellas. Sold exclusively through a network of professional independent agents, Safety Insurance provides agents with state-of-the-art tools that make it easy to service and protect their customers. Safety Insurance has consistently received an "A" rating from A.M. Best.
Title: Chairman
               Company: Safety Insurance Company
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on David F Brussard

 See David F Brussard's LinkedIn Profile



David F Brussard's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David F Brussard


David F Brussard's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David F Brussard's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Brussard
Username Matches

                  DavidBrussard
                  BrussardDavid
                  David.Brussard
                  Brussard.David
                  David_Brussard
                  Brussard_David
                  David-Brussard
                  Brussard-David
                  DBrussard
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Brussard







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















David F. Brussard To Retire As President And CEO Of Safety, Remain Chairman; George M. Murphy Named New President And CEO Of Safety - Pg.2 - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































David F. Brussard To Retire As President And CEO Of Safety, Remain Chairman; George M. Murphy Named New President And CEO Of Safety






Business Wire




Jan 4, 2016 4:05 PM EST













 


















































  Additional Information: Press releases, announcements, U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Filings and investor information are available under "About Safety," "Investor Information" on our Company website located at www.SafetyInsurance.com. Safety filed its December 31, 2014 Form 10-K with the SEC on March 2, 2015 and urges shareholders to refer to this document for more complete information concerning Safety's financial results.    Cautionary Statement under "Safe Harbor" Provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 :  This press release contains, and Safety may from time to time make, written or oral "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include words such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "aim," "projects," or words of similar meaning and expressions that indicate future events and trends, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," or "may". All statements that address expectations or projections about the future, including statements about the Company's strategy for growth, product development, market position, expenditures and financial results, are forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. By their nature, forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. There are a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual future conditions, events, results or trends to differ significantly and/or materially from historical results or those projected in the forward-looking statements. These factors include but are not limited to the competitive nature of our industry and the possible adverse effects of such competition. Although a number of national insurers that are much larger than we are do not currently compete in a material way in the Massachusetts private passenger automobile market, if one or more of these companies decided to aggressively enter the market it could have a material adverse effect on us. Other significant factors include conditions for business operations and restrictive regulations in Massachusetts, the possibility of losses due to claims resulting from severe weather, the possibility that the Commissioner of Insurance may approve future Rule changes that change the operation of the residual market, our possible need for and availability of additional financing, and our dependence on strategic relationships, among others, and other risks and factors identified from time to time in our reports filed with the SEC, such as those set forth under the caption "Risk Factors" in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed with the SEC on March 2, 2015.  We are not under any obligation (and expressly disclaim any such obligation) to update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should carefully consider the possibility that actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements.     View source version on businesswire.com:   http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160104005829/en/   



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Insider Trading Alert - SAFT, CHDN And CACI Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include SAFT, CHDN and CACI



TheStreet Wire

Apr 1, 2016 11:15 AM EDT
























Analysts' Actions -- Archer Daniels Midland, Ingersoll-Rand, Micron, Stratasys and More
Here are Monday's top research calls, including an upgrade for Ingersoll-Rand and downgrades for Archer Daniels Midland, Micron and Stratasys.



TheStreet Staff

Mar 7, 2016 7:52 AM EST
























Insider Trading Alert - SAFT, HMSY And SMG Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include SAFT, HMSY and SMG



TheStreet Wire

Aug 13, 2015 1:45 PM EDT
























10 High-Yield Small-Cap Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Right Now
Succesfull investors know that small cap stocks have historically outperformed the market. Dividend investors should consider these 10 high-yield small-cap dividend stocks.



Ben Reynolds

Apr 21, 2015 1:30 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Amazon 'Deceptive' Pricing Probe by the FTC Could Be the Start of a Government Siege


Sears Just Surrendered to Amazon With Kenmore Deal


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Chipotle's New Health Scare Could Trigger a 'Hindenburg Scenario', Expert Says


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












  Lafayette Personal Injury Lawyer - Louisiana Aviation Accident Attorney - Broussard & David                               Free Consultation: 888-337-2323 Tap Here To Call Us          Lafayette Personal Injury Lawyer Broussard & David Home Contact Louisiana Aviation Accident Attorney Broussard & David     Home  Firm Overview  Attorneys  Practice Areas  Q&A  Firm Accolades  Our Results  Media  Blog  Contact Us                  $30,438,225.00 Driver who suffered spinal injury and paralysis after a collision (Lafayette Parish, LA)     $29,100,000.00 Post traumatic stress disorder, wrongful death and exemplary damages case (St. Charles Parish, LA)     $21,400,000.00 Wrongful death trucking case involving exemplary damages (Lafayette Parish, LA)     $15,000,000.00 Spinal cord injury case involving product liability claims (Texas)     $10,800,000.00 Wrongful death trucking case (Lake Charles, LA)     $10,075,000.00 Personal injury case (Federal Court, Lafayette, LA)     $7,500,000.00 Personal injury case (Vermilion Parish, LA)     $7,000,000.00 Personal injury case (St. Martin Parish, LA)     $5,000,000.00 Settlement in Jones Act personal injury case (Federal Court, New Orleans, LA)     $5,000,000.00 Dipping vat water and soil contamination (Vermilion Parish, LA)     $5,000,000.00 Professional partially disabled after auto crash (Lafayette, LA)         Maritime - Admiralty     Personal Injury     18 Wheeler Accidents                  Lafayette Personal Injury LawyersDedicated Advocacy for Accident Victims Throughout LouisianaAccidents change lives. One moment you are healthy and working to provide for your family; the next, you are hurting and are unable to return to your job. What’s equally hard is that every day of work you miss makes it that much harder to handle both the medical bills piling up because of the accident, and all of the other obligations that you were able to honor without a problem before you were hurt.It’s easy to feel lost and frustrated after an accident. And in these times, it is best to seek out guidance from experienced counsel who understand what you’re going through and have the professional knowledge to insure that the right steps are taken to protect you when you need it most. If you have been hurt, consider seeking direction and counsel from the experienced Lafayette personal injury attorneys of Broussard & David, LLC.Broussard & David, LLC has set the bar for full recovery in serious personal injury and wrongful death cases. The firm’s attorneys have gained state and national recognition for their achievement, service, and results.Founding partner Richard Broussard has spent his entire career dedicated to protecting the rights of people whose injuries have changed their lives. In addition to being recognized as a Super Lawyer, he was also selected in a statewide poll as one of the “Top 50” Lawyers in Louisiana. A Super Lawyer himself and recognized by the National Trial Lawyers Association as one of the “Top 100 Trial Lawyers,” founding partner Blake David has achieved state and national acclaim for his accomplishment in the courtroom. Among other verdicts, Lafayette personal injury lawyer Blake David has served as lead counsel on three wrongful death cases in the parishes of Lafayette, Calcasieu, and St. Charles in which the verdicts—$21 Million; $10.5 Million; and $29 Million—were the largest reported wrongful death awards in each respective parish's history. Further, Blake David has the highest recorded injury verdict in Lafayette Parish history - $30 Million.Broussard & David, LLC’s record of accomplishment and reputation for fighting to protect the rights of accident victims in and around Louisiana, with a concentration of cases in the Acadiana area, have given us the experience and resources to handle the most difficult cases from the date of the accident to verdict or settlement.Recovering Damages for Your Louisiana AccidentA person injured by the careless actions of another party may file a lawsuit based on negligence, which is the most common theory of recovery in personal injury lawsuits in Louisiana. The victim can prevail and hold the defendant liable by successfully proving each of the following four elements:The defendant owed the victim a duty of reasonable care;The defendant breached that duty;The breach caused the victim’s injury; andThe victim suffered damages as a result of the injury.Because of your accident, you may be eligible to recover money damages. Specifically, under Louisiana law, you may be entitled to compensation for your past and future medical bills; past and future lost earnings; loss of future earning capacity; and pain and suffering associated with the losses you have suffered. If you were injured as the result of a drunk driver or you were hurt offshore, you may be entitled to damages designed to punish the defendants for their reckless and wanton ways. Irrespective of how you or your loved one was hurt—offshore, in an auto accident, or a helicopter crash—let Broussard & David, LLC obtain justice for you and get you and your family the compensation that is deserved.Aggressive Legal Representation for Accident Victims in LouisianaWhile recovering from injuries that have changed your life, you should not be forced to wonder if you can pay the medical bills necessary for your treatment or how your missed work will affect your family and your future. The Lafayette personal injury lawyers of Broussard & David, LLC are ready to bring the full scope of our experience to hold the person or entity that hurt you accountable for their actions. There is no charge for our services unless and until we recover compensation for you through a settlement or verdict. Our clients span many parishes around Louisiana. We listen closely to the details of their situations and craft a legal strategy tailored to each client’s specific needs. Call (888) 337-2323 or complete our online form to schedule a free initial consultation with our attorneys.Board Certified - Proven, Tested Excellence®Richard C. Broussard and Blake R. David are NBTA Board Certified Civil Trial Advocates.Please click here to know more about this certification       Client Reviews              Broussard & David is a very professional and well-respected law firm. I would refer their services to anyone needing legal assistance.   Jeanne-Marie Savoy   ★★★★★        Broussard & David = The Best Personal Injury Firm in town!!!!!   Danielle Richey   ★★★★★        Best Lawyers in Acadiana   Johnnise Dugar   ★★★★★        Amazing personal injury firm. Justice for you is their primary goal.   Claire Prejean   ★★★★★        Professional personal injury law firm with great integrity and compassion for those seeking justice.   Maxine Latiolais   ★★★★★                Contact Us  888-337-2323          Name (Required)      Email (Required)      Phone (Required)       Message         Enter text from the Image Above: Please enter the text from the image on the left.  Submit                   Attorney Referrals   In the News   Questions and Answers    Lafayette's Bike safetyfestival    Practice Areas  Auto AccidentsVehicular AccidentsTruck AccidentsDrunk Driving Accidents (Punitive Damages)Failure to Yield AccidentHead-on CollisionHit and Run AccidentLivestock/Automobile AccidentsMotorcycle AccidentsBroadside CollisionHead-on CollisionsIntersection AccidentsLeft-turn CollisionsLimited Visibility Motorcycle AccidentsUnsafe Lane Changing AccidentsPassenger SafetyPoor Road DesignRear-end CollisionsRoad HazardsRollover AccidentSide ImpactUnderinsured Motor AccidentsWhiplashMaritime - AdmiraltyJones ActBoating AccidentsCruise Ship InjuryGeneral Maritime LawLongshoreman/905BMaritime Law GlossaryMaritime Law and the Gulf CoastOil Rig AccidentSeaman ClaimsThe Jones ActOffshore InjuryTruck Accidents18 wheeler AccidentBald Tires and Tire BlowoutsBlind SpotsFederal Motor Safety Carrier RegulationsOverweight and Overloaded TrucksSqueeze Play/ Wide TurnsState Rules and Regulations for Intrastate TruckingTruck Driver FatigueAviation - Helicopter AccidentsPersonal InjuryInjury ClaimsBrain InjuryBurn InjuryDog Bites & Animal AttacksHead InjuryLegal MalpracticeNursing Home AbuseParalysisPetrochemical AccidentsSpinal InjurySwimming Pool InjuryWhistleblowerWrongful DeathTrain AccidentsRail Road / CrossingRailroad Worker Injury-FELAPremises LiabilityLandowner LiabilityDangerous PropertyElevator, Escalator and Man Lift AccidentsScaffold AccidentsSlip and FallMass Tort LitigationClass ActionEnvironmental Liability/Toxic TortsProducts LiabilityGenerally LiabilityDefective Medical DevicesManufacturing DefectsMedical Products LiabilityPharmaceutical LitigationWorkers’ Compensation      Firm Accolades Blake R. David named the Outstanding Young Lawyer of Louisiana (Louisiana State Bar Association 2009)  Richard C. Broussard named Top 50 Lawyers in Louisiana (Super Lawyers 2007, 2008 and 2009) Broussard & David, LLC has achieved highest rating for ethical standards and legal ability ("AV" Rated by Martindale-Hubbell) Richard C. Broussard recognized by Super Lawyers Personal Injury Plaintiff Attorney Broussard & David, LLC secured one of the nation's Top 100 Verdicts (VerdictSearch) Richard C. Broussard Louisiana State Bar Association David Hamilton Lifetime Achievement Award Broussard & David, LLC named 2009 Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers (Martindale-Hubble) Richard C. Broussard Board Certified in Civil Trial Advocacy National Board of Trial Advocacy Blake R. David named the Outstanding Young Lawyer of Louisiana (Louisiana State Bar Association 2009)  Richard C. Broussard named Top 50 Lawyers in Louisiana (Super Lawyers 2007, 2008 and 2009) Broussard & David, LLC has achieved highest rating for ethical standards and legal ability ("AV" Rated by Martindale-Hubble) Richard C. Broussard recognized by Super Lawyers Personal Injury Plaintiff Attorney Broussard & David, LLC secured one of the nation's Top 100 Verdicts (VerdictSearch) Richard C. Broussard Louisiana State Bar Association David Hamilton Lifetime Achievement Award Broussard & David, LLC named 2009 Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers (Martindale-Hubble) Richard C. Broussard Board Certified in Civil Trial Advocacy National Board of Trial Advocacy    Louisiana Lawyer Blog  



$16MM Verdict for Traumatic Brain Injury After Fall in Lowe's Home Center 
A slip and fall accident in Las Vegas, Nevada resulted in an eleven-day trial where the jury returned a verdict of more than $16 million to a



Ferry Boat Owner Unable to Limit Liability in Wreck with Speedboat 
An interesting case recently arose out of the Northern District of California. A ferry boat captain was found partially responsible for a collision in



Oil company forced to sue own insurance company to recover losses awarded $40M jury verdict. 
In the District Court of Harris County, Texas, a jury awarded over $40 million to owners of oil production facilities nearly 12 years after Hurricane



                    557 Jefferson St P.O. Box 3524 Lafayette, LA 70501    Toll Free: 888-337-2323  Phone: 337-233-2323  Fax: 337-233-2353     Email: info@broussard-david.com We serve the following localities: Lafayette Parish including Lafayette, Broussard, Scott, and Youngsville; Iberia Parish including New Iberia, Lydia, and Jeanerette; St. Landry Parish including Eunice and Opelousas; East Baton Rouge Parish including Baton Rouge; Orleans Parish including New Orleans; Calcasieu Parish including Lake Charles and Sulphur; and Rapides Parish including Alexandria and Pineville.     Home   Privacy Policy   Disclaimer   Site Map   Contact Us     Lafayette Personal Injury Lawyer - Louisiana Aviation Accident Attorney - Broussard & David Copyright © 2017,  Broussard & David   Justia Law Firm Website Design                  

David F. Brussard: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 22, 2017 1:18 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of Safety Insurance Group, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
David F. Brussard  Non-Executive Chairman, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 1 different industries.See Board Relationships65$539,027As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. David F. Brussard has been Non-Executive Chairman of Safety Insurance Group, Inc. since March 2004 and has been its Director since October 2001. Mr. Brussard has significant experience with the insurance industry. He served as the Chief Executive officer and President of Safety Insurance Group, Inc. from June 2001 to March 31, 2016. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Safety Indemnity Insurance Company and Safety Insurance Company, subsidiaries ... of Safety Insurance Group Inc. from January 1999 to March 31, 2016. He served as Executive Vice President of the Insurance Subsidiaries from 1985 to 1999 and as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Insurance Subsidiaries from 1979 to 1999. He served as a Director of Safety Insurance Company. He is on the Board of Trustees of the Insurance Library Association of Boston.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
20 Custom House StreetBoston, Massachusetts 02110United StatesPhone: 617-951-0600Fax: 617-603-4837
Board Members Memberships
2001-PresentNon-Executive ChairmanSafety Insurance Group, Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
Safety Insurance Company


Annual Compensation
Salary$212,100Total Annual Compensation$212,100
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$168,617
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$481,967Total Short Term Compensation$212,100Other Long Term Compensation$168,617Total Calculated Compensation$539,027




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationBruce G. Kelley J.D., CPCU, CLUChief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and DirectorEMC Insurance Group Inc.$937.5KRandy Allen Ramlo Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and President of United Life Insurance CompanyUnited Fire Group, Inc$800.0KDouglas D. Dirks CEO, President & DirectorEmployers Holdings, Inc.$871.3KJ. Robert Bredahl Chief Executive Officer and PresidentThird Point Reinsurance Ltd.$787.5KJ. Adam Abram Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of James River Group, IncJames River Group Holdings, Ltd.$1.6MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Safety Insurance Group, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































David F. Brussard - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















David F. Brussard
Chairman of the Board and Former President and Chief Executive Officer at Safety Insurance Group, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you David F. Brussard? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David F. Brussard's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in David F. Brussard's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David F. Brussard's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David F. Brussard through your network of contacts.
												








David F. Brussard's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board and Former President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Safety Insurance Group, Inc.


Past
To view David F. Brussard's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
65

 
 


David F. Brussard's Biography



David F. Brussard served as President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of the Company from June 2001 until his retirement on March 31, 2016. Mr. Brussard continues to serve the Company as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board.  From January 1999 to March 31, 2016, Mr. Brussard served as the CEO and President of the Insurance Subsidiaries.  Previously, Mr. Brussard served as Executive Vice President of the Insurance Subsidiaries from 1985 to 1999 and as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Insurance Subsidiaries from 1979 to 1999. Mr. Brussard was appointed Chairman of the Board in March 2004 and has served as a Director of the Compan ...
(Read More)

			David F. Brussard served as President and Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") of the Company from June 2001 until his retirement on March 31, 2016. Mr. Brussard continues to serve the Company as Non-Executive Chairman of the Board.  From January 1999 to March 31, 2016, Mr. Brussard served as the CEO and President of the Insurance Subsidiaries.  Previously, Mr. Brussard served as Executive Vice President of the Insurance Subsidiaries from 1985 to 1999 and as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Insurance Subsidiaries from 1979 to 1999. Mr. Brussard was appointed Chairman of the Board in March 2004 and has served as a Director of the Company since October 2001. Mr. Brussard was also appointed Chairman of the Investment Committee on February 22, 2017.  Based upon Mr. Brussard's significant experience with the insurance industry and his leadership roles in the Company and our insurance subsidiaries since inception, as well as his understanding of the financial, regulatory, corporate governance and other matters affecting public companies, we believe that Mr. Brussard is well qualified to serve as Chairman of our Board.
		
Source: Safety Insurance Group, Inc. on 04/11/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David F. Brussard's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like David F. Brussard. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in David F. Brussard's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David F. Brussard's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David F. Brussard through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: David F. Brussard


















David F. Brussard's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view David F. Brussard's 18 connections »









Peter J. Manning
Board Member, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









Frederic H. Lindeberg
Board Member, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









James D. Berry
Vice President, Underwriting and Secretary, Insurance Subsidiaries, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









George M. Murphy
Former President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









Daniel D. Loranger
Former Vice President, Management Information Systems and Chief Information Officer, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









Edward N. Patrick
Former Vice President, Underwriting, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









Daniel F. Crimmins
Former Vice President--Marketing, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









David K. McKown
Board Member, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









Robert J. Kerton
Former VP - Claims, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.









Paul J. Narciso
Vice President, Casualty Claims, Safety Insurance Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















David Brussard |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



David Brussard Profile














Full Name:

                                                    David Brussard
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    David F. Brussard was appointed Chairman of the Board in March 2004 and President and Chief Executive Officer in June 2001. Mr. Brussard has served as... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2001


Safety Insurance Group, Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 




BRUSSARD DAVID F Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BRUSSARD DAVID F
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Brussard David F is based out of Boston.    WhaleWisdom has at least 5 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Brussard David F. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BRUSSARD DAVID F, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




brussard david f


20 CUSTOM HOUSE STREET

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02110


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      617-951-0600
SEC SIC CODE:6331-FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 02/27/2017
4 filed on 11/16/2016
4 filed on 09/12/2016
4 filed on 04/01/2016
4 filed on 03/16/2016
4 filed on 02/25/2016
4 filed on 03/13/2015
4 filed on 02/27/2015
4 filed on 03/13/2014
4 filed on 03/13/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















	
        Compensation Information for David F. Brussard , President and Chief Executive Officer, Director of SAFETY INSURANCE GROUP INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





David F. Brussard 
Executive Compensation
As President and Chief Executive Officer, Director at SAFETY INSURANCE GROUP INC, David F. Brussard  made $380,717 in total compensation.  Of this total $212,100 was received as a salary, $0 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $0 was awarded as stock and $168,617 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for David F. Brussard ,  President and Chief Executive Officer, Director at SAFETY INSURANCE GROUP INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. SAFETY INSURANCE GROUP INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. SAFETY INSURANCE GROUP INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


William J. Begley Jr.
David E. Krupa 
George M. Murphy 
James D. Berry 

Paul J. Narciso 






David F. Brussard 


Base Pay$212,100
Bonus + Incentive Comp$0
Total Cash Compensation$212,100


Stock Award Value$0
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$0



Total Other$168,617



Total Compensation$380,717




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 
