



Douglas E. Buckminster - President of International Consumer and Global Network Services @ American Express | crunchbase
resxqvexffaxtqDISCOVERCompaniesPeopleInvestorsFunding RoundsAcquisitionsSchoolsEventsMy SearchesMy ListsFeaturedContributeData SolutionsAboutTermsCareersSitemapEditorial Partners: TechCrunch© 2017 Crunchbase Inc.All rights reserved.Douglas E. BuckminsterOverviewTimelineContributorsAdd to this ProfileContributeOverviewUpdatePrimary RolePresident of International Consumer and Global Network Services @ American ExpressGender:MaleLocation:UnknownPerson DetailsUpdateMr. Douglas E. Buckminster has been the President of International Consumer and Global Network Services of American Express Company since February 2012. Mr. Buckminster has been the President of International Consumer and Small Business Services at Amex Canada, Inc. and Amex Bank Of Canada, Inc. since June 20, 2007. Mr. Buckminster is responsible for the international consumer card, lending, insurance and product marketing functions at American Express. Mr. Buckminster served as President of International Consumer Business at American Express Company since June 20, 2007 and served as its President of International Consumer and Small Business Services since November 2009.
Jobs (1)UpdateCurrentPresident of International Consumer and Global Network ServicesAmerican ExpressNews (1)UpdateDateNewsMay 19, 2015Business Wire - American Express Executives to Participate in Upcoming ConferencesAdd Board & Advisor RolesAdd EducationAdd MembershipsAdd ImagesAdd VideosB2CDA-LR37J-YK78Y-A3S53-VWN7U    Douglas Buckminster | American Express Company | ZoomInfo.com






Officers & Directors - American Express Investor Relations







































 
 






 
Skip to main content











Start of menu







My Account
You are under My Account tab


Card AccountsExpand / Collapse

Account Home
Statements & Activity
Profile
Card Benefits



Business AccountsExpand / Collapse

OPEN Small Business
Merchant Home
American Express @ Work



Other AccountsExpand / Collapse

Savings Accounts and CDs
Membership Rewards® Point Summary
Membership Rewards® Point Summary
Credit Secure
Bluebird Alternative to Banking
International Payments for Businesses








  


CARDS
You are under Cards tab


Personal CardsExpand / Collapse

Learn about Charge & Credit Cards
Choose a Card With Our Help
View all Personal Charge & Credit Cards
Learn about Charge & Credit Cards
Choose a Card With Our Help
View all Personal Charge & Credit Cards



Small Business CardsExpand / Collapse

Small Business Charge & Credit Cards
Compare Cards by Benefits
View All Small Business Cards



Corporate CardsExpand / Collapse

Corporate Cards
Compare Corporate Cards
Find a Custom Corporate Solution



Prepaid CardsExpand / Collapse

Reloadable Prepaid Cards
Gift Cards
Gift Cards
View All Prepaid & Gift Cards


  


TRAVEL
You are under Travel tab


Personal TravelExpand / Collapse

Book A Trip
Book Hotels
Book Flights, Cars, Cruises, Vacations
Fine Hotels & Resorts
Benefits of a Travel Specialist
Find a Destination Expert
Order Foreign Currency



Business TravelExpand / Collapse

Corporate Travel Solutions
Foreign Exchange Services



Other Travel ServicesExpand / Collapse

Travel Insurance
Travelers Cheques
Find a Travel Service Office
Global Assist Hotline








  


REWARDS
You are under Rewards tab


Membership RewardsExpand / Collapse

Membership Rewards® Home
Membership Rewards® Home
Use Points
Point Summary



Card Rewards and BenefitsExpand / Collapse

Explore Your Cards Rewards Program
Entertainment and Events
Entertainment and Events
Refer a Friend








  


BUSINESS
You are under Business tab


OPEN Small BusinessExpand / Collapse

Small Business Home
Small Business Charge & Credit Cards
Order Employee Cards
OPEN Forum



CorporationsExpand / Collapse

Corporate Cards
Supplier Payment Solutions
Corporate Travel Solutions
Meetings and Events
International Payments for Businesses



MerchantsExpand / Collapse

Merchant Home
Find Payment Solutions
Get Support
Get a Merchant Account
Learn About Business Loans




Global NetworkExpand / Collapse

Issuers and Acquirers
Providers and Developers









  









United States(Change Country)


Log In

Log Out


















 






Site FAQ
Contact Us
Change Country


Close Menu



At Your Service



Investor Relations

Financial Information

Earnings and Events
Financial Highlights
SEC Filings
Annual Reports
Insider Filings
Stress Test Results
Pillar 3 Disclosures



Stock Information

Stock Quote
Shareholder Services
Historic Prices
Dividends
Investment Calculators
FAQ



Corporate Governance

Officers & Directors
Governance Framework
Committee Composition


Proxy Statements

Fixed Income Investors

Funding & Liquidity Overview
Funding Programs
Primary Issuance Structure
Prospectus & Pricing Supplements
Asset Backed Securities
Credit Account Master Trust
Issuance Trust II
ABS SEC Filings
ABS CUSIP Lookup
Commercial Paper
Credit Ratings and Analysts
Fixed Income Presentations


News

Resources

Sign Up for Email Alerts
Information Request
Analyst Coverage
Our Contact Information























































Officers & Directors





Officers & Directors


 Expand All



Senior Management





Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company, April 2001 
to present. Mr. Chenault joined American Express in 1981 and was named President 
of the U.S. division of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. in 
1993, Vice Chairman of American Express Company in 1995, President and Chief Operating 
Officer in 1997 and Chief Executive Officer in January 2001. Mr. Chenault serves 
as a director of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and The Procter 
& Gamble Company. Mr. Chenault is a member of The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation 
and a trustee of the NYU Langone Medical Center.







Douglas E. Buckminster
President, Global Consumer Services Group








Mr. Buckminster has been President, Global Consumer Services Group since October 2015. Previously, he had been President, Global Network and International Card Services since February 2012 and was President, International Consumer and Small Business from November 2009 to February 2012. Prior thereto he had been Executive Vice President, International Consumer Products and Marketing since July 2002.







James P. Bush
President, International Consumer Services Group








Mr. Bush has been Executive Vice President, World Service since October 2009. Prior thereto, he served as Executive Vice President, U.S. Service Delivery Network since June 2005.







Jeffrey C. Campbell
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer








Mr. Campbell has been Executive Vice President, Finance, of the Company since July 2013 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since August 2013. Mr. Campbell joined American Express from McKesson Corporation, a health care services company, where he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2004.







L. Kevin Cox
Chief Human Resources Officer








Mr. Cox has been Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company since April 2005.







Paul D. Fabara
PRESIDENT GLOBAL RISK & COMPLIANCE, CHIEF RISK OFFICER








Mr. Fabara has been President, Global Risk & Compliance and Chief Risk Officer since 
February 2016. Prior thereto, he had been President, Global Banking Group since 
February 2013 and President, Global Network Business since September 2014. Mr. Fabara 
joined American Express in January 2011 as Executive Vice President of Global Credit 
Administration. Previously, Mr. Fabara was Managing Director and Global Head, Operations, 
Regulatory, Implementation and Planning at Barclays from February 2009 to January 
2011 and Global Chief Operating Officer for Barclays Credit Card Business from August 
2006 to February 2009. Prior thereto, he served as the Chief Operating Officer of 
Alliance Data Systems Retail.







Marc D. Gordon
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer








Mr. Gordon has been Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer since September 2012. Mr. Gordon joined American Express from Bank of America, where he served as Enterprise Chief Information Officer from December 2011 until April 2012. Prior thereto, he had been Chief Technology Officer, Global Delivery Operation at Bank of America from May 2008 until November 2011. Prior thereto, he had been Chief Information Officer, Global Consumer Bank at Bank of America from September 2004 until April 2008.







Ashwini Gupta
PRESIDENT CREDIT RISK & INFORMATION MANAGEMENT








Mr. Gupta has been President of Credit Risk & Information Management since February 2016. Prior thereto, he had been President of Risk and Information Management and Chief Risk Officer since July 2007.







Michael J. O’Neill
Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications








Mr. O’Neill has been Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications since September 2014.  Prior thereto, he had been Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Communications since 1991.







Laureen E. Seeger
Executive Vice President and General Counsel








Ms. Seeger has been Executive Vice President and General Counsel of the Company since July 2014. Ms. Seeger joined American Express from McKesson Corporation, a health care services company, where she served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer since 2006.







Susan Sobbott
President, Global Corporate Payments








Ms. Sobbott has been President, Global Corporate Payments since January 2014. Prior thereto, she had been President, American Express OPEN since 2004.







Stephen J. Squeri
Vice Chairman








Mr. Squeri has been Vice Chairman of American Express Company since July 2015 and has lead the Business-to-Business Group since October 2015. Previously, he had been Group President, Global Corporate Services since November 2011. From October 2009 to November 2011, he was Group President of Global Services. In addition, from May 2005 to October 2009, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer for the Company. Mr. Squeri is a thirty year veteran of American Express having joined the company in 1985. He also serves as a director of American Express Global Business Travel, J.Crew Group and Guardian Life Insurance Company of America.







Anré Williams
President, Global Merchant Services and Loyalty








Mr. Williams has been President, Global Merchant Services and Loyalty since October 2015. Previously, he was President of Global Merchant Services since November 2011. Prior thereto, he had been President of Global Corporate Payments since June 2007. Prior thereto, he had been Executive Vice President of U.S. Commercial Card from January 2004 through May 2007.








Board of Directors





Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express Company, April 2001 
to present. Mr. Chenault joined American Express in 1981 and was named President 
of the U.S. division of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. in 
1993, Vice Chairman of American Express Company in 1995, President and Chief Operating 
Officer in 1997 and Chief Executive Officer in January 2001. Mr. Chenault serves 
as a director of International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) and The Procter 
& Gamble Company. Mr. Chenault is a member of The World Trade Center Memorial Foundation 
and a trustee of the NYU Langone Medical Center.







Charlene Barshefsky
Senior International Partner, WilmerHale








Senior International Partner, WilmerHale, multinational law firm, Washington, 
D.C., since 2001, practicing in areas including international business transactions, 
government relations, market access, and regulation of business and investment. 
Prior to joining WilmerHale, Ambassador Barshefsky was the United States Trade Representative (USTR) 
and a member of the President’s Cabinet from 1997 to 2001, and Acting and Deputy 
USTR from 1993 to 1996. As the USTR, she served 
as chief trade negotiator and principal trade policymaker for the United States 
and, in both roles, negotiated complex market access, regulatory, and investment agreements with 
virtually every major country in the world. Ambassador Barshefsky is a director 
of The Estée Lauder Companies Inc., Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc., and 
Intel Corporation. She is a trustee of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute and a 
member of the Council on Foreign Relations.







John J. Brennan
Chairman Emeritus and Senior Advisor of Vanguard









Ursula M. Burns
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Xerox Corporation








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Xerox Corporation, a global company engaged in business processes and document management, since May 2010; Chief Executive Officer and director since July 2009; President and director, April 2007-July 2009; and Senior Vice President and President, Business Group Operations, January 2003-April 2007. Ms. Burns is a director of Exxon Mobil Corporation. She is a trustee of the Ford Foundation and of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and serves as director of FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology), National Academy Foundation, and the U.S. Olympic Committee. In March 2010, President Barack Obama appointed Ms. Burns Vice Chair of the President’s Export Council.







Peter Chernin
Founder and Chairman, Chernin Entertainment, Inc.








Founder and Chairman, Chernin Entertainment, Inc., a film and television production company, and The Chernin Group, which is involved in strategic opportunities in media, technology, and entertainment, June 2009 to present. Mr. Chernin was President, Chief Operating Officer, and a director of News Corporation from October 1996 to June 2009, and was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Fox Group, where he oversaw the global operations of the company’s film, television, satellite cable, and digital media businesses. At News Corporation, Mr. Chernin led the company’s expansion into the broadband and mobile markets, through the creation of Fox Interactive Media, Hulu, Jamba, and other digital properties. He is a director of Pandora Media, Inc. and Twitter, Inc. Mr. Chernin is Chairman and co-founder of Malaria No More and a director of the Harvard AIDS Initiative. Mr. Chernin is a former director of News Corporation, DirecTV, Inc., and Gemstar/T.V. Guide International.







Ralph de la Vega
VICE CHAIRMAN, AT&T INC. AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF BUSINESS SOLUTIONS AND  INTERNATIONAL, AT&T








Vice Chairman, AT&T Inc. and CEO of Business Solutions and International, AT&T, a multinational

telecommunications corporation, since February 2016. Mr. de la Vega leads AT&T’s integrated Business 

Solutions group (both mobile and IP services), which serves more than 3.5 million business customers in 200 

countries and territories, and nearly all the Fortune 1000 firms globally, and AT&T’s Mexican wireless business 

and DIRECTV Latin America, which was part of AT&T’s 2015 acquisition of DIRECTV. Mr. de la Vega was 

President Chief Executive Officer, AT&T Mobile and Business Solutions, August 2014 to February 2016; 

President and Chief Executive Officer of AT&T Mobility, 2007 to 2014, and prior thereto, the Chief Operating 

Officer of Cingular Wireless and President of BellSouth Latin America. Mr. de la Vega is a director of New York 

Life Insurance Company, where he is chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Governance and 

Insurance & Operations Committees. He also serves on the boards of the Georgia Aquarium, Morehouse 

College and Junior Achievement Worldwide. He is Chairman of the All-Markets Initiatives for the Boy Scouts of 

America. Mr. de la Vega has received numerous awards recognizing his leadership, including the Global 

Innovation Award from the Goizueta Business School at Emory University. He is the author of the book 

“Obstacles Welcome Turn Adversity to Advantage in Business and Life.”







Anne Lauvergeon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, A.L.P. SAS








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, A.L.P. SAS, a French advisory company. Chairman of Sigfox, a French start-up that operates a cellular network dedicated exclusively to small messages, since April 2014. Former Partner and Managing Director, Efficiency Capital, an advisory firm dedicated to funding technology and natural resources, from 2012 to April 2014; former Chief Executive Officer of AREVA Group, the leading French energy company, from July 2001 to June 2011; former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AREVA NC (formerly Cogema) from June 1999 to June 2011. Ms. Lauvergeon started her professional career in 1983 in the steel industry and in 1990 she was named Advisor for Economic International Affairs at the French Presidency and Deputy Chief of Staff in 1991. In 1995 she became a Partner of Lazard Frères & Cie, subsequently joining Alcatel Telecom as Senior Executive Vice President in March 1997. Ms. Lauvergeon is a director of Rio Tinto Plc, Total S.A. and Airbus Group. She is a former director of Vodafone Group Plc, GDF Suez S.A., Suez S.A., and Safran S.A. Ms. Lauvergeon has been a member of the United Nations Global Compact Board, has been an Executive Committee member of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, and serves in various not for profit organizations in France.







Michael O. Leavitt
Founder and Chairman, Leavitt Partners, LLC








Founder and Chairman, Leavitt Partners, LLC, a health care consulting firm, since 2009. Chairman of Leavitt Equity Partners, a private equity fund, formed in 2014. Prior to that Governor Leavitt was the United States Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2005 to 2009; Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from 2003 to 2005; and Governor of Utah from 1993 to 2003. Governor Leavitt is a director of HealthEquity, Inc. and Medtronic, Inc.







Theodore J. Leonsis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, LLC








Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, LLC, a sports and entertainment company that owns the NBA’s Washington Wizards, NHL’s Washington Capitals, WNBA’s Washington Mystics, and the Verizon Center in Washington, D.C., since 1999. Mr. Leonsis is also a Vice Chairman Emeritus of AOL LLC, a leading global ad-supported Web company, since December 2006. Mr. Leonsis held a number of executive positions with AOL from September 1994 to December 2006, most recently as Vice Chairman and President, AOL Audience Business. Mr. Leonsis is Chairman of the Board of Groupon, Inc. He is also a filmmaker, an author, and a director of several private Internet and technologies companies and educational institutions. Mr. Leonsis was Chairman of Revolution Money, Inc., which American Express acquired in January 2010. In November 2011, Mr. Leonsis co-founded Revolution Growth II, LP, a “speed-up capital” fund to invest in technology-enabled businesses.







Richard C. Levin
Chief Executive Officer, CourseraPresident Emeritus, Yale University








Chief Executive Officer, Coursera, an educational platform that partners with top universities and organizations worldwide to offer courses online, since April 2014. President Emeritus, Yale University, a private independent university. Mr. Levin was the President of Yale University from July 1993-August 2013 and is the Frederick William Beinecke Professor of Economics. Former Chair of Yale’s Economics Department and Dean of Yale’s Graduate School of Arts and Science. Mr. Levin is a trustee of the William and Flora Hewlett Foundation, one of the largest philanthropic organizations in the United States. He is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He is a director of C-3, an energy resource management company, and a former director of Satmetrix Systems, Inc. and Lucent Technologies. Mr. Levin has served on a number of Presidential Commissions and was appointed by President Barack Obama to serve on the President’s Council of Advisors for Science and Technology.







Samuel J. Palmisano
Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, IBM








Former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, IBM, a company that provides business and information technology products and services. Mr. Palmisano joined IBM in 1973. He was elected Senior Vice President and Group Executive of the Personal Systems Group in 1997, Senior Vice President and Group Executive of IBM Global Services in 1998, Senior Vice President and Group Executive of Enterprise Systems in 1999, President and Chief Operating Officer in 2000, Chief Executive Officer in 2002 and Chairman of the Board in 2003. Mr. Palmisano was President and Chief Executive Officer through 2011, Chairman through September 2012, and senior adviser to IBM through December 2012. Mr. Palmisano is a director of Exxon Mobil Corporation and Chairman of the Center For Global Enterprises.







Daniel L. Vasella
Honorary Chairman and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Novartis AG








Honorary Chairman and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Novartis AG, a company that engages in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of health care products worldwide. Dr. Vasella served as Chairman of Novartis from 1999 to February 2013 and as Chief Executive Officer from 1996 to January 2010. From 1992 to 1996, Dr. Vasella held the positions of Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Senior Vice President and Head of Worldwide Development and Head of Corporate Marketing at Sandoz Pharma Ltd. Dr. Vasella is a director of PepsiCo, Inc., a member of the International Business Leaders Advisory Council for the Mayor of Shanghai, a foreign honorary member of the Academy of Arts and Sciences, a trustee of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace and a member of several industry associations and educational institutions.







Robert D. Walter
Founder and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cardinal Health, Inc.








Founder and Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cardinal Health, Inc., a company that provides products and services supporting the health care industry. Mr. Walter retired from Cardinal Health in June 2008. Prior to his retirement, he served as Executive Director, November 2007 to June 2008; Executive Chairman of the Board, April 2006 to November 2007; and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, 1979 to April 2006. Mr. Walter is a director of Nordstrom, Inc. and YUM! Brands, Inc. Mr. Walter is a former director of Cardinal Health and Battelle Memorial Institute.







Ronald A. Williams
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aetna Inc.








Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Aetna Inc., a leading diversified health care benefits company; Chairman, from October 2006 to April 2011; Chief Executive Officer, February 2006 to November 2010; President, May 2002 to July 2007. Mr. Williams is a director of The Boeing Company and Johnson & Johnson, and is lead director of Envision Healthcare. He serves as an operating advisor to Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, LLC. He is a member of The Business Council and a trustee of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he is also a member of the Dean’s Advisory Council and Alfred P. Sloan Management Society at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is also a trustee of the Committee for Economic Development. He is a former director of Lucent Technologies. Prior to joining Aetna, Mr. Williams co-founded several businesses and served in senior management positions at a number of other companies.

















Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.













 
















About American Express
Investor Relations
Careers
Site Map
Contact Us
Mobile & Tablet Apps
















Products & Services
Credit Cards
Small Business Credit Cards
Corporate Cards
Prepaid Cards
Savings Accounts & CDs
Gift Cards




Links You May Like
Membership Rewards®
Mobile & Tablet Apps
CreditSecure®
Serve®
Bluebird®
Accept Amex Cards
Refer a Friend





Terms of Service
Privacy Center
AdChoices
Card Agreements
Security Center
Financial Education
Servicemember Benefits

All users of our online services subject to Privacy Statement and agree to be bound by Terms of Service. Please review.
© 2017 American Express Company. All rights reserved.













































Douglas E. Buckminster of American Express Co Executive Profile

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



American Express Co
 AXP


			Morningstar Rating
		



Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Key Executives
                > Douglas E. Buckminster
            
Douglas E. Buckminster, President, Global Consumer Services



Profile
Connections






Biography



    Mr. Buckminster (56) has been President, Global Consumer Services since October 2015. Prior thereto, he had been President, Global Network and International Card Services since February 2012 and President, International Consumer and Small Business Services since November 2009.
    





Board Membership




Douglas E. Buckminster is not a member of any boards




 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 















Executive Profile | American Express Company | Douglas E. Buckminster | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Douglas E. Buckminster 

		
		President, Global Consumer Services Group, 

	
		 American Express Company 	

 
Last Updated: 07/26/2017 



Executive Summary
Douglas Buckminster serves as the President of the Global Consumer Services Group at American Express Company, a role to which he was named in October 2015. Buckminster is responsible for the international consumer card, lending, insurance and product marketing functions at American Express.  Most recently, he served as President  
Personal Attributes and Interests

Buckminster is married, to Dianne.
Buckminster bought a loft in the TriBeCa neighborhood in Manhattan in 2014. 
Current Focus

IT, Digital Reorganization: CEO Ken Chenault announced a major corporate reorganization in 2016 affecting various departments. “American Express is widely recognized for our strength in marketing, having attr 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1960.
Buckminster earned a Bachelor’s degree from Boston University in 1982. 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























Get This Complete Profile





First Name

Last Name

Company

My Role



I sell to the C-suite
		
I market to the C-suite
		
I consult to the C-suite
		
I recruit the C-suite
		
Other
		


Business Email

Phone

Email this Profile











			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us



















Douglas E Buckminster - Hingham, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Douglas E Buckminster in Hingham, MA


Douglas E Buckminster

                                                                           Intelius found that Douglas E Buckminster  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Hingham, MA.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Douglas E Buckminster is in his 80s

Douglas Has Lived In

Hingham, MA
San Francisco, CA
New York, NY

Douglas's Relatives

Marcia Buckminster
Lynn Buckminster
Mark Buckminster
Scott Buckminster







Douglas E Buckminster



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Professional Status
Crunchbase



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Douglas? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Douglas, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Douglas E Buckminster
Get a Criminal Check on Douglas E Buckminster
Get a Public Record Report on Douglas E Buckminster
Get a People Search Report on Douglas E Buckminster


Douglas E Buckminster's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Douglas E Buckminster has lived as well as Douglas E Buckminster's phone numbers and email addresses.




Douglas E Buckminster Has Lived in 4 States
Massachusetts Address for Douglas E Buckminster


34 C****** S* 

Hingham, MA


Has Lived In

Hingham, MA
San Francisco, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Douglas E Buckminster

(212) ***-**** - New York, NY 
(774) ***-**** - Hingham, MA 
(774) ***-**** - Hingham, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Douglas E Buckminster



Get Email Report




Douglas E Buckminster's Professional Information
Information regarding Douglas E Buckminster's professional history.  Find out previous places Douglas E Buckminster has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Douglas E Buckminster Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Crunchbase
               
Douglas E Buckminster's Experience
Title: 
               Company: Crunchbase
Job Details
               Crunchbase Daily provides an overview of important tech stories ranging from new product releases to fundraising to more general news about tech giants.
Additional Professional Information on Douglas E Buckminster

 See Douglas E Buckminster's LinkedIn Profile



Douglas E Buckminster's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Douglas E Buckminster


Douglas E Buckminster's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Douglas E Buckminster's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Douglas Buckminster
Username Matches

                  DouglasBuckminster
                  BuckminsterDouglas
                  Douglas.Buckminster
                  Buckminster.Douglas
                  Douglas_Buckminster
                  Buckminster_Douglas
                  Douglas-Buckminster
                  Buckminster-Douglas
                  DBuckminster
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Buckminster







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Douglas E. Buckminster - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Douglas E. Buckminster
President, Global Consumer Services at American Express


View Full Profile
Are you Douglas E. Buckminster? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Douglas E. Buckminster's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Douglas E. Buckminster's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Douglas E. Buckminster's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Douglas E. Buckminster through your network of contacts.
												








Douglas E. Buckminster's Executive Work History


Current


President, Global Consumer Services, 
American Express


Past
To view Douglas E. Buckminster's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Douglas E. Buckminster's Biography




			Mr. Buckminster (56) has been President, Global Consumer Services since October 2015. Prior thereto, he had been President, Global Network and International Card Services since February 2012 and President, International Consumer and Small Business Services since November 2009.
		
Source: American Express on 02/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Douglas E. Buckminster's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Douglas E. Buckminster. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Douglas E. Buckminster's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Douglas E. Buckminster's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Douglas E. Buckminster through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Douglas E. Buckminster


















Douglas E. Buckminster's Connections (49)





Sign up now to view Douglas E. Buckminster's 49 connections »









Steven S. Reinemund
Board Member, Marriott International, Inc.









Daniel T. Henry
Board Member, Veritiv Corporation









Michael O. Leavitt
Board Member, Medtronic plc









Samuel J. Palmisano
Board Member, Exxon Mobil Corporation









Daniel L. Vasella
Board Member, Pepsico, Inc.









Theodore J. Leonsis
Lead Independent Director, Groupon, Inc.









Laureen E. Seeger
Executive Vice President and General Counsel, American Express









Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express









Charlene Barshefsky
Board Member, American Express









Daniel H. Schulman
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, PayPal Holdings, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















American Express (AXP) Directors and Executive Officers - CSIMarket






 














Company Name or Ticker Symbol








Search for other Categories













HOME
STOCKS


Stock Profile
Company Fundamentals
Company Financials
Company Expectations
Company Descriptions
Charts & Quotes
News
Company Suppliers
Company Competitors
Company Markets  Customers
Economic Indicators


INDUSTRIES


Performance by Industry
Growth Rates by Industry
Profitability by Industry
Valuation by Industry
Financial Strength by Industry


ECONOMY


Advance Monthly Sales
Consumer Price Index CPI
Producer Price Index PPI
Retail Inventories
Personal Income
Gross Domestic Product GDP
Money Supply
Industrial Production
Productivity
Employment Situation
U.S. International Trade
Factory orders
Durable Goods
Construction Spending
Housing Starts
Vehicle Unit Sales


MARKETS


Stocks
Indices
Sectors & Industries
Financials
Commodities
Foreign Exchange


SCREENING


Stock Performance Screening
Profitability Screening
Valuation Screening
Dividend Screening
Financial Strength Screening
Efficiency Screening
Expectations Screening
Mgmnt. Effectivness Screening


NEWS


Stock News
Economy News
Industry News
Other News


GLOSSARY


Financial Terms
Technical Analysis
Fundamental Analysis
Energy Terms
Manufacturing Terms
Transportation Terms
Health Care
Insurance Terms
Economy Terms
Hotel & Leisure Terms


HELP


Company Profile
Fundamentals


Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend


Financials


Business Segments
Income Statement
Balance Sheets
Cash Flow Statement
Geographic Information
Operating Statistics


Expectations

Earnings Outlook
Revenue Outlook
Earnings Guidance
Revenue Guidance


Descriptions

Business Description
Officers & Directors


Charts & Quotes


Comparison Charts
Candle Charts
OHLC Charts
Logarithmic Charts
Line Charts
Tehnical Upper Indicators
Tehnical Lower Indicators
Weekly Charts
Monthly Charts




News
Suppliers


Company's Suppliers Performance
Suppliers Stock Performance
Suppliers Growth Rates
Suppliers Data
Suppliers Efficiency
Suppliers Management Effectiveness
Suppliers Valuation
Suppliers by Company's Segments
Suppliers by Segment Contribution
Suppliers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Suppliers Segments Income Growth Rates


Competition


Competition by Company's Segments
Segment Market Share
Competition Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Competition Segments Income Growth Rates
Company's Competition Performance
Company's Competitors Results
Competitors Stock Performance
Competitors Growth Rates
Company's Competition Data
Competitors Efficiency
Competitors Management Effectiveness
Competitors Valuation


Customers & Markets


Company's Customers Demand
Customers Expenditure Growth Rates
Customers Performance
Customers Stock Performance
Customers Growth Rates
Customers Data
Customers Efficiency
Customers Management Effectiveness
Customers Valuation
Customers by Company's Segments
Customers by Segment Contribution
Customers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Customers Segments Income Growth Rates


Economic Indicators




 





Business Description
Officers & Directors






 


American Express Company  (AXP)                



Other Ticker:  



 

  


 







  
 Sector • 
      Financial    Industry

• Consumer Financial Services


Tweet
 










 
 American Express Company	
Officers & Directors







DOUGLAS E. BUCKMINSTER 
 President, International Consumer and Global Network Services
  Mr. Buckminster (51) has been President, International Consumer and Global Network 
  Services since February 2012. He has been President, International Consumer 
  and Small Business Services of the Company since November 2009. Prior thereto 
  he had been Executive Vice President, International Consumer Products and Marketing 
  since July 2002.

  JAMES BUSH 
 Executive Vice President, World Service
  Mr. Bush (53) has been Executive Vice President, World Service since October 
  2009. Prior thereto, he served as Executive Vice President, U.S. Service Delivery 
  Network since June 2005. Prior thereto, he served as Regional President for 
  the Japan, Asia/Pacific, Australia (JAPA) region since September 2001.

  KENNETH I. CHENAULT 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Mr. Chenault (60) has been Chairman since April 2001 and Chief Executive Officer 
  since January 2001.

  KEVIN COX 
 Executive Vice President, Human Resources
  Mr. Cox (47) has been Executive Vice President, Human Resources of the Company 
  since April 2005.

  EDWARD P. GILLIGAN 
 Vice Chairman
  Mr. Gilligan (52) has been Vice Chairman of the Company and head of the Company’s 
  Global Consumer and Small Business Card Issuing, Network and Merchant businesses 
  since October 2009. Prior thereto, he had been Vice Chairman of the Company 
  and head of the Company’s Global Business to Business Group since July 
  2007. Prior thereto, he had been Group President, American Express International 
  & Global Corporate Services since July 2005.

  WILLIAM H. GLENN 
 President, Global Corporate Payments and Business Travel
  Mr. Glenn (54) has been President, Global Corporate Payments and Business Travel 
  since November 2011. Prior thereto, he had been President, Global Merchant Services 
  since June 2007. Prior thereto, he had been President of Merchant Services North 
  America and Global Merchant Network Group since September 2002.

  ASH GUPTA 
 Chief Risk Officer and President, Risk and Information Management
  Mr. Gupta (58) has been President of Risk and Information Management and Chief 
  Risk Officer since July 2007. Prior thereto, he had been Executive Vice President 
  and Chief Risk Officer of the Company since July 2003.

  JOHN D. HAYES 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
  Mr. Hayes (57) has been Executive Vice President since May 1995 and Chief Marketing 
  Officer of the Company since August 2003.

  DANIEL T. HENRY 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
  Mr. Henry (62) has been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
  of the Company since October 2007. Since February 2007, Mr. Henry had been serving 
  as Executive Vice President and Acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
  Prior thereto, he had been Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
  U.S. Consumer, Small Business and Merchant Services since October 2005 and Executive 
  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, U.S. Consumer and Small Business 
  Services since August 2000.

  LOUISE M. PARENT 
 Executive Vice President and General Counsel
  Ms. Parent (61) has been Executive Vice President and General Counsel since 
  May 1993.

  THOMAS SCHICK 
 Executive Vice President, Corporate and External Affairs
  Mr. Schick (65) has been Executive Vice President, Corporate and External Affairs 
  since March 1993.

  DANIEL H. SCHULMAN 
 Group President, Enterprise Growth
  Mr. Schulman (54) has been Group President, Enterprise Growth since August 2010. 
  Mr. Schulman joined American Express from Sprint Nextel Corporation, where he 
  served as President of the Prepaid group from 2009 until August 2010. Before 
  joining Sprint, Mr. Schulman was the founding CEO of Virgin Mobile USA, a mobile 
  virtual operator, acquired by Sprint in 2009. Prior to that he was CEO of priceline.com 
  and spent the early part of his career with AT&T, where he ultimately led 
  the company’s consumer long distance business.

  JOSHUA G. SILVERMAN 
 President, U.S. Consumer Services
  Mr. Silverman (43) has been President, U.S. Consumer Services since July 2011. 
  Before joining American Express, Mr. Silverman served as Executive in Residence 
  for Greylock Ventures, a venture capital firm, from October 2010 until June 
  2011. Mr. Silverman was the Chief Executive Officer of Skype from 2008 until 
  October 2010. Prior to that he was a senior executive at eBay from 2003 until 
  2008 and was Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Evite, the social event 
  planning site, which he ran until it was sold to IAC in 2001.

  STEPHEN J. SQUERI 
 Group President, Global Corporate Services
  Mr. Squeri (52) has been Group President, Global Corporate Services since November 
  2011. Prior thereto, he had been Group President, Global Services, since October 
  2009. From May 2005 to October 2009, he served as Executive Vice President and 
  Chief Information Officer for the Company. In addition, from July 2008 to September 
  2010, he was the head of Corporate Development, overseeing mergers and acquisitions 
  for the Company. Prior thereto, he had been President, Global Commercial Card 
  since February 2002.

  ANRÉ WILLIAMS 
 President, Global Merchant Services
  Mr. Williams (46) has been President of Global Merchant Services since November 
  2011. Prior thereto, he had been President of Global Corporate Payments since 
  June 2007. Prior thereto, he had been Executive Vice President of U.S. Commercial 
  Card from January 2004 through May 2007 and Senior Vice President of U.S. Middle 
  Market within the Commercial Card business from February 2002 through December 
  2003.


 
 






Business Segments Results
Competition By Business Segments
Geographic Information






 





CSIMarket Company, Sector, Industry, Market Analysis, Stock Quotes, Earnings, Economy, News and Research.  Free Stock Market News Feeds     Copyright � 2017 CSIMarket, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy - UPDATED (Read about our Privacy Policy)
Intraday Data provided by Barchart and subject to terms of use. To view Intraday Stock Data Java must be installed. Java content may be prohibited by the security software, to see the stock quotes, choose "allow content from this page" option.
Stock Price, historical and current end-of-day data provided by eoddata. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Barchart and Eoddata. All quotes are in local exchange time. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and other exchanges. Fundamental and financial data for Stocks, Sector, Industry, and Economic Indicators provided by CSIMarket.com







AXP Douglas E. Buckminster Insider Trades for American Express Co.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































American Express Co.

                  NYSE: AXP
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

American Express Co.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 26, 2017, 5:18 p.m.


AXP

/quotes/zigman/217470/composite


$
85.15




Change

-0.15
-0.18%

Volume
Volume 67,271
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/217470/composite
Previous close

$
			85.41
		


$
				85.30
			
Change

-0.11
-0.13%





Day low
Day high
$85.17
$85.72










52 week low
52 week high

            $59.50
        

            $86.28
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Douglas E. Buckminster



Mr. Douglas E. Buckminster is President-Global Network at American Express Co.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/28/2017
3,000


 
Disposition at $79.24 per share.


237,720


04/28/2017
1,240


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


04/25/2017
46,950


 
Disposition at $80.78 per share.


3,792,621


04/25/2017
50,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $58.54 per share.


2,927,000


01/28/2017
6,236


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $76.85 per share.


479,237


01/28/2017
11,344


 
Award at $76.85 per share.


871,786


12/07/2016
46,779


 
Disposition at $74.39 per share.


3,479,890


12/07/2016
50,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $57.77 per share.


2,888,500


01/29/2016
9,443


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $53.5 per share.


505,201


01/29/2016
16,893


 
Award at $53.5 per share.


903,775


11/11/2015
46,345


 
Disposition at $72.85 per share.


3,376,234


11/11/2015
49,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $51.87 per share.


2,567,565


01/26/2015
11,682


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $83.3 per share.


973,111


01/26/2015
20,038


 
Award at $83.3 per share.


1,669,165


03/03/2014
40,000


 
Disposition at $89.56 per share.


3,582,400


01/27/2014
9,340


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $85.72 per share.


800,625


01/27/2014
20,174


 
Award at $85.72 per share.


1,729,315


01/27/2014
912


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $85.72 per share.


78,177


01/27/2014
1,969


 
Award at $85.72 per share.


168,782


06/05/2013
30,386


 
Disposition at $74.96 per share.


2,277,735


06/05/2013
60,774


 
Disposition at $74.96 per share.


4,555,620


06/05/2013
30,845


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $45.77 per share.


1,411,775


06/05/2013
37,128


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $43.98 per share.


1,632,889


01/29/2013
5,137


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $59.45 per share.


305,395


01/28/2013
24,856


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $59.07 per share.


1,468,244


01/28/2013
52,493


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/28/2013
932


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $59.07 per share.


55,054


01/28/2013
1,968


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


11/19/2012
27,880


 
Disposition at $55.09 per share.


1,535,910


11/19/2012
37,128


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29.24 per share.


1,085,622





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Kenneth Irvine Chenault 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Jeffrey C. Campbell 
Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Marc D. Gordon 
Chief Information Officer & Executive VP




Ms. Karen  Chan 
Head-Corporate Services




Mr. Ken  Sebastian 
Vice President-Global Business Development




Mr. Stephen J. Squeri 
Vice Chairman




Mr. Ashwini  Gupta 
President-Credit Risk & Information Management




Mr. Paul D. Fabara 
Chief Risk Officer & President-Global Risk




Ms. Susan  Sobbott 
President-Global Corporate Payments




Mr. Anré D. Williams 
President-Global Merchant Services




Ms. Nancy  Testa 
Chief Diversity Officer




Mr. James  Bush 
Executive Vice President-World Service




Mr. Douglas E. Buckminster 
President-Global Network




Ms. Claire M. Bennett 
Executive VP-Global Travel & Lifestyle Services




Ms. Susan  Chapman-Hughes 
Senior Vice President-US Account Development




Ms. Glenda Goodly McNeal 
Executive Vice President & GM-Global Client Group




Mr. Erich  Ringewald 
Vice President-Software Product Management




Ms. Denise  Pickett 
President-American Express Open




Mr. John Joseph Brennan 
Director




Mr. David L. Yowan 
Corporate Treasurer & Executive Vice President




Ms. Linda K. Zukauckas 
Executive Vice President & Controller




Ms. Kerri  Bernstein 
Investor Relations Contact




Mr. Ken  Paukowits 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Marina  Norville 
Vice President-Public Affairs & Communications




Mr. Richard  Petrino 
Press Contact




Mr. Sherwood S. Willard 
Head-Investor Relations




Mr. Michael J. O'Neill 
Executive VP-Corporate Affairs & Communications




Mr. L. Kevin Cox 
Chief Human Resources Officer




Ms. Carol V. Schwartz 
Secretary




Ms. Laureen E. Seeger 
Executive Vice President & General Counsel




Dr. Anne Marie Alice  Lauvergeon 
Independent Director




Mr. Ralph  de la Vega 
Independent Director




Mr. Ted J. Leonsis 
Independent Director




Ms. Charlene  Barshefsky 
Independent Director




Mr. Ronald A. Williams 
Independent Director




Dr. Richard C. Levin 
Independent Director




Mr. Michael O. Leavitt 
Independent Director




Mr. Samuel J. Palmisano 
Independent Director




Dr. Daniel Lucius  Vasella 
Independent Director




Mr. Peter F. Chernin 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert D. Walter 
Lead Independent Director




Ms. Ursula M. Burns 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:45 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:11aHuawei smartphone shipments jump; revenue soars
4:09aFoxtons profit falls 64% as Brexit hits market
4:09aJust Eat profit jumps 46%; ups revenue guidance
4:03aFTSE 100 steady as AstraZeneca plunges, Diageo surges 
3:34aDaily Mail revenue up; warns on some markets
3:33aWeir profit jumps on strong oil and gas showing
3:32aSmith & Nephew profit rises; on track for targets
3:31aSpain's unemployment rate drops to 17.22%
3:31aVolkswagen profit up; lifts sales guidance
3:31aThomas Cook loss halves; backs full-year guidance
3:30aLloyds profit narrows on £1 bln compensation bill
3:30aAirbus profit down 34% on lower plane deliveries
3:30aTate & Lyle profit ahead: backs full-year guidance
3:29aOil majors sustain profits despite crude's slide
3:28aAstraZeneca's Mystic cancer drug trial fails
3:17aAstraZeneca's Mystic lung cancer trial fails to meet endpoint 
3:08aAstraZeneca tumbles 15% after decline in quarterly revenue 
3:07aDeutsche Bank shares falls 3.3% after earnings report 
3:05aAnglo American up 3.6% after dividend reinstatement 
3:04aGermany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,247.10 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















douglas e buckminster - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Buckminster at Amazon.com - Buy Buckminster at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Buckminster at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,576 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100





Searches related todouglas e buckminster



douglas buckminster american express


douglas e buckminster email


doug buckminster american express


american express executives email add...



american express ceo contact informat...


american express ceo email


kenneth i chenault contact information


american express executives




Web Results

Douglas E. Buckminster - Executive Bio, Compensation ...

people.equilar.com/bio/douglas-buckminster-american-express/salary/...


View Douglas E. Buckminster, President, Global Consumer Services at American Express, New York, NY, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at ...


Douglas E. Buckminster - Boardroom Insiders

https://www.boardroominsiders.com/.../Douglas-E.-Buckminster


Download an in-depth executive profile of American Express Company, President, Global Consumer Services Group, Douglas E. Buckminster.


Douglas E. Buckminster - President of International ...

https://www.crunchbase.com/person/douglas-e-buckminster


Mr. Douglas E. Buckminster has been the President of International Consumer and Global Network Services of American Express Company since February 2012. Mr.


Mr. Douglas E. Buckminster - American Express Executive

executives.findthecompany.com/l/108890/Mr-Douglas-E-Buckminster


Find compensation and employment information for Mr. Douglas E. Buckminster (American Express), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Douglas E Buckminster, 56 - New York, NY | MyLife.com ...

https://www.mylife.com/douglas-buckminster/e82338094038


View free background profile for Douglas E Buckminster on MyLife.com™ - Phone ... You now have access to view Douglas Buckminster's Premium Background Report.


Douglas E. Buckminster - ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Douglas-Buckminster/1238018411


View Douglas Buckminster's business profile as Head of the Global Consumer Services Group at American Express Company and see work history, affiliations and more.


Douglas E Buckminster - Tuxedo Park, NY | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Douglas-Buckminster/Tuxedo Park-NY...


Get full contact details for Douglas E Buckminster in Tuxedo Park, NY instantly. We found 10 addresses, 7 phone numbers, and 7 relatives and/or associates connected ...


Douglas E. Buckminster - REDBOOKS

https://www.redbooks.com/dotCMS/showPeople?dispatch=showPeople&...


Read the latest updates for Douglas E. Buckminster, the President, Global Consumer Services Group at American Express Company. REDBOOKS aggregates over 800K sources ...


Officers & Directors - American Express Investor Relations

ir.americanexpress.com/Officers-and-Directors


Douglas E. Buckminster President, ... Mr. Buckminster has been President, ... American Express Company, April 2001 to present.


15 American Express Executives' Email Addresses – Consumerist

https://consumerist.com/2009/03/20/13-american-express-executives...


15 American Express Executives' Email Addresses. By Ben Popken March 20, ... douglas.e.buckminster@aexp.com, douglas.buckminster@aexp.com, william.h.glenn@aexp.com ...










We Found Them | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com



View Background Report for Anyone at Your Fingertips!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Buckminster at Amazon.com - Buy Buckminster at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Buckminster at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,576 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals



Dads & Grads Electronic




Save UP to 20% For Dad



Fathers Gifts Under $50



Makita $20 off $100




Searches related todouglas e buckminster



douglas buckminster american express


douglas e buckminster email


doug buckminster american express


american express executives email add...



american express ceo contact informat...


american express ceo email


kenneth i chenault contact information


american express executives




12345Next














Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.





















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.

























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







