


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Join Elizabeth
















































JOIN ELIZABETH'S OFFICIAL EMAIL LIST TODAY




I've spent most of my career standing up to Wall Street and working to level the playing field for middle class families. Washington is rigged for those who can hire armies of lawyers and lobbyists – and we need to fight back.

I’m fighting to put power back where it belongs — in the hands of the American people. Will you join me?


- Elizabeth







Email *


ZIP *




ADD MY NAME







ARE YOU READY TO FIGHT?









Paid for by Elizabeth for MA













Fix the following errors:Hide


​




 




Forget Taxes, Warren Buffett Says. The Real Problem Is Health Care. - The New York Times
















































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|Forget Taxes, Warren Buffett Says. The Real Problem Is Health Care.







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2po9x4O








Advertisement













 



Supported by




Forget Taxes, Warren Buffett Says. The Real Problem Is Health Care.



 
 



 Andrew Ross Sorkin
 


DEALBOOK
MAY 8, 2017





Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Video

Warren Buffett on Health Care


“It was huge what they did cutting taxes for the rich,” said Warren Buffett, chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway, on the House G.O.P. health care bill.

                    By CNBC on                                                                Publish Date May 8, 2017.
                                    

                    Photo by CNBC.
                
Watch in Times Video »







embed










OMAHA — “The tax system is not crippling our business around the world.”That was Warren E. Buffett, the chairman and chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway, over the weekend at the company’s annual meeting, known as “Woodstock for capitalists.”Mr. Buffett, in a remarkably blunt and pointed remark, implicitly rebuked his fellow chief executives, who have been lobbying the Trump administration and Washington lawmakers to lower corporate taxes.In truth, Mr. Buffett said, a specter much more sinister than corporate taxes is looming over American businesses: health care costs. And chief executives who have been maniacally focused on seeking relief from their tax bills would be smart to shift their attention to these costs, which are swelling and swallowing their profits.It was clarifying to hear Mr. Buffett frame things this way. The need for corporate tax relief has become the lodestar of the corner office, with C.E.O.s rhapsodizing over President Trump’s plan to try to stimulate growth by cutting tax rates for businesses.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

But as Mr. Buffett pointed out, these chief executives are missing the bigger issue — the one that should be their Holy Grail. As a percentage of our gross domestic product, the cost of maintaining our American health care system — hospitals, H.M.O.s, doctor visits, prescription drugs, medical devices, insurance companies, Medicare — is rising at an alarming rate. And Corporate America pays a big (and growing) chunk of the bill. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





We’re not talking about the cost of health insurance, which is a fraction of the overall cost.Today’s corporate tax rates, Mr. Buffett seemed to suggest, are a distraction, not a true impediment to growth.“If you go back to 1960 or thereabouts, corporate taxes were about 4 percent of G.D.P.,” Mr. Buffett said. “I mean, they bounced around some. And now, they’re about 2 percent of G.D.P.”By contrast, he said, while tax rates have fallen as a share of gross domestic product, health care costs have ballooned. About 50 years ago, he said, “health care was 5 percent of G.D.P., and now it’s about 17 percent.”His is one of the most cogent arguments for renewing attention on the underlying costs of our health care system — an issue far beyond the debate around the Affordable Care Act and what it is going to look like if it is repealed and replaced.Mr. Buffett said our global competitiveness had fallen largely because our businesses were paying far more for health care — a tax by another name — than those in other countries.


            Corporate Tax Rates Are Falling Worldwide        

            The United States has the highest corporate tax rate among the world’s industrialized nations, several of which have recently cut their rates.         







%403020100CanadaFranceGermanyIrelandJapanMexicoBritainUnited StatesChina200020022004200620082010201220142017



%403020100CanadaFranceGermanyIrelandJapanMexicoBritainChinaUnited States200020022004200620082010201220142017



%403020100CanadaFranceGermanyIrelandJapanMexicoBritainUnited States200020022004200620082010201220142017



%403020100CanadaFranceGermanyIrelandJapanMexicoBritainUnited StatesChina2000200520102017







            Source: Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development; KPMG        


At his annual shareholders’ conference, which drew tens of thousands of people to Omaha, he gave a virtual seminar on the economics of health care that chief executives and lawmakers would be helped by hearing. He demonstrated in stark terms that the constant refrain from the business community about taxes should probably be redirected toward trying to bend the cost curve of health care.“When American business talks about strangling our competitiveness, or that sort of thing, they’re talking about something that as a percentage of G.D.P. has gone down,” Mr. Buffett said. “While medical costs, which are borne to a great extent by business,” have swelled.
Photo






Warren E. Buffett on Saturday at Berkshire Hathaway’s shareholders meeting in Omaha, where he repeated his argument that “medical costs are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness.”

Credit
            Rick Wilking/Reuters        


He is right: In 1960, corporate taxes in the United States were about 4 percent of G.D.P., which is probably the best way to measure the burden on businesses. Then the percentage fell steadily, reaching its bottom in 1983 before rising slightly over the last several decades. Today, it is 1.9 percent.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

In the meantime, health care costs as a percent of G.D.P. have skyrocketed, significantly diverging with those of other industrial countries. Our health care costs stand at 17.1 percent of G.D.P., up from 13.1 percent in 1995.The figure in Germany is only 11.3 percent, up from 9.4 percent during the same period. Japan’s is 10.2 percent, up from 6.6 percent. Britain’s health care costs are 9.1 percent of G.D.P., up from 6.7 percent in 1995. And China’s is only at 5.5 percent, up from 3.5 percent.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




That puts the United States at a material disadvantage far beyond the tax differential. And it harms American companies in particular, since they bear such a big share of those costs. Corporations spend $12,591 on average for coverage of a family of four, up 54 percent since 2005, according to a study by the Kaiser Family Foundation.“Medical costs are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness,” Mr. Buffett said, using a metaphor he has employed in the past to describe the insidious and parasitic costs of our health care system.Mr. Buffett is a Democrat, but his business partner, Charles T. Munger, is a Republican — and a rare one who has advocated a single-payer health care system. Under his plan, which Mr. Buffett agrees with, the United States would enact a sort of universal type of coverage for all citizens — perhaps along the lines of the Medicaid system — with an opt-out provision that would allow the wealthy to still get concierge medicine.Our bloated health care system, Mr. Buffett asserted, is the true barrier to America’s world competitiveness as well as “the single biggest variable where we keep getting more and more out of whack with the rest of the world.”But people don’t talk about it enough. “It’s very tough for political parties to attack it, but it’s basically a political subject,” Mr. Buffett said in reply to a question I had posed. (I was one of three journalists and three analysts who, along with shareholders, peppered Mr. Buffett and Mr. Munger with questions during the meeting.)That’s not to say corporate tax reform won’t help, but it is tiny relative to fixing health care.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Indeed, Mr. Buffett said, even if Washington put in place a tax credit for capital investment, he did not think that BNSF — the railroad company he owns, which spends billions on fixing rail tracks — would do its job faster or better because of the potential tax credit.“I can’t recall sending anything out to our managers saying, ‘Let’s do this because the tax law is going to change,’” Mr. Buffett said.Mr. Munger, the vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, added: “We’re not going to change anything at the railroad just for some little tax jiggle.”Neither man, however, is expecting the bigger tax — health care — to be fixed anytime soon.“On this issue, both parties hate each other so much that neither one can think rationally, and I don’t think that helps, either,” Mr. Munger said.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage










Warren Buffett, at Berkshire Meeting, Condemns Republican Health Care Bill
MAY 6, 2017












DEALBOOK 

Warren Buffett Holds Forth on Sharing the Wealth
MAY 2, 2016












DEALBOOK 

Berkshire’s Warren Buffett Shows His Teddy Bear Image Has Tough Side
MAY 4, 2015












DEALBOOK 

A Warning From Buffett About Banks
MARCH 2, 2015


























DealBook










                                Scaramucci on Trump: ‘He’s My Client’            
JUL 24








                                Why Nelson Peltz Wants P.&G. to See Him as a ‘Constructivist’            
JUL 17








                                E-Commerce as a Jobs Engine? One Economist’s Unorthodox View            
JUL 10








                                Can Good Corporate Citizenship Be Measured?            
JUN 26








                                A Proposed Bankruptcy for Banks That Will Lead to Bailouts            
JUN 26













Related Coverage







Warren Buffett, at Berkshire Meeting, Condemns Republican Health Care Bill
MAY 6, 2017












DEALBOOK 

Warren Buffett Holds Forth on Sharing the Wealth
MAY 2, 2016












DEALBOOK 

Berkshire’s Warren Buffett Shows His Teddy Bear Image Has Tough Side
MAY 4, 2015












DEALBOOK 

A Warning From Buffett About Banks
MARCH 2, 2015















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times




























Warren Buffett Way: Products

   










































				
				        United States
				        Change

Contact Us
Help
My Account
Cart














NEWSLETTER/  CONTACT US

Follow Us
Find us on Facebook
"In investing, it is not necessary to do extraordinary things to get extraordinary results." — Warren Buffett




Products

The Warren Buffett Way Products
Additional Warren Buffett Products
Additional Value Investing Products


Investing Tools & Resources

Warren Buffett Investment Process
Discounted Cash-Flow Model


DiscussionForum
About Warren Buffett

Biography
Quotes


Berkshire Hathaway Investments

Current Holdings
Historical Holdings


About Us

About The Warren Buffett Way
Testimonials
Connect with Us
Newsletters
Contact Us
Website Feedback
Terms of Use
Disclaimer













Home






The Warren Buffett Way Products




Browse by Product

The Warren Buffett Way Products
Additional Warren Buffett Products
Additional Value Investing Products




Testimonials
"Robert Hagstrom presents an in-depth examination of Warren Buffett's strategies, and the 'how and why' behind his selection of each of the major equity securities that have contributed to his remarkable record of success. His 'homespun' wisdom and philosophy are also part of this comprehensive, interesting, and readable book."
—John C. Bogle, Chairman, 
The Vanguard Group
"Warren Buffett is often characterized simply as a 'value investor' or a 'Ben Graham disciple.' Hagstrom fills in the rest of the story with some immensely practical pointers on prospering in the market."
—Martin S. Fridson,  
Managing Director, Merrill Lynch
Read More Testimonials



About the Author, Robert Hagstrom
Robert Hagstrom is one of the best-known authors of investment books for general audiences. He has written nine books, including the New York Times best-selling The Warren Buffett Way and The Warren Buffett Portfolio: Mastering the Power of the Focus Investment Strategy. Robert is a graduate of Villanova University with a BA and MA and is a Chartered Financial Analyst. He lives with his family in Villanova, Pennsylvania. Visit Robert's website at http://RobertHagstrom.com.
Read Full Biography





Master the Skills That Made Warren Buffett the World's Greatest Investor






The Warren Buffett Way, 3rd Edition
A New York Times Bestseller — Over 1 Million Sold!
by Robert G. Hagstrom
$29.95
Better than ever, the third edition of The Warren Buffett Way explains the timeless principles and strategies that made Warren Buffett the greatest investor of our time. Drawing on ideas from behavioral finance, the new edition shows how investors can master the challenges of long-term investing and, in so doing, more closely emulate the Buffett Way of Investing. Highlights include:

How Buffett combines the best of value and growth investing
Analysis of Buffett's most important and most recent investments
How Buffett's behavioral, analytical, and organizational edge allows him to outperform other investors

The number one book on Buffett's methods, The Warren Buffett Way, Third Edition, provides a roadmap for mastering the stock selection and psychological skills that are the foundation of Buffett's success.









The Warren Buffett Way Workbook
by Robert G. Hagstrom, Russell Rhoads
$24.95
The Warren Buffett Way Workbook consists of over 500 questions and answers to help readers of The Warren Buffett Way test and further develop their knowledge of Buffett's hugely successful investment approach. The Workbook follows The Warren Buffett Way, Third Edition, providing a combination of multiple-choice and essay questions for each chapter in the core book. Highlights include:

Buying a business
Case studies on Buffett's most important stock purchases
The mathematics of investing

The perfect accompaniment to The Warren Buffett Way, Third Edition, and The Warren Buffett Way Video Course, the workbook will provide readers with a sure path to begin investing just like Warren Buffett.










The Warren Buffett Way Video Course
by Robert G. Hagstrom
$40.00
Narrated by The Warren Buffett Way author Robert G. Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way Video Course is an eloquent and inspiring presentation of Buffett's methods and how they can be applied by other investors. Hagstrom traces Buffett from his childhood to today, describing his intellectual influences and the evolution of his investing strategies. Highlights include:

What Buffett learned from Ben Graham, Phil Fisher, and Charlie Munger
Buffett's Twelve Immutable Tenets for selecting stocks
How behavioral finance lends insights into Buffett's success and how those insights can be used by individual investors

The 90-minute video will serve as a great introduction to Buffett for new investors and will help others already acquainted with Buffett to reinforce and better apply their knowledge.
Sample Video Clips

















    by John Wiley & Sons, Inc. or related companies.
    All rights reserved. Please read our Privacy Policy.
    















Warren Buffett - Wikipedia




















 







Warren Buffett

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Warren Buffett



Warren Buffett in 2005



Born
Warren Edward Buffett
(1930-08-30) August 30, 1930 (age 86)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Residence
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Pennsylvania (transferred)
University of Nebraska–Lincoln (B.S.)
Columbia University (M.S.)


Occupation
Investor, business magnate, and philanthropist


Years active
1951–present


Known for
Leadership of Berkshire Hathaway with Charlie Munger


Salary
US$100,000[1]


Net worth
US$73.3 billion (May 2017)


Spouse(s)
Susan Thompson
(m. 1952; her death 2004)
Astrid Menks
(m. 2006)


Children
Susan Alice Buffett
Howard Graham Buffett
Peter Buffett


Parent(s)
Howard Buffett
Leila Stahl Buffett


Relatives
Howard Warren Buffett (grandson)


Signature





Warren Edward Buffett (/ˈbʌfᵻt/; born August 30, 1930)[2] is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world,[3][4] and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $73.3 billion.[5]
Born in Omaha, Buffett developed an interest in business and investing in his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from University of Nebraska–Lincoln at the age of 19. Buffett went on to enroll and graduate from Columbia University where he learned and eventually molded his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham–value investing. He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham. After meeting Charlie Munger, Buffett created the Buffett Partnership. His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970,[6] and his business exploits have had him referred to as the "Wizard", "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media outlets.[7][8] He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.[9]
Buffett is a notable philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent[10] of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2009, with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, Warren founded The Giving Pledge, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.[11]
He is also active in contributing to political causes, having endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election;[12] he has publicly opposed the policies, actions, and statements of the current U.S. president, Donald Trump.[13]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career

2.1 Early business career
2.2 Assuming Berkshire
2.3 As a billionaire
2.4 2007-08 financial crisis
2.5 A capitalized Berkshire


3 Investment philosophy

3.1 Index funds and active management


4 Personal life

4.1 Health


5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 Political and economic views

6.1 Health care
6.2 Taxes
6.3 Trade deficit
6.4 Dollar and gold
6.5 China
6.6 Tobacco
6.7 Coal
6.8 Renewable energy
6.9 Expensing of stock options
6.10 Technology


7 See also
8 Bibliography

8.1 Books about Buffett


9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



Early life and education
Buffett was born in 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the second of three children and the only son of Leila (née Stahl) and Congressman Howard Buffett,[14] Buffett began his education at Rose Hill Elementary School. In 1942, his father was elected to the first of four terms in the United States Congress, and after moving with his family to Washington, D.C., Warren finished elementary school, attended Alice Deal Junior High School and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1947, where his senior yearbook picture reads: "likes math; a future stockbroker."[15] After finishing high school and finding success with his side entrepreneurial and investment ventures, Buffett wanted to skip college to go directly into business, but was overruled by his father.[16][17]
Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. He was inspired by a book he borrowed from the Omaha public library at the age of seven, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000.[18] Much of Buffett's early childhood years were enlivened with entrepreneurial ventures. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school, he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps, and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[19] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in three different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a war veteran.[20]




Investor Benjamin Graham was influential on young Buffett


Buffett's interest in the stock market and investing dated to schoolboy days he spent in the customers' lounge of a regional stock brokerage near his father's own brokerage office. On a trip to New York City at age ten, he made a point to visit the New York Stock Exchange. At 11, he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred for himself, and three for his sister Doris Buffett (founder of The Sunshine Lady Foundation).[21][22][23] At the age of 15, Warren made more than $175 monthly delivering Washington Post newspapers. In high school, he invested in a business owned by his father and bought a 40-acre farm worked by a tenant farmer. He bought the land when he was 14 years old with $1,200 of his savings. By the time he finished college, Buffett had accumulated $9,800 in savings (about $99,000 today).[20][24]
In 1947, Buffett entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He would have preferred to focus on his business ventures; however, he enrolled due to pressure from his father.[20] Warren studied there for two years and joined the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity.[25] He then transferred to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where at 19, he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. After being rejected by Harvard Business School, Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University upon learning that Benjamin Graham taught there. He earned a Master of Science in Economics from Columbia in 1951. After graduating, Buffett attended the New York Institute of Finance.[26]

The basic ideas of investing are to look at stocks as business, use the market's fluctuations to your advantage, and seek a margin of safety. That's what Ben Graham taught us. A hundred years from now they will still be the cornerstones of investing.[27][28][29]
— Warren Buffett

Investment career
For more details on Warren Buffett's time at Berkshire Hathaway, see List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Early business career
Buffett worked from 1951 to 1954 at Buffett-Falk & Co. as an investment salesman; from 1954 to 1956 at Graham-Newman Corp. as a securities analyst; from 1956 to 1969 at Buffett Partnership, Ltd. as a general partner and from 1970, as Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
In April 1952, Buffett discovered that Graham was on the board of GEICO insurance. Taking a train to Washington, D.C. on a Saturday, he knocked on the door of GEICO's headquarters until a janitor admitted him. There he met Lorimer Davidson, Geico's Vice President, and the two discussed the insurance business for hours. Davidson would eventually become Buffett's lifelong friend and a lasting influence,[30] and would later recall that he found Buffett to be an "extraordinary man" after only fifteen minutes. Buffett wanted to work on Wall Street; however, both his father and Ben Graham urged him not to. He offered to work for Graham for free, but Graham refused.[31]
Buffett returned to Omaha and worked as a stockbroker while taking a Dale Carnegie public speaking course.[32] Using what he learned, he felt confident enough to teach an "Investment Principles" night class at the University of Nebraska-Omaha. The average age of his students was more than twice his own. During this time he also purchased a Sinclair Texaco gas station as a side investment. However, this was not successful.[33]
In 1952,[34] Buffett married Susan Thompson at Dundee Presbyterian Church. The next year they had their first child, Susan Alice. In 1954, Buffett accepted a job at Benjamin Graham's partnership. His starting salary was $12,000 a year (about $107,000 today).[24] There he worked closely with Walter Schloss. Graham was a tough boss. He was adamant that stocks provide a wide margin of safety after weighing the trade-off between their price and their intrinsic value. The argument made sense to Buffett but he questioned whether the criteria were too stringent and caused the company to miss out on big winners that had other appealing features.[citation needed] That same year the Buffetts had their second child, Howard Graham. In 1956, Benjamin Graham retired and closed his partnership. At this time Buffett's personal savings were over $174,000 (about $1.53 million today)[24] and he started Buffett Partnership Ltd.




Buffett's home in Omaha, Nebraska


In 1957, Buffett operated three partnerships. He purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for $31,500.[35][36] In 1958 the Buffetts' third child, Peter Andrew, was born. Buffett operated five partnerships that year. In 1959, the company grew to six partnerships and Buffett met future partner Charlie Munger. By 1960, Buffett operated seven partnerships. He asked one of his partners, a doctor, to find ten other doctors willing to invest $10,000 each in his partnership. Eventually eleven agreed, and Buffett pooled their money with a mere $100 original investment of his own. In 1961, Buffett revealed that Sanborn Map Company accounted for 35% of the partnership's assets. He explained that in 1958 Sanborn stock sold at only $45 per share when the value of the Sanborn investment portfolio was $65 per share. This meant that buyers valued Sanborn stock at "minus $20" per share and were unwilling to pay more than 70 cents on the dollar for an investment portfolio with a map business thrown in for nothing which earned him a spot on Sanborn's board.[37]
Assuming Berkshire
In 1962, Buffett became a millionaire because of his partnerships, which in January 1962 had an excess of $7,178,500, of which over $1,025,000 belonged to Buffett. He merged these partnerships into one. Buffett invested in and eventually took control of a textile manufacturing firm, Berkshire Hathaway. He began buying shares in Berkshire from Seabury Stanton, the owner, whom he later fired. Buffett's partnerships began purchasing shares at $7.60 per share. In 1965, when Buffett's partnerships began purchasing Berkshire aggressively, they paid $14.86 per share while the company had working capital of $19 per share. This did not include the value of fixed assets (factory and equipment). Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway at a board meeting and named a new president, Ken Chace, to run the company. In 1966, Buffett closed the partnership to new money. He later claimed that the textile business had been his worst trade.[38] He then moved the business into the insurance sector, and, in 1985, the last of the mills that had been the core business of Berkshire Hathaway was sold. Buffett wrote in his letter: "... unless it appears that circumstances have changed (under some conditions added capital would improve results) or unless new partners can bring some asset to the partnership other than simply capital, I intend to admit no additional partners to BPL."[citation needed]
In a second letter, Buffett announced his first investment in a private business — Hochschild, Kohn and Co, a privately owned Baltimore department store. In 1967, Berkshire paid out its first and only dividend of 10 cents.[39] In 1969, following his most successful year, Buffett liquidated the partnership and transferred their assets to his partners. Among the assets paid out were shares of Berkshire Hathaway. In 1970, Buffett began writing his now-famous annual letters to shareholders. However, he lived solely on his salary of $50,000 per year and his outside investment income. In 1979, Berkshire began the year trading at $775 per share, and ended at $1,310. Buffett's net worth reached $620 million.[citation needed]
In 1973, Berkshire began to acquire stock in the Washington Post Company. Buffett became close friends with Katharine Graham, who controlled the company and its flagship newspaper, and joined its board. In 1974, the SEC opened a formal investigation into Buffett and Berkshire's acquisition of Wesco Financial, due to possible conflict of interest. No charges were brought. In 1977, Berkshire indirectly purchased the Buffalo Evening News for $32.5 million. Antitrust charges started, instigated by its rival, the Buffalo Courier-Express. Both papers lost money, until the Courier-Express folded in 1982.
In 1979, Berkshire began to acquire stock in ABC. Capital Cities announced a $3.5 billion purchase of ABC on March 18, 1985 surprising the media industry, as ABC was four times bigger than Capital Cities at the time. Buffett helped finance the deal in return for a 25% stake in the combined company.[40] The newly merged company, known as Capital Cities/ABC (or CapCities/ABC), was forced to sell some stations due to U.S. Federal Communications Commission ownership rules. The two companies also owned several radio stations in the same markets.[41]
In 1987, Berkshire Hathaway purchased a 12% stake in Salomon Inc., making it the largest shareholder and Buffett a director. In 1990, a scandal involving John Gutfreund (former CEO of Salomon Brothers) surfaced. A rogue trader, Paul Mozer, was submitting bids in excess of what was allowed by Treasury rules. When this was brought to Gutfreund's attention, he did not immediately suspend the rogue trader. Gutfreund left the company in August 1991.[42] Buffett became Chairman of Salomon until the crisis passed.[43]
In 1988, Buffett began buying The Coca-Cola Company stock, eventually purchasing up to 7% of the company for $1.02 billion.[44] It would turn out to be one of Berkshire's most lucrative investments, and one which it still holds.[citation needed]
As a billionaire
Buffett became a paper billionaire when Berkshire Hathaway began selling class A shares on May 29, 1990, with the market closing at US$7,175 a share.[45] In 1998 he acquired General Re (Gen Re) as a subsidiary in a deal that presented difficulties—according to the Rational Walk investment website, "underwriting standards proved to be inadequate," while a "problematic derivatives book" was resolved after numerous years and a significant loss.[46] Gen Re later provided reinsurance after Buffett became involved with Maurice R. Greenberg at AIG in 2002.[47]




Buffett meets with President Barack Obama at the White House in July 2011


During a 2005 investigation of an accounting fraud case involving AIG, Gen Re executives became implicated. On March 15, 2005, the AIG board forced Greenberg to resign from his post as Chairman and CEO after New York state regulators claimed that AIG had engaged in questionable transactions and improper accounting.[48] On February 9, 2006, AIG agreed to pay a US$1.6 billion fine.[49] In 2010 the U.S. government agreed to a US$92 million settlement with Gen Re, allowing the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary to avoid prosecution in the AIG case. Gen Re also made a commitment to implement "corporate governance concessions," which required Berkshire Hathaway’s Chief Financial Officer to attend General Re’s audit committee meetings and mandated the appointment of an independent director.[46]
In 2002, Buffett entered in US$11 billion worth of forward contracts to deliver U.S. dollars against other currencies. By April 2006, his total gain on these contracts was over US$2 billion. In 2006, Buffett announced in June that he gradually would give away 85% of his Berkshire holdings to five foundations in annual gifts of stock, starting in July 2006—the largest contribution would go to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.[50]
In 2007, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett announced that he was looking for a younger successor, or perhaps successors, to run his investment business.[51] Buffett had previously selected Lou Simpson, who runs investments at Geico, to fill the role; however, Simpson is only six years younger than Buffett.[citation needed]
2007-08 financial crisis
Buffett ran into criticism during the subprime crisis of 2007–2008, part of the recession that started in 2007, that he had allocated capital too early resulting in suboptimal deals.[52] "Buy American. I am." he wrote for an opinion piece published in the New York Times in 2008.[53] Buffett called the downturn in the financial sector that started in 2007 "poetic justice".[54] Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway suffered a 77% drop in earnings during Q3 2008 and several of his later deals suffered large mark-to-market losses.[55]
Berkshire Hathaway acquired 10% perpetual preferred stock of Goldman Sachs.[56] Some of Buffett's put options (European exercise at expiry only) that he wrote (sold) were running at around $6.73 billion mark-to-market losses as of late 2008.[57] The scale of the potential loss prompted the SEC to demand that Berkshire produce, "a more robust disclosure" of factors used to value the contracts.[57] Buffett also helped Dow Chemical pay for its $18.8 billion takeover of Rohm & Haas. He thus became the single largest shareholder in the enlarged group with his Berkshire Hathaway, which provided $3 billion, underlining his instrumental role during the crisis in debt and equity markets.[58]
In 2008, Buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion[59] by Forbes and at $58 billion[60] by Yahoo, overtaking Bill Gates, who had been number one on the Forbes list for 13 consecutive years.[61] In 2009, Gates regained the top position on the Forbes list, with Buffett shifted to second place. Both of the men's values dropped, to $40 billion and $37 billion respectively—according to Forbes, Buffett lost $25 billion over a 12-month period during 2008/2009.[62]
In October 2008, the media reported that Buffett had agreed to buy General Electric (GE) preferred stock.[63] The operation included special incentives: He received an option to buy three billion shares of GE stock, at $22.25, over the five years following the agreement, and Buffett also received a 10% dividend (callable within three years). In February 2009, Buffett sold some Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson shares from his personal portfolio.[64]
In addition to suggestions of mistiming, the wisdom in keeping some of Berkshire's major holdings, including The Coca-Cola Company, which in 1998 peaked at $86, raised questions. Buffett discussed the difficulties of knowing when to sell in the company's 2004 annual report:

That may seem easy to do when one looks through an always-clean, rear-view mirror. Unfortunately, however, it's the windshield through which investors must peer, and that glass is invariably fogged.[65]

In March 2009, Buffett said in a cable television interview that the economy had "fallen off a cliff ... Not only has the economy slowed down a lot, but people have really changed their habits like I haven't seen". Additionally, Buffett feared that inflation levels that occurred in the 1970s—which led to years of painful stagflation—might re-emerge.[66][67]
A capitalized Berkshire




Buffett in 2015 at his annual Berkshire Shareholders Meeting


On August 14, 2014, the price of Berkshire Hathaway's shares hit US$200,000 a share for the first time, capitalizing the company at US$328 billion. While Buffett had given away much of his stock to charities by this time, he still held 321,000 shares worth US$64.2 billion. On August 20, 2014, Berkshire Hathaway was fined $896,000 for failing to report December 9, 2013 purchase of shares in USG Corporation as required.[68]
In 2009, Buffett invested $2.6 billion as a part of Swiss Re's campaign to raise equity capital.[69][70] Berkshire Hathaway already owned a 3% stake, with rights to own more than 20%.[71] Also in 2009, Buffett acquired Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp. for $34 billion in cash and stock. Alice Schroeder, author of Snowball, said that a key reason for the purchase was to diversify Berkshire Hathaway from the financial industry.[72] Measured by market capitalization in the Financial Times Global 500, Berkshire Hathaway was the eighteenth largest corporation in the world as of June 2009.[73]
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors,

I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.[74]

The merger with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) closed upon BNSF shareholder approval in 1Q2010. This deal was valued at approximately $34 billion and represented an increase of the previously existing stake of 22%.[citation needed]
In June 2010, Buffett defended the credit-rating agencies for their role in the US financial crisis, claiming:

Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble. That's the nature of bubbles – they're mass delusions.[75]

On March 18, 2011, Goldman Sachs was given Federal Reserve approval to buy back Berkshire's preferred stock in Goldman. Buffett had been reluctant to give up the stock, which averaged $1.4 million in dividends per day,[76][77] saying:

I'm going to be the Osama bin Laden of capitalism. I'm on my way to an unknown destination in Asia where I'm going to look for a cave. If the U.S. Armed forces can't find Osama bin Laden in 10 years, let Goldman Sachs try to find me.[78]

In November 2011, it was announced that over the course of the previous eight months, Buffett had bought 64 million shares of International Business Machine Corp (IBM) stock, worth around $11 billion. This unanticipated investment raised his stake in the company to around 5.5 percent—the largest stake in IBM alongside that of State Street Global Advisors. Buffett had said on numerous prior occasions that he would not invest in technology because he did not fully understand it, so the move came as a surprise to many investors and observers. During the interview, in which he revealed the investment to the public, Buffett stated that he was impressed by the company's ability to retain corporate clients and said, "I don't know of any large company that really has been as specific on what they intend to do and how they intend to do it as IBM."[79]

External video




 Testing Mattresses with Warren Buffett, 3:24, gatesnotes[80]



In May 2012, Buffett's acquisition of Media General, consisting of 63 newspapers in the south-eastern U.S., was announced.[81] The company was the second news print purchase made by Buffett in one year.[82]
Interim publisher James W. Hopson announced on July 18, 2013 that the Press of Atlantic City would be sold to Buffett’s BH Media Group by ABARTA, a private holding company based in Pittsburgh, U.S. At the Berkshire shareholders meeting in May 2013, Buffett explained that he did not expect to "move the needle" at Berkshire with newspaper acquisitions, but he anticipates an annual return of 10 percent. The Press of Atlantic City became Berkshire's 30th daily newspaper, following other purchases such as Virginia, U.S.' Roanoke Times and The Tulsa World in Oklahoma, U.S.[83]
During a presentation to Georgetown University students in Washington, D.C. in late September 2013, Buffett compared the U.S. Federal Reserve to a hedge fund and stated that the bank is generating "$80 billion or $90 billion a year probably" in revenue for the U.S. government. Buffett also advocated further on the issue of wealth equality in society:

We have learned to turn out lots of goods and services, but we haven’t learned as well how to have everybody share in the bounty. The obligation of a society as prosperous as ours is to figure out how nobody gets left too far behind.[84]

After the difficulties of the economic crisis, Buffett managed to bring its company back to its pre-recession standards: in Q2 2014, Berkshire Hathaway made $6.4 billion in net profit, the most it had ever made in a three-month period.[85]
Investment philosophy
Warren Buffett's writings include his annual reports and various articles. Buffett is recognized by communicators[86] as a great story-teller, as evidenced by his annual letters to shareholders. He warned about the pernicious effects of inflation:[87]

The arithmetic makes it plain that inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislatures. The inflation tax has a fantastic ability to simply consume capital. It makes no difference to a widow with her savings in a 5 percent passbook account whether she pays 100 percent income tax on her interest income during a period of zero inflation, or pays no income taxes during years of 5 percent inflation.
— Buffett, Fortune (1977)

In his article "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", Buffett rebutted the academic efficient-market hypothesis, that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance", by highlighting the results achieved by a number of students of the Graham and Dodd value investing school of thought. In addition to himself, Buffett named Walter J. Schloss, Tom Knapp, Ed Anderson (Tweedy, Browne LLC), William J. Ruane (Sequoia Fund, Inc.), Charles Munger (Buffett's own business partner at Berkshire), Rick Guerin (Pacific Partners, Ltd.), and Stan Perlmeter (Perlmeter Investments).[88] In his November 1999 Fortune article, he warned of investors' unrealistic expectations:[89]

Let me summarize what I've been saying about the stock market: I think it's very hard to come up with a persuasive case that equities will over the next 17 years perform anything like—anything like—they've performed in the past 17. If I had to pick the most probable return, from appreciation and dividends combined, that investors in aggregate—repeat, aggregate—would earn in a world of constant interest rates, 2% inflation, and those ever hurtful frictional costs, it would be 6%!
— Buffett, Fortune (1999)

Index funds and active management
Towards his later life, particularly following the global financial crisis of 2007-8, Buffett became an increasingly vocal critic of active management, i.e., mutual funds and hedge funds. Buffett is skeptical that active management and stock-picking can outperform the market in the long run, and has advised both individual and institutional investors to move their money to low-cost index funds that track broad, diversified stock market indices. Buffett said in one of his letters to shareholders that "when trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients."[90] In 2007, Buffett made a bet with numerous managers that a simple S&P 500 index fund will outperform hedge funds that charge exorbitant fees. By 2017, the index fund was outperforming every hedge fund that had made the bet against Buffett by a significant margin.[90]
Personal life




Buffett with Gary Green in 2010


In 1949, Buffett was infatuated with a young woman whose current boyfriend had a ukulele. In an attempt to compete, he bought one of the diminutive instruments and has been playing it ever since. Though the attempt was unsuccessful, his music interest was a key part of his becoming a part of Susan Thompson's life and led to their marriage. Buffett often plays the instrument at stock holder meetings and other opportunities. His love of the instrument led to the commissioning of two custom Dairy Queen ukuleles by Dave Talsma, one of which was auctioned for charity.[91]
Buffett married Susan Buffett (née Thompson) in 1952. They had three children, Susie, Howard and Peter. The couple began living separately in 1977, although they remained married until Susan Buffett's death in July 2004. Their daughter, Susie, lives in Omaha, is a national board member of Girls, Inc., and does charitable work through the Susan A. Buffett Foundation.[citation needed]
In 2006, on his 76th birthday, Buffett married his longtime companion, Astrid Menks, who was then 60 years old—she had lived with him since his wife's departure to San Francisco in 1977.[92][93] Susan had arranged for the two to meet before she left Omaha to pursue her singing career. All three were close and Christmas cards to friends were signed "Warren, Susie and Astrid".[94] Susan briefly discussed this relationship in an interview on the Charlie Rose Show shortly before her death, in a rare glimpse into Buffett's personal life.[95]
Buffett disowned his son Peter's adopted daughter, Nicole, in 2006 after she participated in the Jamie Johnson documentary The One Percent about the growing economic inequality between the wealthy and the average citizen in the United States. Although his first wife referred to Nicole as one of her "adored grandchildren",[96] Buffett wrote her a letter stating, "I have not emotionally or legally adopted you as a grandchild, nor have the rest of my family adopted you as a niece or a cousin."[97][98][99]
His 2006 annual salary was about US$100,000, which is small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.[100] In 2008, he earned a total compensation of $175,000, which included a base salary of just $100,000.[101] He continued to live in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, a fraction of today's value. He also owns a $4 million house in Laguna Beach, California.[102] In 1989, after spending nearly $6.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet, Buffett named it "The Indefensible". This act was a break from his past condemnation of extravagant purchases by other CEOs and his history of using more public transportation.[103]


“
Bridge is such a sensational game that I wouldn't mind being in jail if I had three cellmates who were decent players and who were willing to keep the game going twenty-four hours a day.
”


— Buffett on bridge[104]


Buffett is an avid bridge player, which he plays with fellow fan Gates[105]—he allegedly spends 12 hours a week playing the game.[106] In 2006, he sponsored a bridge match for the Buffett Cup. Modeled on the Ryder Cup in golf—held immediately before it in the same city—the teams are chosen by invitation, with a female team and five male teams provided by each country.[107]
He is a dedicated, lifelong follower of Nebraska football, and attends as many games as his schedule permits. He supported the hire of Bo Pelini, following the 2007 season, stating, "It was getting kind of desperate around here".[108] He watched the 2009 game against Oklahoma from the Nebraska sideline, after being named an honorary assistant coach.[109]
Buffett worked with Christopher Webber on an animated series called "Secret Millionaires Club" with chief Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment. The series features Buffett and Munger, and teaches children healthy financial habits.[110][111]
Buffett was raised as a Presbyterian, but has since described himself as agnostic.[112] In December 2006, it was reported that Buffett does not carry a mobile phone, does not have a computer at his desk, and drives his own automobile,[113] a Cadillac DTS.[114] In 2013 he had an old Nokia flip phone and had sent one email in his entire life.[115] Buffett reads five newspapers every day, beginning with the Omaha World Herald, which his company acquired in 2011.
A September 2014 Fast Company article featured Buffett's “avoid at all cost” practice, used to prioritize personal goals. Buffett advises people to first create a list of the top 25 accomplishments that they would like to complete over the next few years of their life, and to then pick the five most-important list items. Buffett stated that people need to “avoid at all cost” the initial, longer list, as it would hinder the achievement of the top-five.[116]
Buffett's speeches are known for mixing business discussions with humor. Each year, Buffett presides over Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska, an event drawing over 20,000 visitors from both United States and abroad, giving it the nickname "Woodstock of Capitalism". Berkshire's annual reports and letters to shareholders, prepared by Buffett, frequently receive coverage by the financial media. Buffett's writings are known for containing quotations from sources as varied as the Bible and Mae West,[117] as well as advice in a folksy Midwestern style and numerous jokes.
In April 2017 Buffett (an avid Coca-Cola drinker and investor in said company) agreed to have his likeness placed on cherry coke products in China. Buffett was not compensated for this advertisement.[118][119]
Health
On April 11, 2012, Buffett was diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer during a routine test.[120] He announced he would begin two months of daily radiation treatment from mid-July; however, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett said he felt "great - as if I were in my normal excellent health - and my energy level is 100 percent". On September 15, 2012, Buffett announced that he had completed the full 44-day radiation treatment cycle, saying "it's a great day for me" and "I am so glad to say that's over".[121]
Wealth and philanthropy




Buffett, Kathy Ireland and Bill Gates at the 2015 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting


In 2008 he was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of approximately US$62 billion.[122] In 2009, after donating billions of dollars to charity, Buffett was ranked as the second richest man in the United States with a net worth of US$37 billion[123][124] with only Bill Gates ranked higher than Buffett. His net worth had risen to $58.5 billion as of September 2013.[125]
In 1999, Buffett was named the top money manager of the Twentieth Century in a survey by the Carson Group, ahead of Peter Lynch and John Templeton.[126] In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in the world.[127] In 2011, President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.[128] Most recently, Buffett, along with Bill Gates, was named the most influential global thinker in Foreign Policy's 2010 report.[129]
Buffett has written several times of his belief that, in a market economy, the rich earn outsized rewards for their talents.[130] His children will not inherit a significant proportion of his wealth. He once commented, "I want to give my kids just enough so that they would feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they would feel like doing nothing".[131]
Buffett had long stated his intention to give away his fortune to charity, and in June 2006, he announced a new plan to give 83% of it to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.[132] He pledged about the equivalent of 10 million Berkshire Hathaway Class B shares to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (worth approximately US$30.7 billion as of June 23, 2006),[133] making it the largest charitable donation in history, and Buffett one of the leaders of philanthrocapitalism.[134] The foundation will receive 5% of the total each July, beginning in 2006. (The pledge is conditional upon the foundation's giving away each year, beginning in 2009, an amount that is at least equal to the value of the entire previous year's gift from Buffett, in addition to 5% of the foundation's net assets.) Buffett joined the Gates Foundation's board, but did not plan to be actively involved in the foundation's investments.[135][136]
This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.[137] The bulk of the estate of his wife, valued at $2.6 billion, went there when she died in 2004.[138] He also pledged $50 million to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in Washington, where he began serving as an adviser in 2002.[139]
In 2006, he auctioned his 2001 Lincoln Town Car[140] on eBay to raise money for Girls, Inc.[141] In 2007, he auctioned a luncheon with himself that raised a final bid of $650,100 for the Glide Foundation.[142] Later auctions raised $2,110,100,[143][144] $1.68 million[145] and $3,456,789. The winners traditionally dine with Buffett at New York's Smith and Wollensky steak house. The restaurant donates at least $10,000 to Glide each year to host the meal.[146]
On December 9, 2010, Buffett, Bill Gates, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg signed a promise they called the "Gates-Buffett Giving Pledge", in which they promise to donate to charity at least half of their wealth, and invite other wealthy people to follow suit.[11][147]
Political and economic views




Buffett and President Obama in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010


In addition to political contributions over the years, Buffett endorsed and made campaign contributions to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. On July 2, 2008, Buffett attended a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Obama's campaign in Chicago.[148] Buffett intimated that John McCain's views on social justice were so far from his own that McCain would need a "lobotomy" for Buffett to change his endorsement.[149] During the second 2008 U.S. presidential debate, McCain and Obama, after being asked first by presidential debate mediator Tom Brokaw, both mentioned Buffett as a possible future Secretary of the Treasury.[150] Later, in the third and final presidential debate, Obama mentioned Buffett as a potential economic advisor.[151] Buffett was also finance advisor to California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger during his 2003 election campaign.[152]
On December 16, 2015, Buffett endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president.[12] On August 1, 2016, Buffett challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns.[153][154] On October 10, 2016, after another reference to him in the 2nd 2016 presidential debate, Buffett released his own tax return.[155][156] He said he had paid $1.85 million in federal income taxes in 2015 on an adjusted gross income of $11.6 million, meaning he had an effective federal income tax rate of around 16 percent. Buffett also said he had made more than $2.8 billion worth of donations last year.[156] Buffett said, "I have been audited by the IRS multiple times and am currently being audited. I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump -- at least he would have no legal problem." This was a measured response to Trump saying he was unable to release his tax information due to being under audit.[156]
Health care
Buffett described the health care reform under President Barack Obama as insufficient to deal with the costs of health care in the US, though he supports its aim of expanding health insurance coverage.[157] Buffett compared health care costs to a tapeworm, saying that they compromise US economic competitiveness by increasing manufacturing costs.[157] Buffett thinks health care costs should head towards 13 to 14% of GDP.[158] (Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the CMS actuary has projected health care costs will reach almost 20% of GDP by 2020.)[159] Buffett said "If you want the very best, I mean if you want to spend a million dollars to prolong your life 3 months in a coma or something then the US is probably the best", but he also said that other countries spend much less and receive much more in health care value (visits, hospital beds, doctors and nurses per capita).[160]
Buffett faults the incentives in the United States medical industry, that payers reimburse doctors for procedures (fee-for-service) leading to unnecessary care (overutilization), instead of paying for results.[161] He cited Atul Gawande's 2009 article in the New Yorker[162] as a useful consideration of US health care, with its documentation of unwarranted variation in Medicare expenditures between McAllen, Texas and El Paso, Texas.[161] Buffett raised the problem of lobbying by the medical industry, saying that they are very focused on maintaining their income.[163]


Play media


President Obama announcing the "Buffett Rule"


Taxes
See also: Buffett Rule
Buffett stated that he only paid 19% of his income for 2006 ($48.1 million) in total federal taxes (due to their source as dividends and capital gains, although the figure excluded the taxes on that income paid by the corporations that provided it), while his employees paid 33% of theirs, despite making much less money.[164] “How can this be fair?” Buffett asked, regarding how little he pays in taxes compared to his employees. "How can this be right?" He also added, "There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."[165][166] After Donald Trump accused him of taking "massive deductions," Buffett countered, "I have copies of all 72 of my returns and none uses a carryforward."[167]
Buffett favors the inheritance tax, saying that repealing it would be like "choosing the 2020 Olympic team by picking the eldest sons of the gold-medal winners in the 2000 Olympics".[168] In 2007, Buffett testified before the Senate and urged them to preserve the estate tax so as to avoid a plutocracy.[169] Some critics argued that Buffett (through Berkshire Hathaway) has a personal interest in the continuation of the estate tax, since Berkshire Hathaway benefited from the estate tax in past business dealings and had developed and marketed insurance policies to protect policy holders against future estate tax payments.[170] Buffett believes government should not be in the business of gambling, or legalizing casinos, calling it a tax on ignorance.[171]
Trade deficit
Buffett viewed the United States' expanding trade deficit as a trend that will devalue the US dollar and US assets. He predicted that the US dollar will lose value in the long run, as a result of putting a larger portion of ownership of US assets in the hands of foreigners. In his letter to shareholders in March 2005, he predicted that in another ten years' time the net ownership of the U.S. by outsiders would amount to $11 trillion.

Americans ... would chafe at the idea of perpetually paying tribute to their creditors and owners abroad. A country that is now aspiring to an 'ownership society' will not find happiness in – and I'll use hyperbole here for emphasis – a 'sharecropping society’.

Dollar and gold
The trade deficit induced Buffett to enter the foreign currency market for the first time in 2002. He substantially reduced his stake in 2005 as changing interest rates increased the costs of holding currency contracts. Buffett remained bearish on the dollar, stating that he was looking to acquire companies with substantial foreign revenues. Buffett emphasized the non-productive aspect of a gold standard for the United States dollar in 1998 at Harvard:

It gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.

In 1977, about stocks, gold, farmland and inflation, he stated:

Stocks are probably still the best of all the poor alternatives in an era of inflation – at least they are if you buy in at appropriate prices.[172]

China
Buffett invested in PetroChina Company Limited and in a rare move, posted a commentary[173] on Berkshire Hathaway's website stating why he would not divest over its connection with the Sudanese civil war that caused Harvard to divest. He sold this stake soon afterwards, sparing him the billions of dollars he would have lost had he held on to the company in the midst of the steep drop in oil prices beginning in the summer of 2008.
In October 2008, Buffett invested $230 million for 10% of battery maker BYD Company (SEHK: 1211), which runs a subsidiary of electric automobile manufacturer BYD Auto. In less than one year, the investment reaped over 500% return.[174]
Tobacco
During the RJR Nabisco, Inc. hostile takeover fight in 1987, Buffett was quoted as telling John Gutfreund:[175]

I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.
— Buffett, quoted in Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco

Speaking at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 1994 annual meeting, Buffett said investments in tobacco are:[176]

fraught with questions that relate to societal attitudes and those of the present administration. I would not like to have a significant percentage of my net worth invested in tobacco businesses. The economy of the business may be fine, but that doesn't mean it has a bright future.
— Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting

Coal
In 2007, Buffett's PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of his MidAmerican Energy Company, canceled six proposed coal-fired power plants. These included Utah's Intermountain Power Project Unit 3, Jim Bridger Unit 5, and four proposed plants previously included in PacifiCorp's Integrated Resource Plan. The cancellations came in the wake of pressure from regulators and citizen groups.[177]
Renewable energy
American Indian tribes and salmon fishermen sought to win support from Buffett for a proposal to remove four hydroelectric dams from the Klamath River. David Sokol responded on Buffett's behalf, stating that the FERC would decide the question.[178][179]
In December 2011, Buffett's MidAmerican Energy Holdings agreed to buy a $2 billion solar energy project under development in California and a 49 percent stake in a $1.8 billion plant in Arizona, his first investments in solar power. He already owned wind farms.[180]
Expensing of stock options
He has been a strong proponent of stock option expensing on corporate Income Statements. At the 2004 annual meeting, he lambasted a bill before the United States Congress that would consider only some company-issued stock options compensation as an expense, likening the bill to one that was almost passed by the Indiana House of Representatives to change the value of Pi from 3.14159 to 3.2 through legislative fiat.[181]

When a company gives something of value to its employees in return for their services, it is clearly a compensation expense. And if expenses don't belong in the earnings statement, where in the world do they belong?[182]

Technology
In May 2012, Buffett said he had avoided buying stock in new social media companies such as Facebook and Google because it is hard to estimate future value. He also stated that initial public offering (IPO) of stock are almost always bad investments. Investors should be looking to companies that will have good value in ten years.[183]
See also

List of University of Nebraska-Lincoln people
List of Columbia University alumni
List of University of Pennsylvania people

Bibliography
Books about Buffett
In October 2008, USA Today reported at least 47 books were in print with Buffett's name in the title. The article quoted the CEO of Borders Books, George Jones, as saying that the only other living persons named in as many book titles were U.S. presidents, world political figures and the Dalai Lama.[184] Buffett said that his own personal favorite is a collection of his essays called The Essays of Warren Buffett,[185] which he described as "a coherent rearrangement of ideas from my annual report letters".[184]
Books or publications by Buffett:

The Essays of Warren Buffett : Lessons for Corporate America, Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; revised edition (April 11, 2001), ISBN 978-0-9664461-1-1
The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition, Warren E. Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; 2nd edition (April 14, 2008), ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8

Some best-selling, or otherwise notable, books about Buffett:

Carol J. Loomis, Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything, 1966-2012: A Fortune Magazine Book.
Preston Pysh, Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books.[186] (An interactive book that references http://www.buffettsbooks.com for online videos)[184]
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett, Making of an American Capitalist
Robert Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way.[184][187]
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life.[188] (Written with Buffett's cooperation.)[189]
Mary Buffett and David Clark, Buffettology[190] and four subsequent books. (Combined sales of more than 1.5 million copies.)[184]
Janet Lowe, Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor.[191]
John Train, The Midas Touch: The Strategies That Have Made Warren Buffett 'America's Preeminent Investor'.[192]
Andrew Kilpatrick, Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.[193] (The longest of the books about Buffett, with 330 chapters, 1,874 pages and 1,400 photos, weighing 10.2 pounds.)[184]
Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
John P. Reese, "The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies".[194] (Includes step-by-step stock-picking method based on Buffett's approach)
Janet M. Tavakoli, Dear Mr. Buffett: what an investor learns 1,269 miles from Wall Street, John Wiley and Sons, 2008, ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6[195]
Vahan Janjigian, Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can—and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor[196]

References


^ "Warren E Buffett, CEO Compensation". Forbes. March 30, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "Warren Buffett Biography (1930–)". Biography.com (FYI / A&E Networks). Retrieved January 28, 2016. 
^ "Ten great investors". Incademy Investor Education. Harriman House Ltd. Archived from the original on November 20, 2015. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ Farrington, Robert. "The top 10 investors of all time". The College Investor. The College Investor, LLC. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved 11 May 2017. 
^ "The Greatest Investors: Warren Buffett". Investopedia.com. Retrieved March 6, 2009. 
^ Markels, Alex (July 29, 2007). "How to Make Money the Buffett Way". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. 
^ Sullivan, Aline (December 20, 1997). "Buffett, the Sage of Omaha, Makes Value Strategy Seem Simple: Secrets of a High Plains Investor". International Herald Tribune. 
^ Gogoi, Pallavi (May 8, 2007). "What Warren Buffett might buy". MSNBC. Retrieved May 9, 2007. 
^ Buffett, Warren (June 16, 2010). "My philanthropic pledge". CNN. 
^ a b "US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ a b Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy December 16, 2015
^ PBS NewsHour (June 26, 2017). "America should stand for more than just wealth, says Warren Buffett" – via YouTube. 
^ Blair, Elliot (January 29, 2004). "Nebraska family clashes over love, money and death". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett's High School Yearbook Totally Nailed What He Would Be When He Grew Up". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-05-15. 
^ Robert G. Hagstrom. "The Warren Buffett Way". Wiley Publishers. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert (2001). The Essential Buffett: Timeless Principles for the New Economy. Wiley. p. 24. 
^ Levere, Jane (January 30, 2017). "New HBO Documentary On Warren Buffett Uses Family Photos, Home Movies To Reveal His Life Story". Forbes. Retrieved July 7, 2017. A voracious reader his entire life, at age seven he read a book he borrowed from the library, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000, and, inspired by its lessons, began selling Coca-Cola, gum and newspapers. 
^ "Buffett 'becomes world's richest'". BBC. March 6, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ a b c "Warren Buffett Timeline". About Money. Retrieved April 30, 2015. 
^ "Doris Buffett works one-on-one to help with billionaire brother's charity, May 27, 2014". csmonitor.com. Retrieved January 4, 2015. 
^ "Special Feature, April 29, 1999: Berkshire and Buffett". Fool.com. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. p. 26. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
^ a b c Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Community Development Project. "Consumer Price Index (estimate) 1800–". Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Retrieved January 2, 2017. 
^ [1], The Daily Pennsylvanian.
^ "History". www.warrenbuffett.com. Retrieved 2016-12-13. 
^ Hagstrom 2005, p. 14 Warren Buffett is now the richest man in the world with $65 billion. GE Raises $15 billion; Buffett Gets Preferred Stake (Update3)
^ Heath, Jason (April 24, 2012). "What Warren Buffett’s cancer diagnosis can teach investors". Financial Post. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Cabot Heritage Corporation (January 15, 2013). "Who is Warren Buffett? - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. p. 43. ISBN 0-385-48491-7. 
^ "Lecture at the University of Florida School of Business – Transcript (PDF document)" (PDF). Intelligent Investor. October 15, 1998. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ ""Person to Person": Warren Buffett". CBS News. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2008). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell. p. 169. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Schudel, Matt (July 30, 2004). "Susan T. Buffett, 72, Dies; Wife of Billionaire Investor". The Washington Post. p. B06. Retrieved July 13, 2009. 
^ "Billionaire Houses". Retrieved October 20, 2016. 
^ Poppick, Susie (May 1, 2016). "This Is How Much It Costs to Live Next Door to Warren Buffett". Time. Retrieved October 1, 2016. 
^ "The Evolution of Warren Buffett's Career from 1936 to 2013". The Value Investing Blog of Old School Value. 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2017-02-04. 
^ Buffett's Worst Trade. CNBC. October 18, 2010. 
^ Graham Kenny (3 August 2009). Diversification Strategy: How to Grow a Business by Diversifying Successfully. Kogan Page Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 978-0-7494-5833-1. 
^ Kleinfield, N.R. "ABC is being sold for $3.5 billion; 1st network sale". The New York Times, March 19, 1985.
^ "FCC approval of Capcities/ABC deal likely". Broadcasting, March 25, 1985.
^ "Inaction Can be as Dangerous as Bad Action, Aly Gonenne, Class of 2004, Duke Leadership Development Initiative". Mbaa.fuqua.duke.edu. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Redirecting Archived March 8, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Learn About the Life and Business of Billionaire, Warren Buffett". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-03-03. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway Inc. historical prices". Google Finance. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ a b "General Re Settlement in AIG Case Closes Difficult Chapter". The Rational Walk. The Rational Walk. January 21, 2010. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Warren E. Buffett (February 21, 2003). "Berkshire’s Corporate Performance vs. the S&P 500" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Diane Brady, Marcia Vickers, Mike McNamee (April 10, 2005). "AIG: What Went Wrong". Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved August 16, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "AIG to Pay $800 Million to Settle Securities Fraud Charges by SEC; Over $1.6 billion to be Paid to Resolve Federal and New York State Actions". Securities and Exchange Commission. February 9, 2006. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. 
^ "HELP WANTED: Warren Buffett Replacement". ABC News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Crippen, Alex. "WSJ to Warren Buffett: "Time to Get a New Crystal Ball"". CNBC. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (October 16, 2008). "Buy American. I am.". The New York Times. Retrieved December 25, 2012. 
^ Dabrowski, Wojtek (February 7, 2008). "Buffett: Bank woes are "poetic justice"". Reuters. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Even Buffett Can't Escape Markets, Storms; Berkshire Profit Falls 77%". Insurance Journal. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ Press Release. "Berkshire Hathaway to Invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs". Goldman Sachs. Archived from the original on December 20, 2008. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (November 24, 2008). "Buffett to disclose more on derivatives". Reuters. Retrieved November 27, 2008. 
^ Fontanella, James (July 11, 2008). "ftalphaville.ft.com, Buffett helps Dow pay $19bn for R&H". Financial Times. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "#1 Warren Buffett". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Buffett overtakes Gates to top new Forbes list". Reuters. October 10, 2008. Archived from the original on October 14, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "#2 Warren Buffett – The World's Billionaires 2009". Forbes. February 13, 2009. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Clark, Andrew (October 1, 2008). "Warren Buffett to buy $3bn of General Electric preferred stock". The Guardian. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway unloads J&J and P&G". Financial Express. February 17, 2009. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Schroeder, Alice The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life ISBN 0-553-80509-6 Bantam Sept 2008
^ Josh Funk, "Buffett says nation will face higher unemployment", AP on Seattle Times, March 9, 2009. Retrieved November 28, 2010.
^ "Buffett: The economy has 'fallen off a cliff'", MSN.com, March 9, 2009 . Retrieved April 3, 2009.
^ Stempel, Jonathan (August 20, 2014) UPDATE 3-U.S. fines Berkshire over stock deal, Buffett admits mistake. Reuters.com. Retrieved August 21, 2014.
^ Lionel Laurent (February 5, 2009). "Buffett Sinks Billions Into Swiss Re". Forbes. 
^ Jolly, David (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re Gets $2.6 billion From Berkshire Hathaway". The New York Times. 
^ Haig Simonian, Francesco Guerrera (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re turns to Buffett for new funding". The Financial Times. 
^ "Alice Schroeder on Buffett and BNI; Which Company Will Berkshire Hathaway Acquire Next?". GuruFocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ FTGlobal500.pdf June 2009,FT.com
^ "Warren Buffett’s Multi-Billion Mistake with ConocoPhillips (COP)". Gurufocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Credit rating agencies not to blame for crisis says Buffett". Insideireland.ie. June 3, 2010. Archived from the original on August 2, 2012. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Berkshire Will Not Exercise Goldman Sachs Warrants Immediately". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Harper, Christine (March 18, 2011). "Goldman Sachs to Pay $5.65 billion to Redeem Buffett’s Stake". Business Week. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Where Will Warren Buffett Hide From Goldman Sachs?". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ "Buffett sheds tech aversion with big IBM investment". Reuters. November 14, 2011. 
^ "Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs". MarketWatch. Dow Jones & Company. June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 9, 2017. 
^ "Warren Buffett invests in Media General newspapers". BBC News. May 17, 2012. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (May 17, 2012). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys Media General newspaper group". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Crippen, Alex (July 18, 2013). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bets on Atlantic City". CNBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ Buhayar, Noah (September 20, 2013). "Buffett Calls Federal Reserve History’s Greatest Hedge Fund". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ "Warren Buffett’s firm just made the most money ever in a single quarter". August 2, 2014. 
^ Lou Hoffman, The Hoffman Agency. "Startup lessons learned from Warren Buffett." April 13, 2010. Retrieved, April 16, 2010.
^ How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor, Warren Buffett, Fortune, May 1977
^ "Official Buffett Biography to Hit Shelves". The New York Times. August 12, 2008. Retrieved August 15, 2008. 
^ Warren Buffett; Carol Loomis (November 22, 1999). "Mr. Buffett on the Stock Market". Fortune. 
^ a b "Warren Buffett, 'Oracle of Omaha', criticizes Wall Street and praises immigrants". Reuters via the Guardian. 25 February 2017. 
^ Yates, Chelsea. "The Billionaire and the Ukulele". Hear Nebraska. 
^ Bailey, Jeff; Dash, Eric (September 1, 2006). "How Does Warren Buffett Get Married? Frugally, It Turns Out". The New York Times. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Brian Goodman (August 31, 2006). "Wedding Bells For Warren Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. Random House. ISBN 0-8129-7927-3. 
^ "Susan Buffett in Her Own Words: Conversations with Charlie Rose". Bookworm Omaha. Archived from the original on December 23, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008.  Also freely available at Hulu.
^ The Rich Man's Michael Moore Wall Street Journal, Robert Frank. February 23, 2008
^ Goodman, Leah McGrath (December 2008). "The Billionaire's Black Sheep". Marie Claire. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Nichols, Michelle (February 21, 2008). "Documentary on wealth gap divides Buffett family". Reuters. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2009). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Random House. pp. 656–657. ISBN 978-0-553-38461-1.  Excerpt available at Google Books.
^ Smith, Rich (June 29, 2005). "Stupid CEO Tricks". Motley Fool. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Warren E. Buffett, Equilar Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Chairman's Letter 1989". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Owen, David (September 17, 2007). "Turning Tricks: The rise and fall of contract bridge.". The New Yorker. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ Moore, Martha T. (December 19, 2005). "Billionaires bank on bridge to trump poker". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Blackstone, John (February 17, 2008). "Bringing Back Bridge". CBS News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Doreen MacMillan (October 5, 2012). "Bridge Scene: United States team secures the 2012 Warren Buffett Cup". Collier Citizen. Scripps Media Inc. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "The Varsity Zone Talks Football with Warren Buffett". YouTube. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Sherman, Mitch (November 7, 2009). "From the sidelines: Can some of these guys suit up?". Omaha World-Herald.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Warren Buffett, Martha Stewart, Gisele Bündchen, and Kosmos Featuring Carl Sagan Headline New Slate of Purpose-Driven Entertainment for Children. Business Wire. July 24, 2009. Archived from the original on October 5, 2015. 
^ "CNBC TRANSCRIPT: Warren Buffett's 'Secret Millionaire's Club' Live Interview on Squawk Box". CNBC. 
^ Wired article Faces of the New Atheism: The Scribe published November 2006. Retrieved November 10, 2009.
^ "How Warren Buffett made his billions". Rediff.com. December 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Taylor III, Alex (June 4, 2006). "Buffett backs GM – and buys a Caddy". CNN. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Piers Morgan (October 22, 2013). "Warren Buffett on cell phones, email, and material goods". CNN. Retrieved November 11, 2014. 
^ Vivian Giang (September 3, 2014). "4 ODD YET EFFECTIVE WAYS THE SMARTEST PEOPLE PRIORITIZE THEIR DAYS". Fast Company. Mansueto Ventures, LLC. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "Chairman's Letter—1993". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "How billionaire Warren Buffett became the face of Cherry Coke in China". ABC News. 2017-04-05. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ France-Presse, Agence (2017-04-05). "Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Cherry Coke in China". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer". BBC News. Retrieved December 27, 2015. 
^ Sam Ro (September 15, 2012). "Warren Buffett Completes Cancer Treatments". Business Insider. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Boyle, Christina (October 1, 2009). "Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Christy Walton top 2009's 'Forbes 400: Richest Americans' list". Daily News. New York. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett signs over $30.7B to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation". USA Today. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "The Forbes 400: The Richest People In America". Forbes. Retrieved June 29, 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffett and Peter Lynch Voted Top Money Managers of the Century". Business Wire. November 22, 1999. Archived from the original on December 9, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Cramer, James J. (April 19, 2003). "Warren Buffett". TIME. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Julianna Goldman (February 15, 2011). "Obama Honors Buffett, George H.W. Bush With Medal of Freedom". Bloomberg. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers". Foreign Policy. November 29, 2010. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor", Warren E. Buffett, Fortune May 1977 #
^ An Exclusive Hour with Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates. Charlie Rose. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. Retrieved December 22, 2015. 
^ "Gates: Buffett gift may help cure worst diseases". MSNBC. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "The birth of philanthrocapitalism". The Economist. February 23, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and STEPHANIE SAUL (June 26, 2006). "Buffett to Give Bulk of His Fortune to Gates Charity". The New York Times. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Yuki Noguchi (June 26, 2006). "Gates Foundation to Get Bulk of Buffett's Fortune". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ Carol J. Loomis (June 25, 2006). "A conversation with Warren Buffett". Fortune. 
^ "Most of Susan Buffett Estate to Go to Foundation". The Foundation Center. August 11, 2004. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "America's Most-Generous Donors, Rank: 1 Warren E. Buffett, Chronicle of Philanthropy". Philanthropy.com. February 22, 2007. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Chapnick, Nate. "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Archived from the original on June 4, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "girls-inc". eBay. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Lindsay Goldwert (July 1, 2007). "Lunch With Warren Buffett? $650,100, Charity Auction Winner Bids Big Money For Steak Lunch With Billionaire Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Zuill, Lilla (June 28, 2008). "uk.reuters.com, Warren Buffett lunch sells for record $2.11 mln". Uk.reuters.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "cnbc.com, Warren Buffett Charity Lunch Auction Ends with High Bid of $2,110,100". Cnbc.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Funk, Josh (June 6, 2010). "Buffett hopes lunch auction again draws big bids". Associated Press. Archived from the original on June 8, 2010. Retrieved June 7, 2010. 
^ "Cost to lunch with Warren Buffett: $3.5 million". Yahoo! News. June 9, 2012. 
^ Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Archived from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 
^ Michael Luo and Christopher Drew (July 3, 2008). "Obama Picks Up Fund-Raising Pace". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ ""Squawk Box" Transcript: Becky Quick Sits Down with Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett". CNBC. Retrieved September 12, 2008. 
^ "Transcript of second McCain, Obama debate". CNN. October 10, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "Obama appoints Buffett as economic adviser". Reuters. November 7, 2008. Archived from the original on July 24, 2013. 
^ USA Today: Schwarzenegger taps Buffett as finance advisor August 14, 2003
^ Haskell, John; Hansler, Jennifer (August 1, 2016). "Warren Buffett Challenges Trump to Show Tax Returns, Says He's 'Afraid'". ABC News. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump says general election may be ‘rigged’". Los Angeles Times. August 1, 2016. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Transcript of the Second Debate". The New York Times. 2016-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b c "Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump". Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  6 minutes in.
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  7 minutes in.
^ Keehan SP, Sisko AM, Truffer CJ, et al. (August 2011). "National health spending projections through 2020: economic recovery and reform drive faster spending growth". Health Aff (Millwood). 30 (8): 1594–605. PMID 21798885. doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2011.0662. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  4 minutes in.
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  9 to 10 minutes in.
^ Atul Gawande (June 1, 2009). "The Cost Conundrum – What a Texas town can teach us about health care". The New Yorker. Retrieved June 29, 2011. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  11 minutes in.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes: 24, 42–3. November 26, 2007. 
^ Ben Stein, "In Class Warfare, Guess Which Class Is Winning", New York Times, November 26, 2006
^ Dave Zweifel, "Plain Talk: There's Class War, and Rich Are Winning", The Cap Times, October 6, 2010
^ Pramuck, Jacob. "Warren Buffett fires back at Donald Trump's comments about his taxes." CNBC. 10 October 2016. 10 October 2016.
^ "Rich Americans back inheritance tax". BBC. February 14, 2001. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Jim Snyder (November 15, 2007). "Buffett tells Senate Finance panel 'dynastic' wealth on the rise in U.S.". The Hill (newspaper). Archived from the original on November 20, 2007. 
^ Berlau, John (August 23, 2004). "Buffetted. The Sage of Omaha loves the estate tax – as well he might". National Review. FindArticles. 
^ Ackman, Dan (October 11, 2004). "America, The Casino Nation". Forbes. Archived from the original on April 13, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren (May 1977). "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor". Fortune. 
^ "Shareholder Proposal Regarding Berkshire's Investment In PetroChina" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Warren Buffett's 500% Return from BYD: The Show Just Begun?". ChinaStakes. Retrieved September 16, 2009. 
^ Burrough, Bryan; Helyar, John (1990). Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-06-016172-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Jenell Wallace (April 25, 1994). "Warren Buffett Cools on His Attraction to Tobacco Business". Legacy Tobacco Documents Library, University of California San Diego Library. Bloomberg. 
^ "Utah Petition Encouraging Energy Diversification" (PDF). Public Service Commission of Utah. July 28, 2007. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 9, 2013. 
^ Josh Funk (May 3, 2008). "Buffett again rebuffs advocates who want Klamath dams out". USA Today. 
^ Bacher, Dan (May 1, 2009). "Klamath Dam Removal Advocates Call on Buffett’s Company To Close the Deal". Indybay.org. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Marc Roca and Ehren Goossens (December 20, 2011). "BP Deems Solar Unprofitable, Exiting Business After 40 Years". Bloomberg. 
^ "Warren Buffett, Fuzzy Math And Stock Options ". The Washington Post. July 6, 2004. p. A19. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (July 24, 2002). "Warren E. Buffett, Who Really Cooks the Books?". The New York Times. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Buffett on Facebook and Google: hard to estimate future valu". Chicago Sun-Times. Associated Press. May 7, 2012. Retrieved May 7, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Del Jones, "Book titles like to play the Warren Buffett name game," USA Today, October 22, 2008.
^ Buffett, Warren; Cunningham, Lawrence. The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition. The Cunningham Group. ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Pysh, Preston. Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books: A guide to the Intelligent Investor, Security Analysis, and the Wealth of Nations. Pylon Publishing Company. ISBN 978-0-98296-762-1. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert G.; Miller, Bill R.; Fisher, Ken (2005). The Warren Buffett Way. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley. ISBN 0-471-74367-4. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Schroeder, Alice. The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell Pub Group 2008. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Janet Maslin, "Books of The Times: The Richest Man and How He Grew (and Grew His Company, Too)," New York Times, September 28, 2008.
^ Buffett, Mary; Clark, David. Buffettology: The Previously Unexplained Techniques That Have Made Warren Buffett The World's Most Famous Investor. Scribner. ISBN 978-0-684-84821-1. 
^ Lowe, Janet. Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-15262-1. 
^ Train, John (1987). The midas touch: the strategies that have made Warren Buffett America's pre-eminent investor. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 978-0-06-015643-5. 
^ Kilpatrick, Andrew. Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett/2008 Cosmic Edition/2 volumes. Andy Kilpatrick Publishing Empire (AKPE). ISBN 978-1-57864-455-1. 
^ Reese, John P.; Jack Forehand (2009). The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-37709-3. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet (January 9, 2009). Dear Mr. Buffett: What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street. Wiley. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6. 
^ Janjigian, Vahan (May 1, 2008). Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can--and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor. Penguin. ISBN 9781440631474. 


Further reading

Schwartz, Mattathias (January 2010). "The Church of Warren Buffett". Harper's. 320 (1916): 27–35. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Warren Buffett





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Warren Buffett.



Berkshire Hathaway official website
The Buffett
Buffett Partnership Letters
"Warren Buffett's Letters to Shareholders". Berkshire Hathaway. 
Berkshire Hathaway SEC 13F Filings
Appearances on C-SPAN
Warren Buffett on Charlie Rose
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The Guardian.  
Works by or about Warren Buffett in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Stempel, Jonathan (February 12, 2008). "FACTBOX: Warren Buffett at a glance". Reuters. 



Honorary titles


Preceded by
Ingvar Kamprad
World's richest person
?–1995
Succeeded by
Bill Gates


Preceded by
Bill Gates
World's richest person
2008–2009








v
t
e


Graham Holdings Company



Corporate staff



Donald E. Graham (COB & CEO)





Kaplan, Inc.



Concord Law School
Dev Bootcamp
Dublin Business School
Kaplan Financial Ltd
Kaplan Law School
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan University
Schweser





Television stations




NBC affiliates



KPRC
WDIV
WSLS





ABC affiliate



KSAT





CBS affiliate



WKMG





CW affiliate



WCWJ





Independent station



WJXT








The Slate Group



Foreign Policy
Panoply Media
Slate












v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category












v
t
e


Buffett family



First generation



Howard H. Buffett

m. Leila Stahl Buffett







Second generation

Doris Buffett

Warren Buffett

m. 1st Susan T. Buffett
m. 2nd Astrid Menks


Roberta Buffett Elliott





Third generation



Children of Warren Buffett
Susan A. Buffett




m. Allen Greenberg




Howard G. Buffett




m. 1st Marcia Sue Duncan
m. 2nd Devon Morse




Peter Buffett




m. 1st Mary Buffet
m. 2nd Jennifer Buffett







Fourth generation



Children of Howard G. Buffett
Howard W. Buffett (m. Lili T. Buffett)


Step-children of Peter Buffett
Nicole Buffett
Erica Buffett





Companies and organizations



Berkshire Hathaway
Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation
Sherwood Foundation
Howard G. Buffett Foundation
NoVo Foundation
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars










Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 121622610
LCCN: n85256764
ISNI: 0000 0001 2149 5004
GND: 119261855
SELIBR: 387113
SUDOC: 050292668
BNF: cb13509178t (data)
NDL: 00722597
NKC: vse2005270947
BNE: XX1306624










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Warren_Buffett&oldid=791386992"					
Categories: 1930 births20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican agnosticsAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican salespeopleAmerican stockbrokersAmerican stock tradersAmerican venture capitalistsBerkshire Hathaway employeesBill & Melinda Gates Foundation peopleBuffett familyBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaBusinesspeople from NebraskaColumbia Business School alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayDirectors of The Coca-Cola CompanyEquity securitiesGiving PledgersGrinnell College peopleLiving peopleNebraska DemocratsPeople with cancerPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsStock and commodity market managersTechnical analystsThe Washington Post peopleUniversity of Nebraska–Lincoln alumniWoodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمازِرونیBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray吴语ייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Warren Buffett - Wikipedia




















 







Warren Buffett

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Warren Buffett



Warren Buffett in 2005



Born
Warren Edward Buffett
(1930-08-30) August 30, 1930 (age 86)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Residence
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Pennsylvania (transferred)
University of Nebraska–Lincoln (B.S.)
Columbia University (M.S.)


Occupation
Investor, business magnate, and philanthropist


Years active
1951–present


Known for
Leadership of Berkshire Hathaway with Charlie Munger


Salary
US$100,000[1]


Net worth
US$73.3 billion (May 2017)


Spouse(s)
Susan Thompson
(m. 1952; her death 2004)
Astrid Menks
(m. 2006)


Children
Susan Alice Buffett
Howard Graham Buffett
Peter Buffett


Parent(s)
Howard Buffett
Leila Stahl Buffett


Relatives
Howard Warren Buffett (grandson)


Signature





Warren Edward Buffett (/ˈbʌfᵻt/; born August 30, 1930)[2] is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world,[3][4] and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $73.3 billion.[5]
Born in Omaha, Buffett developed an interest in business and investing in his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from University of Nebraska–Lincoln at the age of 19. Buffett went on to enroll and graduate from Columbia University where he learned and eventually molded his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham–value investing. He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham. After meeting Charlie Munger, Buffett created the Buffett Partnership. His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970,[6] and his business exploits have had him referred to as the "Wizard", "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media outlets.[7][8] He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.[9]
Buffett is a notable philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent[10] of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2009, with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, Warren founded The Giving Pledge, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.[11]
He is also active in contributing to political causes, having endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election;[12] he has publicly opposed the policies, actions, and statements of the current U.S. president, Donald Trump.[13]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career

2.1 Early business career
2.2 Assuming Berkshire
2.3 As a billionaire
2.4 2007-08 financial crisis
2.5 A capitalized Berkshire


3 Investment philosophy

3.1 Index funds and active management


4 Personal life

4.1 Health


5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 Political and economic views

6.1 Health care
6.2 Taxes
6.3 Trade deficit
6.4 Dollar and gold
6.5 China
6.6 Tobacco
6.7 Coal
6.8 Renewable energy
6.9 Expensing of stock options
6.10 Technology


7 See also
8 Bibliography

8.1 Books about Buffett


9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



Early life and education
Buffett was born in 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the second of three children and the only son of Leila (née Stahl) and Congressman Howard Buffett,[14] Buffett began his education at Rose Hill Elementary School. In 1942, his father was elected to the first of four terms in the United States Congress, and after moving with his family to Washington, D.C., Warren finished elementary school, attended Alice Deal Junior High School and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1947, where his senior yearbook picture reads: "likes math; a future stockbroker."[15] After finishing high school and finding success with his side entrepreneurial and investment ventures, Buffett wanted to skip college to go directly into business, but was overruled by his father.[16][17]
Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. He was inspired by a book he borrowed from the Omaha public library at the age of seven, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000.[18] Much of Buffett's early childhood years were enlivened with entrepreneurial ventures. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school, he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps, and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[19] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in three different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a war veteran.[20]




Investor Benjamin Graham was influential on young Buffett


Buffett's interest in the stock market and investing dated to schoolboy days he spent in the customers' lounge of a regional stock brokerage near his father's own brokerage office. On a trip to New York City at age ten, he made a point to visit the New York Stock Exchange. At 11, he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred for himself, and three for his sister Doris Buffett (founder of The Sunshine Lady Foundation).[21][22][23] At the age of 15, Warren made more than $175 monthly delivering Washington Post newspapers. In high school, he invested in a business owned by his father and bought a 40-acre farm worked by a tenant farmer. He bought the land when he was 14 years old with $1,200 of his savings. By the time he finished college, Buffett had accumulated $9,800 in savings (about $99,000 today).[20][24]
In 1947, Buffett entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He would have preferred to focus on his business ventures; however, he enrolled due to pressure from his father.[20] Warren studied there for two years and joined the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity.[25] He then transferred to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where at 19, he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. After being rejected by Harvard Business School, Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University upon learning that Benjamin Graham taught there. He earned a Master of Science in Economics from Columbia in 1951. After graduating, Buffett attended the New York Institute of Finance.[26]

The basic ideas of investing are to look at stocks as business, use the market's fluctuations to your advantage, and seek a margin of safety. That's what Ben Graham taught us. A hundred years from now they will still be the cornerstones of investing.[27][28][29]
— Warren Buffett

Investment career
For more details on Warren Buffett's time at Berkshire Hathaway, see List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Early business career
Buffett worked from 1951 to 1954 at Buffett-Falk & Co. as an investment salesman; from 1954 to 1956 at Graham-Newman Corp. as a securities analyst; from 1956 to 1969 at Buffett Partnership, Ltd. as a general partner and from 1970, as Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
In April 1952, Buffett discovered that Graham was on the board of GEICO insurance. Taking a train to Washington, D.C. on a Saturday, he knocked on the door of GEICO's headquarters until a janitor admitted him. There he met Lorimer Davidson, Geico's Vice President, and the two discussed the insurance business for hours. Davidson would eventually become Buffett's lifelong friend and a lasting influence,[30] and would later recall that he found Buffett to be an "extraordinary man" after only fifteen minutes. Buffett wanted to work on Wall Street; however, both his father and Ben Graham urged him not to. He offered to work for Graham for free, but Graham refused.[31]
Buffett returned to Omaha and worked as a stockbroker while taking a Dale Carnegie public speaking course.[32] Using what he learned, he felt confident enough to teach an "Investment Principles" night class at the University of Nebraska-Omaha. The average age of his students was more than twice his own. During this time he also purchased a Sinclair Texaco gas station as a side investment. However, this was not successful.[33]
In 1952,[34] Buffett married Susan Thompson at Dundee Presbyterian Church. The next year they had their first child, Susan Alice. In 1954, Buffett accepted a job at Benjamin Graham's partnership. His starting salary was $12,000 a year (about $107,000 today).[24] There he worked closely with Walter Schloss. Graham was a tough boss. He was adamant that stocks provide a wide margin of safety after weighing the trade-off between their price and their intrinsic value. The argument made sense to Buffett but he questioned whether the criteria were too stringent and caused the company to miss out on big winners that had other appealing features.[citation needed] That same year the Buffetts had their second child, Howard Graham. In 1956, Benjamin Graham retired and closed his partnership. At this time Buffett's personal savings were over $174,000 (about $1.53 million today)[24] and he started Buffett Partnership Ltd.




Buffett's home in Omaha, Nebraska


In 1957, Buffett operated three partnerships. He purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for $31,500.[35][36] In 1958 the Buffetts' third child, Peter Andrew, was born. Buffett operated five partnerships that year. In 1959, the company grew to six partnerships and Buffett met future partner Charlie Munger. By 1960, Buffett operated seven partnerships. He asked one of his partners, a doctor, to find ten other doctors willing to invest $10,000 each in his partnership. Eventually eleven agreed, and Buffett pooled their money with a mere $100 original investment of his own. In 1961, Buffett revealed that Sanborn Map Company accounted for 35% of the partnership's assets. He explained that in 1958 Sanborn stock sold at only $45 per share when the value of the Sanborn investment portfolio was $65 per share. This meant that buyers valued Sanborn stock at "minus $20" per share and were unwilling to pay more than 70 cents on the dollar for an investment portfolio with a map business thrown in for nothing which earned him a spot on Sanborn's board.[37]
Assuming Berkshire
In 1962, Buffett became a millionaire because of his partnerships, which in January 1962 had an excess of $7,178,500, of which over $1,025,000 belonged to Buffett. He merged these partnerships into one. Buffett invested in and eventually took control of a textile manufacturing firm, Berkshire Hathaway. He began buying shares in Berkshire from Seabury Stanton, the owner, whom he later fired. Buffett's partnerships began purchasing shares at $7.60 per share. In 1965, when Buffett's partnerships began purchasing Berkshire aggressively, they paid $14.86 per share while the company had working capital of $19 per share. This did not include the value of fixed assets (factory and equipment). Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway at a board meeting and named a new president, Ken Chace, to run the company. In 1966, Buffett closed the partnership to new money. He later claimed that the textile business had been his worst trade.[38] He then moved the business into the insurance sector, and, in 1985, the last of the mills that had been the core business of Berkshire Hathaway was sold. Buffett wrote in his letter: "... unless it appears that circumstances have changed (under some conditions added capital would improve results) or unless new partners can bring some asset to the partnership other than simply capital, I intend to admit no additional partners to BPL."[citation needed]
In a second letter, Buffett announced his first investment in a private business — Hochschild, Kohn and Co, a privately owned Baltimore department store. In 1967, Berkshire paid out its first and only dividend of 10 cents.[39] In 1969, following his most successful year, Buffett liquidated the partnership and transferred their assets to his partners. Among the assets paid out were shares of Berkshire Hathaway. In 1970, Buffett began writing his now-famous annual letters to shareholders. However, he lived solely on his salary of $50,000 per year and his outside investment income. In 1979, Berkshire began the year trading at $775 per share, and ended at $1,310. Buffett's net worth reached $620 million.[citation needed]
In 1973, Berkshire began to acquire stock in the Washington Post Company. Buffett became close friends with Katharine Graham, who controlled the company and its flagship newspaper, and joined its board. In 1974, the SEC opened a formal investigation into Buffett and Berkshire's acquisition of Wesco Financial, due to possible conflict of interest. No charges were brought. In 1977, Berkshire indirectly purchased the Buffalo Evening News for $32.5 million. Antitrust charges started, instigated by its rival, the Buffalo Courier-Express. Both papers lost money, until the Courier-Express folded in 1982.
In 1979, Berkshire began to acquire stock in ABC. Capital Cities announced a $3.5 billion purchase of ABC on March 18, 1985 surprising the media industry, as ABC was four times bigger than Capital Cities at the time. Buffett helped finance the deal in return for a 25% stake in the combined company.[40] The newly merged company, known as Capital Cities/ABC (or CapCities/ABC), was forced to sell some stations due to U.S. Federal Communications Commission ownership rules. The two companies also owned several radio stations in the same markets.[41]
In 1987, Berkshire Hathaway purchased a 12% stake in Salomon Inc., making it the largest shareholder and Buffett a director. In 1990, a scandal involving John Gutfreund (former CEO of Salomon Brothers) surfaced. A rogue trader, Paul Mozer, was submitting bids in excess of what was allowed by Treasury rules. When this was brought to Gutfreund's attention, he did not immediately suspend the rogue trader. Gutfreund left the company in August 1991.[42] Buffett became Chairman of Salomon until the crisis passed.[43]
In 1988, Buffett began buying The Coca-Cola Company stock, eventually purchasing up to 7% of the company for $1.02 billion.[44] It would turn out to be one of Berkshire's most lucrative investments, and one which it still holds.[citation needed]
As a billionaire
Buffett became a paper billionaire when Berkshire Hathaway began selling class A shares on May 29, 1990, with the market closing at US$7,175 a share.[45] In 1998 he acquired General Re (Gen Re) as a subsidiary in a deal that presented difficulties—according to the Rational Walk investment website, "underwriting standards proved to be inadequate," while a "problematic derivatives book" was resolved after numerous years and a significant loss.[46] Gen Re later provided reinsurance after Buffett became involved with Maurice R. Greenberg at AIG in 2002.[47]




Buffett meets with President Barack Obama at the White House in July 2011


During a 2005 investigation of an accounting fraud case involving AIG, Gen Re executives became implicated. On March 15, 2005, the AIG board forced Greenberg to resign from his post as Chairman and CEO after New York state regulators claimed that AIG had engaged in questionable transactions and improper accounting.[48] On February 9, 2006, AIG agreed to pay a US$1.6 billion fine.[49] In 2010 the U.S. government agreed to a US$92 million settlement with Gen Re, allowing the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary to avoid prosecution in the AIG case. Gen Re also made a commitment to implement "corporate governance concessions," which required Berkshire Hathaway’s Chief Financial Officer to attend General Re’s audit committee meetings and mandated the appointment of an independent director.[46]
In 2002, Buffett entered in US$11 billion worth of forward contracts to deliver U.S. dollars against other currencies. By April 2006, his total gain on these contracts was over US$2 billion. In 2006, Buffett announced in June that he gradually would give away 85% of his Berkshire holdings to five foundations in annual gifts of stock, starting in July 2006—the largest contribution would go to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.[50]
In 2007, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett announced that he was looking for a younger successor, or perhaps successors, to run his investment business.[51] Buffett had previously selected Lou Simpson, who runs investments at Geico, to fill the role; however, Simpson is only six years younger than Buffett.[citation needed]
2007-08 financial crisis
Buffett ran into criticism during the subprime crisis of 2007–2008, part of the recession that started in 2007, that he had allocated capital too early resulting in suboptimal deals.[52] "Buy American. I am." he wrote for an opinion piece published in the New York Times in 2008.[53] Buffett called the downturn in the financial sector that started in 2007 "poetic justice".[54] Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway suffered a 77% drop in earnings during Q3 2008 and several of his later deals suffered large mark-to-market losses.[55]
Berkshire Hathaway acquired 10% perpetual preferred stock of Goldman Sachs.[56] Some of Buffett's put options (European exercise at expiry only) that he wrote (sold) were running at around $6.73 billion mark-to-market losses as of late 2008.[57] The scale of the potential loss prompted the SEC to demand that Berkshire produce, "a more robust disclosure" of factors used to value the contracts.[57] Buffett also helped Dow Chemical pay for its $18.8 billion takeover of Rohm & Haas. He thus became the single largest shareholder in the enlarged group with his Berkshire Hathaway, which provided $3 billion, underlining his instrumental role during the crisis in debt and equity markets.[58]
In 2008, Buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion[59] by Forbes and at $58 billion[60] by Yahoo, overtaking Bill Gates, who had been number one on the Forbes list for 13 consecutive years.[61] In 2009, Gates regained the top position on the Forbes list, with Buffett shifted to second place. Both of the men's values dropped, to $40 billion and $37 billion respectively—according to Forbes, Buffett lost $25 billion over a 12-month period during 2008/2009.[62]
In October 2008, the media reported that Buffett had agreed to buy General Electric (GE) preferred stock.[63] The operation included special incentives: He received an option to buy three billion shares of GE stock, at $22.25, over the five years following the agreement, and Buffett also received a 10% dividend (callable within three years). In February 2009, Buffett sold some Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson shares from his personal portfolio.[64]
In addition to suggestions of mistiming, the wisdom in keeping some of Berkshire's major holdings, including The Coca-Cola Company, which in 1998 peaked at $86, raised questions. Buffett discussed the difficulties of knowing when to sell in the company's 2004 annual report:

That may seem easy to do when one looks through an always-clean, rear-view mirror. Unfortunately, however, it's the windshield through which investors must peer, and that glass is invariably fogged.[65]

In March 2009, Buffett said in a cable television interview that the economy had "fallen off a cliff ... Not only has the economy slowed down a lot, but people have really changed their habits like I haven't seen". Additionally, Buffett feared that inflation levels that occurred in the 1970s—which led to years of painful stagflation—might re-emerge.[66][67]
A capitalized Berkshire




Buffett in 2015 at his annual Berkshire Shareholders Meeting


On August 14, 2014, the price of Berkshire Hathaway's shares hit US$200,000 a share for the first time, capitalizing the company at US$328 billion. While Buffett had given away much of his stock to charities by this time, he still held 321,000 shares worth US$64.2 billion. On August 20, 2014, Berkshire Hathaway was fined $896,000 for failing to report December 9, 2013 purchase of shares in USG Corporation as required.[68]
In 2009, Buffett invested $2.6 billion as a part of Swiss Re's campaign to raise equity capital.[69][70] Berkshire Hathaway already owned a 3% stake, with rights to own more than 20%.[71] Also in 2009, Buffett acquired Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp. for $34 billion in cash and stock. Alice Schroeder, author of Snowball, said that a key reason for the purchase was to diversify Berkshire Hathaway from the financial industry.[72] Measured by market capitalization in the Financial Times Global 500, Berkshire Hathaway was the eighteenth largest corporation in the world as of June 2009.[73]
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors,

I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.[74]

The merger with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) closed upon BNSF shareholder approval in 1Q2010. This deal was valued at approximately $34 billion and represented an increase of the previously existing stake of 22%.[citation needed]
In June 2010, Buffett defended the credit-rating agencies for their role in the US financial crisis, claiming:

Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble. That's the nature of bubbles – they're mass delusions.[75]

On March 18, 2011, Goldman Sachs was given Federal Reserve approval to buy back Berkshire's preferred stock in Goldman. Buffett had been reluctant to give up the stock, which averaged $1.4 million in dividends per day,[76][77] saying:

I'm going to be the Osama bin Laden of capitalism. I'm on my way to an unknown destination in Asia where I'm going to look for a cave. If the U.S. Armed forces can't find Osama bin Laden in 10 years, let Goldman Sachs try to find me.[78]

In November 2011, it was announced that over the course of the previous eight months, Buffett had bought 64 million shares of International Business Machine Corp (IBM) stock, worth around $11 billion. This unanticipated investment raised his stake in the company to around 5.5 percent—the largest stake in IBM alongside that of State Street Global Advisors. Buffett had said on numerous prior occasions that he would not invest in technology because he did not fully understand it, so the move came as a surprise to many investors and observers. During the interview, in which he revealed the investment to the public, Buffett stated that he was impressed by the company's ability to retain corporate clients and said, "I don't know of any large company that really has been as specific on what they intend to do and how they intend to do it as IBM."[79]

External video




 Testing Mattresses with Warren Buffett, 3:24, gatesnotes[80]



In May 2012, Buffett's acquisition of Media General, consisting of 63 newspapers in the south-eastern U.S., was announced.[81] The company was the second news print purchase made by Buffett in one year.[82]
Interim publisher James W. Hopson announced on July 18, 2013 that the Press of Atlantic City would be sold to Buffett’s BH Media Group by ABARTA, a private holding company based in Pittsburgh, U.S. At the Berkshire shareholders meeting in May 2013, Buffett explained that he did not expect to "move the needle" at Berkshire with newspaper acquisitions, but he anticipates an annual return of 10 percent. The Press of Atlantic City became Berkshire's 30th daily newspaper, following other purchases such as Virginia, U.S.' Roanoke Times and The Tulsa World in Oklahoma, U.S.[83]
During a presentation to Georgetown University students in Washington, D.C. in late September 2013, Buffett compared the U.S. Federal Reserve to a hedge fund and stated that the bank is generating "$80 billion or $90 billion a year probably" in revenue for the U.S. government. Buffett also advocated further on the issue of wealth equality in society:

We have learned to turn out lots of goods and services, but we haven’t learned as well how to have everybody share in the bounty. The obligation of a society as prosperous as ours is to figure out how nobody gets left too far behind.[84]

After the difficulties of the economic crisis, Buffett managed to bring its company back to its pre-recession standards: in Q2 2014, Berkshire Hathaway made $6.4 billion in net profit, the most it had ever made in a three-month period.[85]
Investment philosophy
Warren Buffett's writings include his annual reports and various articles. Buffett is recognized by communicators[86] as a great story-teller, as evidenced by his annual letters to shareholders. He warned about the pernicious effects of inflation:[87]

The arithmetic makes it plain that inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislatures. The inflation tax has a fantastic ability to simply consume capital. It makes no difference to a widow with her savings in a 5 percent passbook account whether she pays 100 percent income tax on her interest income during a period of zero inflation, or pays no income taxes during years of 5 percent inflation.
— Buffett, Fortune (1977)

In his article "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", Buffett rebutted the academic efficient-market hypothesis, that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance", by highlighting the results achieved by a number of students of the Graham and Dodd value investing school of thought. In addition to himself, Buffett named Walter J. Schloss, Tom Knapp, Ed Anderson (Tweedy, Browne LLC), William J. Ruane (Sequoia Fund, Inc.), Charles Munger (Buffett's own business partner at Berkshire), Rick Guerin (Pacific Partners, Ltd.), and Stan Perlmeter (Perlmeter Investments).[88] In his November 1999 Fortune article, he warned of investors' unrealistic expectations:[89]

Let me summarize what I've been saying about the stock market: I think it's very hard to come up with a persuasive case that equities will over the next 17 years perform anything like—anything like—they've performed in the past 17. If I had to pick the most probable return, from appreciation and dividends combined, that investors in aggregate—repeat, aggregate—would earn in a world of constant interest rates, 2% inflation, and those ever hurtful frictional costs, it would be 6%!
— Buffett, Fortune (1999)

Index funds and active management
Towards his later life, particularly following the global financial crisis of 2007-8, Buffett became an increasingly vocal critic of active management, i.e., mutual funds and hedge funds. Buffett is skeptical that active management and stock-picking can outperform the market in the long run, and has advised both individual and institutional investors to move their money to low-cost index funds that track broad, diversified stock market indices. Buffett said in one of his letters to shareholders that "when trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients."[90] In 2007, Buffett made a bet with numerous managers that a simple S&P 500 index fund will outperform hedge funds that charge exorbitant fees. By 2017, the index fund was outperforming every hedge fund that had made the bet against Buffett by a significant margin.[90]
Personal life




Buffett with Gary Green in 2010


In 1949, Buffett was infatuated with a young woman whose current boyfriend had a ukulele. In an attempt to compete, he bought one of the diminutive instruments and has been playing it ever since. Though the attempt was unsuccessful, his music interest was a key part of his becoming a part of Susan Thompson's life and led to their marriage. Buffett often plays the instrument at stock holder meetings and other opportunities. His love of the instrument led to the commissioning of two custom Dairy Queen ukuleles by Dave Talsma, one of which was auctioned for charity.[91]
Buffett married Susan Buffett (née Thompson) in 1952. They had three children, Susie, Howard and Peter. The couple began living separately in 1977, although they remained married until Susan Buffett's death in July 2004. Their daughter, Susie, lives in Omaha, is a national board member of Girls, Inc., and does charitable work through the Susan A. Buffett Foundation.[citation needed]
In 2006, on his 76th birthday, Buffett married his longtime companion, Astrid Menks, who was then 60 years old—she had lived with him since his wife's departure to San Francisco in 1977.[92][93] Susan had arranged for the two to meet before she left Omaha to pursue her singing career. All three were close and Christmas cards to friends were signed "Warren, Susie and Astrid".[94] Susan briefly discussed this relationship in an interview on the Charlie Rose Show shortly before her death, in a rare glimpse into Buffett's personal life.[95]
Buffett disowned his son Peter's adopted daughter, Nicole, in 2006 after she participated in the Jamie Johnson documentary The One Percent about the growing economic inequality between the wealthy and the average citizen in the United States. Although his first wife referred to Nicole as one of her "adored grandchildren",[96] Buffett wrote her a letter stating, "I have not emotionally or legally adopted you as a grandchild, nor have the rest of my family adopted you as a niece or a cousin."[97][98][99]
His 2006 annual salary was about US$100,000, which is small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.[100] In 2008, he earned a total compensation of $175,000, which included a base salary of just $100,000.[101] He continued to live in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, a fraction of today's value. He also owns a $4 million house in Laguna Beach, California.[102] In 1989, after spending nearly $6.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet, Buffett named it "The Indefensible". This act was a break from his past condemnation of extravagant purchases by other CEOs and his history of using more public transportation.[103]


“
Bridge is such a sensational game that I wouldn't mind being in jail if I had three cellmates who were decent players and who were willing to keep the game going twenty-four hours a day.
”


— Buffett on bridge[104]


Buffett is an avid bridge player, which he plays with fellow fan Gates[105]—he allegedly spends 12 hours a week playing the game.[106] In 2006, he sponsored a bridge match for the Buffett Cup. Modeled on the Ryder Cup in golf—held immediately before it in the same city—the teams are chosen by invitation, with a female team and five male teams provided by each country.[107]
He is a dedicated, lifelong follower of Nebraska football, and attends as many games as his schedule permits. He supported the hire of Bo Pelini, following the 2007 season, stating, "It was getting kind of desperate around here".[108] He watched the 2009 game against Oklahoma from the Nebraska sideline, after being named an honorary assistant coach.[109]
Buffett worked with Christopher Webber on an animated series called "Secret Millionaires Club" with chief Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment. The series features Buffett and Munger, and teaches children healthy financial habits.[110][111]
Buffett was raised as a Presbyterian, but has since described himself as agnostic.[112] In December 2006, it was reported that Buffett does not carry a mobile phone, does not have a computer at his desk, and drives his own automobile,[113] a Cadillac DTS.[114] In 2013 he had an old Nokia flip phone and had sent one email in his entire life.[115] Buffett reads five newspapers every day, beginning with the Omaha World Herald, which his company acquired in 2011.
A September 2014 Fast Company article featured Buffett's “avoid at all cost” practice, used to prioritize personal goals. Buffett advises people to first create a list of the top 25 accomplishments that they would like to complete over the next few years of their life, and to then pick the five most-important list items. Buffett stated that people need to “avoid at all cost” the initial, longer list, as it would hinder the achievement of the top-five.[116]
Buffett's speeches are known for mixing business discussions with humor. Each year, Buffett presides over Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska, an event drawing over 20,000 visitors from both United States and abroad, giving it the nickname "Woodstock of Capitalism". Berkshire's annual reports and letters to shareholders, prepared by Buffett, frequently receive coverage by the financial media. Buffett's writings are known for containing quotations from sources as varied as the Bible and Mae West,[117] as well as advice in a folksy Midwestern style and numerous jokes.
In April 2017 Buffett (an avid Coca-Cola drinker and investor in said company) agreed to have his likeness placed on cherry coke products in China. Buffett was not compensated for this advertisement.[118][119]
Health
On April 11, 2012, Buffett was diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer during a routine test.[120] He announced he would begin two months of daily radiation treatment from mid-July; however, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett said he felt "great - as if I were in my normal excellent health - and my energy level is 100 percent". On September 15, 2012, Buffett announced that he had completed the full 44-day radiation treatment cycle, saying "it's a great day for me" and "I am so glad to say that's over".[121]
Wealth and philanthropy




Buffett, Kathy Ireland and Bill Gates at the 2015 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting


In 2008 he was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of approximately US$62 billion.[122] In 2009, after donating billions of dollars to charity, Buffett was ranked as the second richest man in the United States with a net worth of US$37 billion[123][124] with only Bill Gates ranked higher than Buffett. His net worth had risen to $58.5 billion as of September 2013.[125]
In 1999, Buffett was named the top money manager of the Twentieth Century in a survey by the Carson Group, ahead of Peter Lynch and John Templeton.[126] In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in the world.[127] In 2011, President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.[128] Most recently, Buffett, along with Bill Gates, was named the most influential global thinker in Foreign Policy's 2010 report.[129]
Buffett has written several times of his belief that, in a market economy, the rich earn outsized rewards for their talents.[130] His children will not inherit a significant proportion of his wealth. He once commented, "I want to give my kids just enough so that they would feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they would feel like doing nothing".[131]
Buffett had long stated his intention to give away his fortune to charity, and in June 2006, he announced a new plan to give 83% of it to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.[132] He pledged about the equivalent of 10 million Berkshire Hathaway Class B shares to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (worth approximately US$30.7 billion as of June 23, 2006),[133] making it the largest charitable donation in history, and Buffett one of the leaders of philanthrocapitalism.[134] The foundation will receive 5% of the total each July, beginning in 2006. (The pledge is conditional upon the foundation's giving away each year, beginning in 2009, an amount that is at least equal to the value of the entire previous year's gift from Buffett, in addition to 5% of the foundation's net assets.) Buffett joined the Gates Foundation's board, but did not plan to be actively involved in the foundation's investments.[135][136]
This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.[137] The bulk of the estate of his wife, valued at $2.6 billion, went there when she died in 2004.[138] He also pledged $50 million to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in Washington, where he began serving as an adviser in 2002.[139]
In 2006, he auctioned his 2001 Lincoln Town Car[140] on eBay to raise money for Girls, Inc.[141] In 2007, he auctioned a luncheon with himself that raised a final bid of $650,100 for the Glide Foundation.[142] Later auctions raised $2,110,100,[143][144] $1.68 million[145] and $3,456,789. The winners traditionally dine with Buffett at New York's Smith and Wollensky steak house. The restaurant donates at least $10,000 to Glide each year to host the meal.[146]
On December 9, 2010, Buffett, Bill Gates, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg signed a promise they called the "Gates-Buffett Giving Pledge", in which they promise to donate to charity at least half of their wealth, and invite other wealthy people to follow suit.[11][147]
Political and economic views




Buffett and President Obama in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010


In addition to political contributions over the years, Buffett endorsed and made campaign contributions to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. On July 2, 2008, Buffett attended a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Obama's campaign in Chicago.[148] Buffett intimated that John McCain's views on social justice were so far from his own that McCain would need a "lobotomy" for Buffett to change his endorsement.[149] During the second 2008 U.S. presidential debate, McCain and Obama, after being asked first by presidential debate mediator Tom Brokaw, both mentioned Buffett as a possible future Secretary of the Treasury.[150] Later, in the third and final presidential debate, Obama mentioned Buffett as a potential economic advisor.[151] Buffett was also finance advisor to California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger during his 2003 election campaign.[152]
On December 16, 2015, Buffett endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president.[12] On August 1, 2016, Buffett challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns.[153][154] On October 10, 2016, after another reference to him in the 2nd 2016 presidential debate, Buffett released his own tax return.[155][156] He said he had paid $1.85 million in federal income taxes in 2015 on an adjusted gross income of $11.6 million, meaning he had an effective federal income tax rate of around 16 percent. Buffett also said he had made more than $2.8 billion worth of donations last year.[156] Buffett said, "I have been audited by the IRS multiple times and am currently being audited. I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump -- at least he would have no legal problem." This was a measured response to Trump saying he was unable to release his tax information due to being under audit.[156]
Health care
Buffett described the health care reform under President Barack Obama as insufficient to deal with the costs of health care in the US, though he supports its aim of expanding health insurance coverage.[157] Buffett compared health care costs to a tapeworm, saying that they compromise US economic competitiveness by increasing manufacturing costs.[157] Buffett thinks health care costs should head towards 13 to 14% of GDP.[158] (Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the CMS actuary has projected health care costs will reach almost 20% of GDP by 2020.)[159] Buffett said "If you want the very best, I mean if you want to spend a million dollars to prolong your life 3 months in a coma or something then the US is probably the best", but he also said that other countries spend much less and receive much more in health care value (visits, hospital beds, doctors and nurses per capita).[160]
Buffett faults the incentives in the United States medical industry, that payers reimburse doctors for procedures (fee-for-service) leading to unnecessary care (overutilization), instead of paying for results.[161] He cited Atul Gawande's 2009 article in the New Yorker[162] as a useful consideration of US health care, with its documentation of unwarranted variation in Medicare expenditures between McAllen, Texas and El Paso, Texas.[161] Buffett raised the problem of lobbying by the medical industry, saying that they are very focused on maintaining their income.[163]


Play media


President Obama announcing the "Buffett Rule"


Taxes
See also: Buffett Rule
Buffett stated that he only paid 19% of his income for 2006 ($48.1 million) in total federal taxes (due to their source as dividends and capital gains, although the figure excluded the taxes on that income paid by the corporations that provided it), while his employees paid 33% of theirs, despite making much less money.[164] “How can this be fair?” Buffett asked, regarding how little he pays in taxes compared to his employees. "How can this be right?" He also added, "There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."[165][166] After Donald Trump accused him of taking "massive deductions," Buffett countered, "I have copies of all 72 of my returns and none uses a carryforward."[167]
Buffett favors the inheritance tax, saying that repealing it would be like "choosing the 2020 Olympic team by picking the eldest sons of the gold-medal winners in the 2000 Olympics".[168] In 2007, Buffett testified before the Senate and urged them to preserve the estate tax so as to avoid a plutocracy.[169] Some critics argued that Buffett (through Berkshire Hathaway) has a personal interest in the continuation of the estate tax, since Berkshire Hathaway benefited from the estate tax in past business dealings and had developed and marketed insurance policies to protect policy holders against future estate tax payments.[170] Buffett believes government should not be in the business of gambling, or legalizing casinos, calling it a tax on ignorance.[171]
Trade deficit
Buffett viewed the United States' expanding trade deficit as a trend that will devalue the US dollar and US assets. He predicted that the US dollar will lose value in the long run, as a result of putting a larger portion of ownership of US assets in the hands of foreigners. In his letter to shareholders in March 2005, he predicted that in another ten years' time the net ownership of the U.S. by outsiders would amount to $11 trillion.

Americans ... would chafe at the idea of perpetually paying tribute to their creditors and owners abroad. A country that is now aspiring to an 'ownership society' will not find happiness in – and I'll use hyperbole here for emphasis – a 'sharecropping society’.

Dollar and gold
The trade deficit induced Buffett to enter the foreign currency market for the first time in 2002. He substantially reduced his stake in 2005 as changing interest rates increased the costs of holding currency contracts. Buffett remained bearish on the dollar, stating that he was looking to acquire companies with substantial foreign revenues. Buffett emphasized the non-productive aspect of a gold standard for the United States dollar in 1998 at Harvard:

It gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.

In 1977, about stocks, gold, farmland and inflation, he stated:

Stocks are probably still the best of all the poor alternatives in an era of inflation – at least they are if you buy in at appropriate prices.[172]

China
Buffett invested in PetroChina Company Limited and in a rare move, posted a commentary[173] on Berkshire Hathaway's website stating why he would not divest over its connection with the Sudanese civil war that caused Harvard to divest. He sold this stake soon afterwards, sparing him the billions of dollars he would have lost had he held on to the company in the midst of the steep drop in oil prices beginning in the summer of 2008.
In October 2008, Buffett invested $230 million for 10% of battery maker BYD Company (SEHK: 1211), which runs a subsidiary of electric automobile manufacturer BYD Auto. In less than one year, the investment reaped over 500% return.[174]
Tobacco
During the RJR Nabisco, Inc. hostile takeover fight in 1987, Buffett was quoted as telling John Gutfreund:[175]

I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.
— Buffett, quoted in Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco

Speaking at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 1994 annual meeting, Buffett said investments in tobacco are:[176]

fraught with questions that relate to societal attitudes and those of the present administration. I would not like to have a significant percentage of my net worth invested in tobacco businesses. The economy of the business may be fine, but that doesn't mean it has a bright future.
— Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting

Coal
In 2007, Buffett's PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of his MidAmerican Energy Company, canceled six proposed coal-fired power plants. These included Utah's Intermountain Power Project Unit 3, Jim Bridger Unit 5, and four proposed plants previously included in PacifiCorp's Integrated Resource Plan. The cancellations came in the wake of pressure from regulators and citizen groups.[177]
Renewable energy
American Indian tribes and salmon fishermen sought to win support from Buffett for a proposal to remove four hydroelectric dams from the Klamath River. David Sokol responded on Buffett's behalf, stating that the FERC would decide the question.[178][179]
In December 2011, Buffett's MidAmerican Energy Holdings agreed to buy a $2 billion solar energy project under development in California and a 49 percent stake in a $1.8 billion plant in Arizona, his first investments in solar power. He already owned wind farms.[180]
Expensing of stock options
He has been a strong proponent of stock option expensing on corporate Income Statements. At the 2004 annual meeting, he lambasted a bill before the United States Congress that would consider only some company-issued stock options compensation as an expense, likening the bill to one that was almost passed by the Indiana House of Representatives to change the value of Pi from 3.14159 to 3.2 through legislative fiat.[181]

When a company gives something of value to its employees in return for their services, it is clearly a compensation expense. And if expenses don't belong in the earnings statement, where in the world do they belong?[182]

Technology
In May 2012, Buffett said he had avoided buying stock in new social media companies such as Facebook and Google because it is hard to estimate future value. He also stated that initial public offering (IPO) of stock are almost always bad investments. Investors should be looking to companies that will have good value in ten years.[183]
See also

List of University of Nebraska-Lincoln people
List of Columbia University alumni
List of University of Pennsylvania people

Bibliography
Books about Buffett
In October 2008, USA Today reported at least 47 books were in print with Buffett's name in the title. The article quoted the CEO of Borders Books, George Jones, as saying that the only other living persons named in as many book titles were U.S. presidents, world political figures and the Dalai Lama.[184] Buffett said that his own personal favorite is a collection of his essays called The Essays of Warren Buffett,[185] which he described as "a coherent rearrangement of ideas from my annual report letters".[184]
Books or publications by Buffett:

The Essays of Warren Buffett : Lessons for Corporate America, Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; revised edition (April 11, 2001), ISBN 978-0-9664461-1-1
The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition, Warren E. Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; 2nd edition (April 14, 2008), ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8

Some best-selling, or otherwise notable, books about Buffett:

Carol J. Loomis, Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything, 1966-2012: A Fortune Magazine Book.
Preston Pysh, Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books.[186] (An interactive book that references http://www.buffettsbooks.com for online videos)[184]
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett, Making of an American Capitalist
Robert Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way.[184][187]
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life.[188] (Written with Buffett's cooperation.)[189]
Mary Buffett and David Clark, Buffettology[190] and four subsequent books. (Combined sales of more than 1.5 million copies.)[184]
Janet Lowe, Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor.[191]
John Train, The Midas Touch: The Strategies That Have Made Warren Buffett 'America's Preeminent Investor'.[192]
Andrew Kilpatrick, Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.[193] (The longest of the books about Buffett, with 330 chapters, 1,874 pages and 1,400 photos, weighing 10.2 pounds.)[184]
Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
John P. Reese, "The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies".[194] (Includes step-by-step stock-picking method based on Buffett's approach)
Janet M. Tavakoli, Dear Mr. Buffett: what an investor learns 1,269 miles from Wall Street, John Wiley and Sons, 2008, ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6[195]
Vahan Janjigian, Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can—and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor[196]

References


^ "Warren E Buffett, CEO Compensation". Forbes. March 30, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "Warren Buffett Biography (1930–)". Biography.com (FYI / A&E Networks). Retrieved January 28, 2016. 
^ "Ten great investors". Incademy Investor Education. Harriman House Ltd. Archived from the original on November 20, 2015. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ Farrington, Robert. "The top 10 investors of all time". The College Investor. The College Investor, LLC. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved 11 May 2017. 
^ "The Greatest Investors: Warren Buffett". Investopedia.com. Retrieved March 6, 2009. 
^ Markels, Alex (July 29, 2007). "How to Make Money the Buffett Way". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. 
^ Sullivan, Aline (December 20, 1997). "Buffett, the Sage of Omaha, Makes Value Strategy Seem Simple: Secrets of a High Plains Investor". International Herald Tribune. 
^ Gogoi, Pallavi (May 8, 2007). "What Warren Buffett might buy". MSNBC. Retrieved May 9, 2007. 
^ Buffett, Warren (June 16, 2010). "My philanthropic pledge". CNN. 
^ a b "US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ a b Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy December 16, 2015
^ PBS NewsHour (June 26, 2017). "America should stand for more than just wealth, says Warren Buffett" – via YouTube. 
^ Blair, Elliot (January 29, 2004). "Nebraska family clashes over love, money and death". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett's High School Yearbook Totally Nailed What He Would Be When He Grew Up". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-05-15. 
^ Robert G. Hagstrom. "The Warren Buffett Way". Wiley Publishers. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert (2001). The Essential Buffett: Timeless Principles for the New Economy. Wiley. p. 24. 
^ Levere, Jane (January 30, 2017). "New HBO Documentary On Warren Buffett Uses Family Photos, Home Movies To Reveal His Life Story". Forbes. Retrieved July 7, 2017. A voracious reader his entire life, at age seven he read a book he borrowed from the library, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000, and, inspired by its lessons, began selling Coca-Cola, gum and newspapers. 
^ "Buffett 'becomes world's richest'". BBC. March 6, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ a b c "Warren Buffett Timeline". About Money. Retrieved April 30, 2015. 
^ "Doris Buffett works one-on-one to help with billionaire brother's charity, May 27, 2014". csmonitor.com. Retrieved January 4, 2015. 
^ "Special Feature, April 29, 1999: Berkshire and Buffett". Fool.com. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. p. 26. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
^ a b c Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Community Development Project. "Consumer Price Index (estimate) 1800–". Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Retrieved January 2, 2017. 
^ [1], The Daily Pennsylvanian.
^ "History". www.warrenbuffett.com. Retrieved 2016-12-13. 
^ Hagstrom 2005, p. 14 Warren Buffett is now the richest man in the world with $65 billion. GE Raises $15 billion; Buffett Gets Preferred Stake (Update3)
^ Heath, Jason (April 24, 2012). "What Warren Buffett’s cancer diagnosis can teach investors". Financial Post. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Cabot Heritage Corporation (January 15, 2013). "Who is Warren Buffett? - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. p. 43. ISBN 0-385-48491-7. 
^ "Lecture at the University of Florida School of Business – Transcript (PDF document)" (PDF). Intelligent Investor. October 15, 1998. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ ""Person to Person": Warren Buffett". CBS News. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2008). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell. p. 169. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Schudel, Matt (July 30, 2004). "Susan T. Buffett, 72, Dies; Wife of Billionaire Investor". The Washington Post. p. B06. Retrieved July 13, 2009. 
^ "Billionaire Houses". Retrieved October 20, 2016. 
^ Poppick, Susie (May 1, 2016). "This Is How Much It Costs to Live Next Door to Warren Buffett". Time. Retrieved October 1, 2016. 
^ "The Evolution of Warren Buffett's Career from 1936 to 2013". The Value Investing Blog of Old School Value. 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2017-02-04. 
^ Buffett's Worst Trade. CNBC. October 18, 2010. 
^ Graham Kenny (3 August 2009). Diversification Strategy: How to Grow a Business by Diversifying Successfully. Kogan Page Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 978-0-7494-5833-1. 
^ Kleinfield, N.R. "ABC is being sold for $3.5 billion; 1st network sale". The New York Times, March 19, 1985.
^ "FCC approval of Capcities/ABC deal likely". Broadcasting, March 25, 1985.
^ "Inaction Can be as Dangerous as Bad Action, Aly Gonenne, Class of 2004, Duke Leadership Development Initiative". Mbaa.fuqua.duke.edu. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Redirecting Archived March 8, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Learn About the Life and Business of Billionaire, Warren Buffett". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-03-03. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway Inc. historical prices". Google Finance. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ a b "General Re Settlement in AIG Case Closes Difficult Chapter". The Rational Walk. The Rational Walk. January 21, 2010. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Warren E. Buffett (February 21, 2003). "Berkshire’s Corporate Performance vs. the S&P 500" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Diane Brady, Marcia Vickers, Mike McNamee (April 10, 2005). "AIG: What Went Wrong". Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved August 16, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "AIG to Pay $800 Million to Settle Securities Fraud Charges by SEC; Over $1.6 billion to be Paid to Resolve Federal and New York State Actions". Securities and Exchange Commission. February 9, 2006. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. 
^ "HELP WANTED: Warren Buffett Replacement". ABC News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Crippen, Alex. "WSJ to Warren Buffett: "Time to Get a New Crystal Ball"". CNBC. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (October 16, 2008). "Buy American. I am.". The New York Times. Retrieved December 25, 2012. 
^ Dabrowski, Wojtek (February 7, 2008). "Buffett: Bank woes are "poetic justice"". Reuters. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Even Buffett Can't Escape Markets, Storms; Berkshire Profit Falls 77%". Insurance Journal. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ Press Release. "Berkshire Hathaway to Invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs". Goldman Sachs. Archived from the original on December 20, 2008. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (November 24, 2008). "Buffett to disclose more on derivatives". Reuters. Retrieved November 27, 2008. 
^ Fontanella, James (July 11, 2008). "ftalphaville.ft.com, Buffett helps Dow pay $19bn for R&H". Financial Times. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "#1 Warren Buffett". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Buffett overtakes Gates to top new Forbes list". Reuters. October 10, 2008. Archived from the original on October 14, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "#2 Warren Buffett – The World's Billionaires 2009". Forbes. February 13, 2009. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Clark, Andrew (October 1, 2008). "Warren Buffett to buy $3bn of General Electric preferred stock". The Guardian. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway unloads J&J and P&G". Financial Express. February 17, 2009. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Schroeder, Alice The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life ISBN 0-553-80509-6 Bantam Sept 2008
^ Josh Funk, "Buffett says nation will face higher unemployment", AP on Seattle Times, March 9, 2009. Retrieved November 28, 2010.
^ "Buffett: The economy has 'fallen off a cliff'", MSN.com, March 9, 2009 . Retrieved April 3, 2009.
^ Stempel, Jonathan (August 20, 2014) UPDATE 3-U.S. fines Berkshire over stock deal, Buffett admits mistake. Reuters.com. Retrieved August 21, 2014.
^ Lionel Laurent (February 5, 2009). "Buffett Sinks Billions Into Swiss Re". Forbes. 
^ Jolly, David (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re Gets $2.6 billion From Berkshire Hathaway". The New York Times. 
^ Haig Simonian, Francesco Guerrera (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re turns to Buffett for new funding". The Financial Times. 
^ "Alice Schroeder on Buffett and BNI; Which Company Will Berkshire Hathaway Acquire Next?". GuruFocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ FTGlobal500.pdf June 2009,FT.com
^ "Warren Buffett’s Multi-Billion Mistake with ConocoPhillips (COP)". Gurufocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Credit rating agencies not to blame for crisis says Buffett". Insideireland.ie. June 3, 2010. Archived from the original on August 2, 2012. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Berkshire Will Not Exercise Goldman Sachs Warrants Immediately". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Harper, Christine (March 18, 2011). "Goldman Sachs to Pay $5.65 billion to Redeem Buffett’s Stake". Business Week. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Where Will Warren Buffett Hide From Goldman Sachs?". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ "Buffett sheds tech aversion with big IBM investment". Reuters. November 14, 2011. 
^ "Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs". MarketWatch. Dow Jones & Company. June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 9, 2017. 
^ "Warren Buffett invests in Media General newspapers". BBC News. May 17, 2012. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (May 17, 2012). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys Media General newspaper group". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Crippen, Alex (July 18, 2013). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bets on Atlantic City". CNBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ Buhayar, Noah (September 20, 2013). "Buffett Calls Federal Reserve History’s Greatest Hedge Fund". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ "Warren Buffett’s firm just made the most money ever in a single quarter". August 2, 2014. 
^ Lou Hoffman, The Hoffman Agency. "Startup lessons learned from Warren Buffett." April 13, 2010. Retrieved, April 16, 2010.
^ How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor, Warren Buffett, Fortune, May 1977
^ "Official Buffett Biography to Hit Shelves". The New York Times. August 12, 2008. Retrieved August 15, 2008. 
^ Warren Buffett; Carol Loomis (November 22, 1999). "Mr. Buffett on the Stock Market". Fortune. 
^ a b "Warren Buffett, 'Oracle of Omaha', criticizes Wall Street and praises immigrants". Reuters via the Guardian. 25 February 2017. 
^ Yates, Chelsea. "The Billionaire and the Ukulele". Hear Nebraska. 
^ Bailey, Jeff; Dash, Eric (September 1, 2006). "How Does Warren Buffett Get Married? Frugally, It Turns Out". The New York Times. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Brian Goodman (August 31, 2006). "Wedding Bells For Warren Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. Random House. ISBN 0-8129-7927-3. 
^ "Susan Buffett in Her Own Words: Conversations with Charlie Rose". Bookworm Omaha. Archived from the original on December 23, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008.  Also freely available at Hulu.
^ The Rich Man's Michael Moore Wall Street Journal, Robert Frank. February 23, 2008
^ Goodman, Leah McGrath (December 2008). "The Billionaire's Black Sheep". Marie Claire. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Nichols, Michelle (February 21, 2008). "Documentary on wealth gap divides Buffett family". Reuters. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2009). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Random House. pp. 656–657. ISBN 978-0-553-38461-1.  Excerpt available at Google Books.
^ Smith, Rich (June 29, 2005). "Stupid CEO Tricks". Motley Fool. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Warren E. Buffett, Equilar Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Chairman's Letter 1989". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Owen, David (September 17, 2007). "Turning Tricks: The rise and fall of contract bridge.". The New Yorker. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ Moore, Martha T. (December 19, 2005). "Billionaires bank on bridge to trump poker". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Blackstone, John (February 17, 2008). "Bringing Back Bridge". CBS News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Doreen MacMillan (October 5, 2012). "Bridge Scene: United States team secures the 2012 Warren Buffett Cup". Collier Citizen. Scripps Media Inc. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "The Varsity Zone Talks Football with Warren Buffett". YouTube. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Sherman, Mitch (November 7, 2009). "From the sidelines: Can some of these guys suit up?". Omaha World-Herald.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Warren Buffett, Martha Stewart, Gisele Bündchen, and Kosmos Featuring Carl Sagan Headline New Slate of Purpose-Driven Entertainment for Children. Business Wire. July 24, 2009. Archived from the original on October 5, 2015. 
^ "CNBC TRANSCRIPT: Warren Buffett's 'Secret Millionaire's Club' Live Interview on Squawk Box". CNBC. 
^ Wired article Faces of the New Atheism: The Scribe published November 2006. Retrieved November 10, 2009.
^ "How Warren Buffett made his billions". Rediff.com. December 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Taylor III, Alex (June 4, 2006). "Buffett backs GM – and buys a Caddy". CNN. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Piers Morgan (October 22, 2013). "Warren Buffett on cell phones, email, and material goods". CNN. Retrieved November 11, 2014. 
^ Vivian Giang (September 3, 2014). "4 ODD YET EFFECTIVE WAYS THE SMARTEST PEOPLE PRIORITIZE THEIR DAYS". Fast Company. Mansueto Ventures, LLC. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "Chairman's Letter—1993". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "How billionaire Warren Buffett became the face of Cherry Coke in China". ABC News. 2017-04-05. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ France-Presse, Agence (2017-04-05). "Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Cherry Coke in China". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer". BBC News. Retrieved December 27, 2015. 
^ Sam Ro (September 15, 2012). "Warren Buffett Completes Cancer Treatments". Business Insider. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Boyle, Christina (October 1, 2009). "Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Christy Walton top 2009's 'Forbes 400: Richest Americans' list". Daily News. New York. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett signs over $30.7B to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation". USA Today. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "The Forbes 400: The Richest People In America". Forbes. Retrieved June 29, 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffett and Peter Lynch Voted Top Money Managers of the Century". Business Wire. November 22, 1999. Archived from the original on December 9, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Cramer, James J. (April 19, 2003). "Warren Buffett". TIME. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Julianna Goldman (February 15, 2011). "Obama Honors Buffett, George H.W. Bush With Medal of Freedom". Bloomberg. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers". Foreign Policy. November 29, 2010. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor", Warren E. Buffett, Fortune May 1977 #
^ An Exclusive Hour with Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates. Charlie Rose. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. Retrieved December 22, 2015. 
^ "Gates: Buffett gift may help cure worst diseases". MSNBC. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "The birth of philanthrocapitalism". The Economist. February 23, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and STEPHANIE SAUL (June 26, 2006). "Buffett to Give Bulk of His Fortune to Gates Charity". The New York Times. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Yuki Noguchi (June 26, 2006). "Gates Foundation to Get Bulk of Buffett's Fortune". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ Carol J. Loomis (June 25, 2006). "A conversation with Warren Buffett". Fortune. 
^ "Most of Susan Buffett Estate to Go to Foundation". The Foundation Center. August 11, 2004. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "America's Most-Generous Donors, Rank: 1 Warren E. Buffett, Chronicle of Philanthropy". Philanthropy.com. February 22, 2007. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Chapnick, Nate. "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Archived from the original on June 4, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "girls-inc". eBay. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Lindsay Goldwert (July 1, 2007). "Lunch With Warren Buffett? $650,100, Charity Auction Winner Bids Big Money For Steak Lunch With Billionaire Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Zuill, Lilla (June 28, 2008). "uk.reuters.com, Warren Buffett lunch sells for record $2.11 mln". Uk.reuters.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "cnbc.com, Warren Buffett Charity Lunch Auction Ends with High Bid of $2,110,100". Cnbc.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Funk, Josh (June 6, 2010). "Buffett hopes lunch auction again draws big bids". Associated Press. Archived from the original on June 8, 2010. Retrieved June 7, 2010. 
^ "Cost to lunch with Warren Buffett: $3.5 million". Yahoo! News. June 9, 2012. 
^ Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Archived from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 
^ Michael Luo and Christopher Drew (July 3, 2008). "Obama Picks Up Fund-Raising Pace". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ ""Squawk Box" Transcript: Becky Quick Sits Down with Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett". CNBC. Retrieved September 12, 2008. 
^ "Transcript of second McCain, Obama debate". CNN. October 10, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "Obama appoints Buffett as economic adviser". Reuters. November 7, 2008. Archived from the original on July 24, 2013. 
^ USA Today: Schwarzenegger taps Buffett as finance advisor August 14, 2003
^ Haskell, John; Hansler, Jennifer (August 1, 2016). "Warren Buffett Challenges Trump to Show Tax Returns, Says He's 'Afraid'". ABC News. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump says general election may be ‘rigged’". Los Angeles Times. August 1, 2016. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Transcript of the Second Debate". The New York Times. 2016-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b c "Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump". Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  6 minutes in.
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  7 minutes in.
^ Keehan SP, Sisko AM, Truffer CJ, et al. (August 2011). "National health spending projections through 2020: economic recovery and reform drive faster spending growth". Health Aff (Millwood). 30 (8): 1594–605. PMID 21798885. doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2011.0662. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  4 minutes in.
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  9 to 10 minutes in.
^ Atul Gawande (June 1, 2009). "The Cost Conundrum – What a Texas town can teach us about health care". The New Yorker. Retrieved June 29, 2011. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  11 minutes in.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes: 24, 42–3. November 26, 2007. 
^ Ben Stein, "In Class Warfare, Guess Which Class Is Winning", New York Times, November 26, 2006
^ Dave Zweifel, "Plain Talk: There's Class War, and Rich Are Winning", The Cap Times, October 6, 2010
^ Pramuck, Jacob. "Warren Buffett fires back at Donald Trump's comments about his taxes." CNBC. 10 October 2016. 10 October 2016.
^ "Rich Americans back inheritance tax". BBC. February 14, 2001. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Jim Snyder (November 15, 2007). "Buffett tells Senate Finance panel 'dynastic' wealth on the rise in U.S.". The Hill (newspaper). Archived from the original on November 20, 2007. 
^ Berlau, John (August 23, 2004). "Buffetted. The Sage of Omaha loves the estate tax – as well he might". National Review. FindArticles. 
^ Ackman, Dan (October 11, 2004). "America, The Casino Nation". Forbes. Archived from the original on April 13, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren (May 1977). "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor". Fortune. 
^ "Shareholder Proposal Regarding Berkshire's Investment In PetroChina" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Warren Buffett's 500% Return from BYD: The Show Just Begun?". ChinaStakes. Retrieved September 16, 2009. 
^ Burrough, Bryan; Helyar, John (1990). Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-06-016172-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Jenell Wallace (April 25, 1994). "Warren Buffett Cools on His Attraction to Tobacco Business". Legacy Tobacco Documents Library, University of California San Diego Library. Bloomberg. 
^ "Utah Petition Encouraging Energy Diversification" (PDF). Public Service Commission of Utah. July 28, 2007. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 9, 2013. 
^ Josh Funk (May 3, 2008). "Buffett again rebuffs advocates who want Klamath dams out". USA Today. 
^ Bacher, Dan (May 1, 2009). "Klamath Dam Removal Advocates Call on Buffett’s Company To Close the Deal". Indybay.org. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Marc Roca and Ehren Goossens (December 20, 2011). "BP Deems Solar Unprofitable, Exiting Business After 40 Years". Bloomberg. 
^ "Warren Buffett, Fuzzy Math And Stock Options ". The Washington Post. July 6, 2004. p. A19. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (July 24, 2002). "Warren E. Buffett, Who Really Cooks the Books?". The New York Times. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Buffett on Facebook and Google: hard to estimate future valu". Chicago Sun-Times. Associated Press. May 7, 2012. Retrieved May 7, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Del Jones, "Book titles like to play the Warren Buffett name game," USA Today, October 22, 2008.
^ Buffett, Warren; Cunningham, Lawrence. The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition. The Cunningham Group. ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Pysh, Preston. Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books: A guide to the Intelligent Investor, Security Analysis, and the Wealth of Nations. Pylon Publishing Company. ISBN 978-0-98296-762-1. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert G.; Miller, Bill R.; Fisher, Ken (2005). The Warren Buffett Way. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley. ISBN 0-471-74367-4. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Schroeder, Alice. The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell Pub Group 2008. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Janet Maslin, "Books of The Times: The Richest Man and How He Grew (and Grew His Company, Too)," New York Times, September 28, 2008.
^ Buffett, Mary; Clark, David. Buffettology: The Previously Unexplained Techniques That Have Made Warren Buffett The World's Most Famous Investor. Scribner. ISBN 978-0-684-84821-1. 
^ Lowe, Janet. Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-15262-1. 
^ Train, John (1987). The midas touch: the strategies that have made Warren Buffett America's pre-eminent investor. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 978-0-06-015643-5. 
^ Kilpatrick, Andrew. Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett/2008 Cosmic Edition/2 volumes. Andy Kilpatrick Publishing Empire (AKPE). ISBN 978-1-57864-455-1. 
^ Reese, John P.; Jack Forehand (2009). The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-37709-3. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet (January 9, 2009). Dear Mr. Buffett: What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street. Wiley. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6. 
^ Janjigian, Vahan (May 1, 2008). Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can--and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor. Penguin. ISBN 9781440631474. 


Further reading

Schwartz, Mattathias (January 2010). "The Church of Warren Buffett". Harper's. 320 (1916): 27–35. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Warren Buffett





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Warren Buffett.



Berkshire Hathaway official website
The Buffett
Buffett Partnership Letters
"Warren Buffett's Letters to Shareholders". Berkshire Hathaway. 
Berkshire Hathaway SEC 13F Filings
Appearances on C-SPAN
Warren Buffett on Charlie Rose
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The Guardian.  
Works by or about Warren Buffett in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Stempel, Jonathan (February 12, 2008). "FACTBOX: Warren Buffett at a glance". Reuters. 



Honorary titles


Preceded by
Ingvar Kamprad
World's richest person
?–1995
Succeeded by
Bill Gates


Preceded by
Bill Gates
World's richest person
2008–2009








v
t
e


Graham Holdings Company



Corporate staff



Donald E. Graham (COB & CEO)





Kaplan, Inc.



Concord Law School
Dev Bootcamp
Dublin Business School
Kaplan Financial Ltd
Kaplan Law School
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan University
Schweser





Television stations




NBC affiliates



KPRC
WDIV
WSLS





ABC affiliate



KSAT





CBS affiliate



WKMG





CW affiliate



WCWJ





Independent station



WJXT








The Slate Group



Foreign Policy
Panoply Media
Slate












v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category












v
t
e


Buffett family



First generation



Howard H. Buffett

m. Leila Stahl Buffett







Second generation

Doris Buffett

Warren Buffett

m. 1st Susan T. Buffett
m. 2nd Astrid Menks


Roberta Buffett Elliott





Third generation



Children of Warren Buffett
Susan A. Buffett




m. Allen Greenberg




Howard G. Buffett




m. 1st Marcia Sue Duncan
m. 2nd Devon Morse




Peter Buffett




m. 1st Mary Buffet
m. 2nd Jennifer Buffett







Fourth generation



Children of Howard G. Buffett
Howard W. Buffett (m. Lili T. Buffett)


Step-children of Peter Buffett
Nicole Buffett
Erica Buffett





Companies and organizations



Berkshire Hathaway
Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation
Sherwood Foundation
Howard G. Buffett Foundation
NoVo Foundation
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars










Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 121622610
LCCN: n85256764
ISNI: 0000 0001 2149 5004
GND: 119261855
SELIBR: 387113
SUDOC: 050292668
BNF: cb13509178t (data)
NDL: 00722597
NKC: vse2005270947
BNE: XX1306624










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Warren_Buffett&oldid=791386992"					
Categories: 1930 births20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican agnosticsAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican salespeopleAmerican stockbrokersAmerican stock tradersAmerican venture capitalistsBerkshire Hathaway employeesBill & Melinda Gates Foundation peopleBuffett familyBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaBusinesspeople from NebraskaColumbia Business School alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayDirectors of The Coca-Cola CompanyEquity securitiesGiving PledgersGrinnell College peopleLiving peopleNebraska DemocratsPeople with cancerPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsStock and commodity market managersTechnical analystsThe Washington Post peopleUniversity of Nebraska–Lincoln alumniWoodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمازِرونیBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray吴语ייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Warren Buffett - Wikipedia




















 







Warren Buffett

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Warren Buffett



Warren Buffett in 2005



Born
Warren Edward Buffett
(1930-08-30) August 30, 1930 (age 86)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Residence
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Pennsylvania (transferred)
University of Nebraska–Lincoln (B.S.)
Columbia University (M.S.)


Occupation
Investor, business magnate, and philanthropist


Years active
1951–present


Known for
Leadership of Berkshire Hathaway with Charlie Munger


Salary
US$100,000[1]


Net worth
US$73.3 billion (May 2017)


Spouse(s)
Susan Thompson
(m. 1952; her death 2004)
Astrid Menks
(m. 2006)


Children
Susan Alice Buffett
Howard Graham Buffett
Peter Buffett


Parent(s)
Howard Buffett
Leila Stahl Buffett


Relatives
Howard Warren Buffett (grandson)


Signature





Warren Edward Buffett (/ˈbʌfᵻt/; born August 30, 1930)[2] is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world,[3][4] and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $73.3 billion.[5]
Born in Omaha, Buffett developed an interest in business and investing in his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from University of Nebraska–Lincoln at the age of 19. Buffett went on to enroll and graduate from Columbia University where he learned and eventually molded his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham–value investing. He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham. After meeting Charlie Munger, Buffett created the Buffett Partnership. His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970,[6] and his business exploits have had him referred to as the "Wizard", "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media outlets.[7][8] He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.[9]
Buffett is a notable philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent[10] of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2009, with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, Warren founded The Giving Pledge, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.[11]
He is also active in contributing to political causes, having endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election;[12] he has publicly opposed the policies, actions, and statements of the current U.S. president, Donald Trump.[13]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career

2.1 Early business career
2.2 Assuming Berkshire
2.3 As a billionaire
2.4 2007-08 financial crisis
2.5 A capitalized Berkshire


3 Investment philosophy

3.1 Index funds and active management


4 Personal life

4.1 Health


5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 Political and economic views

6.1 Health care
6.2 Taxes
6.3 Trade deficit
6.4 Dollar and gold
6.5 China
6.6 Tobacco
6.7 Coal
6.8 Renewable energy
6.9 Expensing of stock options
6.10 Technology


7 See also
8 Bibliography

8.1 Books about Buffett


9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



Early life and education
Buffett was born in 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the second of three children and the only son of Leila (née Stahl) and Congressman Howard Buffett,[14] Buffett began his education at Rose Hill Elementary School. In 1942, his father was elected to the first of four terms in the United States Congress, and after moving with his family to Washington, D.C., Warren finished elementary school, attended Alice Deal Junior High School and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1947, where his senior yearbook picture reads: "likes math; a future stockbroker."[15] After finishing high school and finding success with his side entrepreneurial and investment ventures, Buffett wanted to skip college to go directly into business, but was overruled by his father.[16][17]
Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. He was inspired by a book he borrowed from the Omaha public library at the age of seven, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000.[18] Much of Buffett's early childhood years were enlivened with entrepreneurial ventures. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school, he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps, and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[19] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in three different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a war veteran.[20]




Investor Benjamin Graham was influential on young Buffett


Buffett's interest in the stock market and investing dated to schoolboy days he spent in the customers' lounge of a regional stock brokerage near his father's own brokerage office. On a trip to New York City at age ten, he made a point to visit the New York Stock Exchange. At 11, he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred for himself, and three for his sister Doris Buffett (founder of The Sunshine Lady Foundation).[21][22][23] At the age of 15, Warren made more than $175 monthly delivering Washington Post newspapers. In high school, he invested in a business owned by his father and bought a 40-acre farm worked by a tenant farmer. He bought the land when he was 14 years old with $1,200 of his savings. By the time he finished college, Buffett had accumulated $9,800 in savings (about $99,000 today).[20][24]
In 1947, Buffett entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He would have preferred to focus on his business ventures; however, he enrolled due to pressure from his father.[20] Warren studied there for two years and joined the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity.[25] He then transferred to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where at 19, he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. After being rejected by Harvard Business School, Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University upon learning that Benjamin Graham taught there. He earned a Master of Science in Economics from Columbia in 1951. After graduating, Buffett attended the New York Institute of Finance.[26]

The basic ideas of investing are to look at stocks as business, use the market's fluctuations to your advantage, and seek a margin of safety. That's what Ben Graham taught us. A hundred years from now they will still be the cornerstones of investing.[27][28][29]
— Warren Buffett

Investment career
For more details on Warren Buffett's time at Berkshire Hathaway, see List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Early business career
Buffett worked from 1951 to 1954 at Buffett-Falk & Co. as an investment salesman; from 1954 to 1956 at Graham-Newman Corp. as a securities analyst; from 1956 to 1969 at Buffett Partnership, Ltd. as a general partner and from 1970, as Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
In April 1952, Buffett discovered that Graham was on the board of GEICO insurance. Taking a train to Washington, D.C. on a Saturday, he knocked on the door of GEICO's headquarters until a janitor admitted him. There he met Lorimer Davidson, Geico's Vice President, and the two discussed the insurance business for hours. Davidson would eventually become Buffett's lifelong friend and a lasting influence,[30] and would later recall that he found Buffett to be an "extraordinary man" after only fifteen minutes. Buffett wanted to work on Wall Street; however, both his father and Ben Graham urged him not to. He offered to work for Graham for free, but Graham refused.[31]
Buffett returned to Omaha and worked as a stockbroker while taking a Dale Carnegie public speaking course.[32] Using what he learned, he felt confident enough to teach an "Investment Principles" night class at the University of Nebraska-Omaha. The average age of his students was more than twice his own. During this time he also purchased a Sinclair Texaco gas station as a side investment. However, this was not successful.[33]
In 1952,[34] Buffett married Susan Thompson at Dundee Presbyterian Church. The next year they had their first child, Susan Alice. In 1954, Buffett accepted a job at Benjamin Graham's partnership. His starting salary was $12,000 a year (about $107,000 today).[24] There he worked closely with Walter Schloss. Graham was a tough boss. He was adamant that stocks provide a wide margin of safety after weighing the trade-off between their price and their intrinsic value. The argument made sense to Buffett but he questioned whether the criteria were too stringent and caused the company to miss out on big winners that had other appealing features.[citation needed] That same year the Buffetts had their second child, Howard Graham. In 1956, Benjamin Graham retired and closed his partnership. At this time Buffett's personal savings were over $174,000 (about $1.53 million today)[24] and he started Buffett Partnership Ltd.




Buffett's home in Omaha, Nebraska


In 1957, Buffett operated three partnerships. He purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for $31,500.[35][36] In 1958 the Buffetts' third child, Peter Andrew, was born. Buffett operated five partnerships that year. In 1959, the company grew to six partnerships and Buffett met future partner Charlie Munger. By 1960, Buffett operated seven partnerships. He asked one of his partners, a doctor, to find ten other doctors willing to invest $10,000 each in his partnership. Eventually eleven agreed, and Buffett pooled their money with a mere $100 original investment of his own. In 1961, Buffett revealed that Sanborn Map Company accounted for 35% of the partnership's assets. He explained that in 1958 Sanborn stock sold at only $45 per share when the value of the Sanborn investment portfolio was $65 per share. This meant that buyers valued Sanborn stock at "minus $20" per share and were unwilling to pay more than 70 cents on the dollar for an investment portfolio with a map business thrown in for nothing which earned him a spot on Sanborn's board.[37]
Assuming Berkshire
In 1962, Buffett became a millionaire because of his partnerships, which in January 1962 had an excess of $7,178,500, of which over $1,025,000 belonged to Buffett. He merged these partnerships into one. Buffett invested in and eventually took control of a textile manufacturing firm, Berkshire Hathaway. He began buying shares in Berkshire from Seabury Stanton, the owner, whom he later fired. Buffett's partnerships began purchasing shares at $7.60 per share. In 1965, when Buffett's partnerships began purchasing Berkshire aggressively, they paid $14.86 per share while the company had working capital of $19 per share. This did not include the value of fixed assets (factory and equipment). Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway at a board meeting and named a new president, Ken Chace, to run the company. In 1966, Buffett closed the partnership to new money. He later claimed that the textile business had been his worst trade.[38] He then moved the business into the insurance sector, and, in 1985, the last of the mills that had been the core business of Berkshire Hathaway was sold. Buffett wrote in his letter: "... unless it appears that circumstances have changed (under some conditions added capital would improve results) or unless new partners can bring some asset to the partnership other than simply capital, I intend to admit no additional partners to BPL."[citation needed]
In a second letter, Buffett announced his first investment in a private business — Hochschild, Kohn and Co, a privately owned Baltimore department store. In 1967, Berkshire paid out its first and only dividend of 10 cents.[39] In 1969, following his most successful year, Buffett liquidated the partnership and transferred their assets to his partners. Among the assets paid out were shares of Berkshire Hathaway. In 1970, Buffett began writing his now-famous annual letters to shareholders. However, he lived solely on his salary of $50,000 per year and his outside investment income. In 1979, Berkshire began the year trading at $775 per share, and ended at $1,310. Buffett's net worth reached $620 million.[citation needed]
In 1973, Berkshire began to acquire stock in the Washington Post Company. Buffett became close friends with Katharine Graham, who controlled the company and its flagship newspaper, and joined its board. In 1974, the SEC opened a formal investigation into Buffett and Berkshire's acquisition of Wesco Financial, due to possible conflict of interest. No charges were brought. In 1977, Berkshire indirectly purchased the Buffalo Evening News for $32.5 million. Antitrust charges started, instigated by its rival, the Buffalo Courier-Express. Both papers lost money, until the Courier-Express folded in 1982.
In 1979, Berkshire began to acquire stock in ABC. Capital Cities announced a $3.5 billion purchase of ABC on March 18, 1985 surprising the media industry, as ABC was four times bigger than Capital Cities at the time. Buffett helped finance the deal in return for a 25% stake in the combined company.[40] The newly merged company, known as Capital Cities/ABC (or CapCities/ABC), was forced to sell some stations due to U.S. Federal Communications Commission ownership rules. The two companies also owned several radio stations in the same markets.[41]
In 1987, Berkshire Hathaway purchased a 12% stake in Salomon Inc., making it the largest shareholder and Buffett a director. In 1990, a scandal involving John Gutfreund (former CEO of Salomon Brothers) surfaced. A rogue trader, Paul Mozer, was submitting bids in excess of what was allowed by Treasury rules. When this was brought to Gutfreund's attention, he did not immediately suspend the rogue trader. Gutfreund left the company in August 1991.[42] Buffett became Chairman of Salomon until the crisis passed.[43]
In 1988, Buffett began buying The Coca-Cola Company stock, eventually purchasing up to 7% of the company for $1.02 billion.[44] It would turn out to be one of Berkshire's most lucrative investments, and one which it still holds.[citation needed]
As a billionaire
Buffett became a paper billionaire when Berkshire Hathaway began selling class A shares on May 29, 1990, with the market closing at US$7,175 a share.[45] In 1998 he acquired General Re (Gen Re) as a subsidiary in a deal that presented difficulties—according to the Rational Walk investment website, "underwriting standards proved to be inadequate," while a "problematic derivatives book" was resolved after numerous years and a significant loss.[46] Gen Re later provided reinsurance after Buffett became involved with Maurice R. Greenberg at AIG in 2002.[47]




Buffett meets with President Barack Obama at the White House in July 2011


During a 2005 investigation of an accounting fraud case involving AIG, Gen Re executives became implicated. On March 15, 2005, the AIG board forced Greenberg to resign from his post as Chairman and CEO after New York state regulators claimed that AIG had engaged in questionable transactions and improper accounting.[48] On February 9, 2006, AIG agreed to pay a US$1.6 billion fine.[49] In 2010 the U.S. government agreed to a US$92 million settlement with Gen Re, allowing the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary to avoid prosecution in the AIG case. Gen Re also made a commitment to implement "corporate governance concessions," which required Berkshire Hathaway’s Chief Financial Officer to attend General Re’s audit committee meetings and mandated the appointment of an independent director.[46]
In 2002, Buffett entered in US$11 billion worth of forward contracts to deliver U.S. dollars against other currencies. By April 2006, his total gain on these contracts was over US$2 billion. In 2006, Buffett announced in June that he gradually would give away 85% of his Berkshire holdings to five foundations in annual gifts of stock, starting in July 2006—the largest contribution would go to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.[50]
In 2007, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett announced that he was looking for a younger successor, or perhaps successors, to run his investment business.[51] Buffett had previously selected Lou Simpson, who runs investments at Geico, to fill the role; however, Simpson is only six years younger than Buffett.[citation needed]
2007-08 financial crisis
Buffett ran into criticism during the subprime crisis of 2007–2008, part of the recession that started in 2007, that he had allocated capital too early resulting in suboptimal deals.[52] "Buy American. I am." he wrote for an opinion piece published in the New York Times in 2008.[53] Buffett called the downturn in the financial sector that started in 2007 "poetic justice".[54] Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway suffered a 77% drop in earnings during Q3 2008 and several of his later deals suffered large mark-to-market losses.[55]
Berkshire Hathaway acquired 10% perpetual preferred stock of Goldman Sachs.[56] Some of Buffett's put options (European exercise at expiry only) that he wrote (sold) were running at around $6.73 billion mark-to-market losses as of late 2008.[57] The scale of the potential loss prompted the SEC to demand that Berkshire produce, "a more robust disclosure" of factors used to value the contracts.[57] Buffett also helped Dow Chemical pay for its $18.8 billion takeover of Rohm & Haas. He thus became the single largest shareholder in the enlarged group with his Berkshire Hathaway, which provided $3 billion, underlining his instrumental role during the crisis in debt and equity markets.[58]
In 2008, Buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion[59] by Forbes and at $58 billion[60] by Yahoo, overtaking Bill Gates, who had been number one on the Forbes list for 13 consecutive years.[61] In 2009, Gates regained the top position on the Forbes list, with Buffett shifted to second place. Both of the men's values dropped, to $40 billion and $37 billion respectively—according to Forbes, Buffett lost $25 billion over a 12-month period during 2008/2009.[62]
In October 2008, the media reported that Buffett had agreed to buy General Electric (GE) preferred stock.[63] The operation included special incentives: He received an option to buy three billion shares of GE stock, at $22.25, over the five years following the agreement, and Buffett also received a 10% dividend (callable within three years). In February 2009, Buffett sold some Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson shares from his personal portfolio.[64]
In addition to suggestions of mistiming, the wisdom in keeping some of Berkshire's major holdings, including The Coca-Cola Company, which in 1998 peaked at $86, raised questions. Buffett discussed the difficulties of knowing when to sell in the company's 2004 annual report:

That may seem easy to do when one looks through an always-clean, rear-view mirror. Unfortunately, however, it's the windshield through which investors must peer, and that glass is invariably fogged.[65]

In March 2009, Buffett said in a cable television interview that the economy had "fallen off a cliff ... Not only has the economy slowed down a lot, but people have really changed their habits like I haven't seen". Additionally, Buffett feared that inflation levels that occurred in the 1970s—which led to years of painful stagflation—might re-emerge.[66][67]
A capitalized Berkshire




Buffett in 2015 at his annual Berkshire Shareholders Meeting


On August 14, 2014, the price of Berkshire Hathaway's shares hit US$200,000 a share for the first time, capitalizing the company at US$328 billion. While Buffett had given away much of his stock to charities by this time, he still held 321,000 shares worth US$64.2 billion. On August 20, 2014, Berkshire Hathaway was fined $896,000 for failing to report December 9, 2013 purchase of shares in USG Corporation as required.[68]
In 2009, Buffett invested $2.6 billion as a part of Swiss Re's campaign to raise equity capital.[69][70] Berkshire Hathaway already owned a 3% stake, with rights to own more than 20%.[71] Also in 2009, Buffett acquired Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp. for $34 billion in cash and stock. Alice Schroeder, author of Snowball, said that a key reason for the purchase was to diversify Berkshire Hathaway from the financial industry.[72] Measured by market capitalization in the Financial Times Global 500, Berkshire Hathaway was the eighteenth largest corporation in the world as of June 2009.[73]
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors,

I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.[74]

The merger with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) closed upon BNSF shareholder approval in 1Q2010. This deal was valued at approximately $34 billion and represented an increase of the previously existing stake of 22%.[citation needed]
In June 2010, Buffett defended the credit-rating agencies for their role in the US financial crisis, claiming:

Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble. That's the nature of bubbles – they're mass delusions.[75]

On March 18, 2011, Goldman Sachs was given Federal Reserve approval to buy back Berkshire's preferred stock in Goldman. Buffett had been reluctant to give up the stock, which averaged $1.4 million in dividends per day,[76][77] saying:

I'm going to be the Osama bin Laden of capitalism. I'm on my way to an unknown destination in Asia where I'm going to look for a cave. If the U.S. Armed forces can't find Osama bin Laden in 10 years, let Goldman Sachs try to find me.[78]

In November 2011, it was announced that over the course of the previous eight months, Buffett had bought 64 million shares of International Business Machine Corp (IBM) stock, worth around $11 billion. This unanticipated investment raised his stake in the company to around 5.5 percent—the largest stake in IBM alongside that of State Street Global Advisors. Buffett had said on numerous prior occasions that he would not invest in technology because he did not fully understand it, so the move came as a surprise to many investors and observers. During the interview, in which he revealed the investment to the public, Buffett stated that he was impressed by the company's ability to retain corporate clients and said, "I don't know of any large company that really has been as specific on what they intend to do and how they intend to do it as IBM."[79]

External video




 Testing Mattresses with Warren Buffett, 3:24, gatesnotes[80]



In May 2012, Buffett's acquisition of Media General, consisting of 63 newspapers in the south-eastern U.S., was announced.[81] The company was the second news print purchase made by Buffett in one year.[82]
Interim publisher James W. Hopson announced on July 18, 2013 that the Press of Atlantic City would be sold to Buffett’s BH Media Group by ABARTA, a private holding company based in Pittsburgh, U.S. At the Berkshire shareholders meeting in May 2013, Buffett explained that he did not expect to "move the needle" at Berkshire with newspaper acquisitions, but he anticipates an annual return of 10 percent. The Press of Atlantic City became Berkshire's 30th daily newspaper, following other purchases such as Virginia, U.S.' Roanoke Times and The Tulsa World in Oklahoma, U.S.[83]
During a presentation to Georgetown University students in Washington, D.C. in late September 2013, Buffett compared the U.S. Federal Reserve to a hedge fund and stated that the bank is generating "$80 billion or $90 billion a year probably" in revenue for the U.S. government. Buffett also advocated further on the issue of wealth equality in society:

We have learned to turn out lots of goods and services, but we haven’t learned as well how to have everybody share in the bounty. The obligation of a society as prosperous as ours is to figure out how nobody gets left too far behind.[84]

After the difficulties of the economic crisis, Buffett managed to bring its company back to its pre-recession standards: in Q2 2014, Berkshire Hathaway made $6.4 billion in net profit, the most it had ever made in a three-month period.[85]
Investment philosophy
Warren Buffett's writings include his annual reports and various articles. Buffett is recognized by communicators[86] as a great story-teller, as evidenced by his annual letters to shareholders. He warned about the pernicious effects of inflation:[87]

The arithmetic makes it plain that inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislatures. The inflation tax has a fantastic ability to simply consume capital. It makes no difference to a widow with her savings in a 5 percent passbook account whether she pays 100 percent income tax on her interest income during a period of zero inflation, or pays no income taxes during years of 5 percent inflation.
— Buffett, Fortune (1977)

In his article "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", Buffett rebutted the academic efficient-market hypothesis, that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance", by highlighting the results achieved by a number of students of the Graham and Dodd value investing school of thought. In addition to himself, Buffett named Walter J. Schloss, Tom Knapp, Ed Anderson (Tweedy, Browne LLC), William J. Ruane (Sequoia Fund, Inc.), Charles Munger (Buffett's own business partner at Berkshire), Rick Guerin (Pacific Partners, Ltd.), and Stan Perlmeter (Perlmeter Investments).[88] In his November 1999 Fortune article, he warned of investors' unrealistic expectations:[89]

Let me summarize what I've been saying about the stock market: I think it's very hard to come up with a persuasive case that equities will over the next 17 years perform anything like—anything like—they've performed in the past 17. If I had to pick the most probable return, from appreciation and dividends combined, that investors in aggregate—repeat, aggregate—would earn in a world of constant interest rates, 2% inflation, and those ever hurtful frictional costs, it would be 6%!
— Buffett, Fortune (1999)

Index funds and active management
Towards his later life, particularly following the global financial crisis of 2007-8, Buffett became an increasingly vocal critic of active management, i.e., mutual funds and hedge funds. Buffett is skeptical that active management and stock-picking can outperform the market in the long run, and has advised both individual and institutional investors to move their money to low-cost index funds that track broad, diversified stock market indices. Buffett said in one of his letters to shareholders that "when trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients."[90] In 2007, Buffett made a bet with numerous managers that a simple S&P 500 index fund will outperform hedge funds that charge exorbitant fees. By 2017, the index fund was outperforming every hedge fund that had made the bet against Buffett by a significant margin.[90]
Personal life




Buffett with Gary Green in 2010


In 1949, Buffett was infatuated with a young woman whose current boyfriend had a ukulele. In an attempt to compete, he bought one of the diminutive instruments and has been playing it ever since. Though the attempt was unsuccessful, his music interest was a key part of his becoming a part of Susan Thompson's life and led to their marriage. Buffett often plays the instrument at stock holder meetings and other opportunities. His love of the instrument led to the commissioning of two custom Dairy Queen ukuleles by Dave Talsma, one of which was auctioned for charity.[91]
Buffett married Susan Buffett (née Thompson) in 1952. They had three children, Susie, Howard and Peter. The couple began living separately in 1977, although they remained married until Susan Buffett's death in July 2004. Their daughter, Susie, lives in Omaha, is a national board member of Girls, Inc., and does charitable work through the Susan A. Buffett Foundation.[citation needed]
In 2006, on his 76th birthday, Buffett married his longtime companion, Astrid Menks, who was then 60 years old—she had lived with him since his wife's departure to San Francisco in 1977.[92][93] Susan had arranged for the two to meet before she left Omaha to pursue her singing career. All three were close and Christmas cards to friends were signed "Warren, Susie and Astrid".[94] Susan briefly discussed this relationship in an interview on the Charlie Rose Show shortly before her death, in a rare glimpse into Buffett's personal life.[95]
Buffett disowned his son Peter's adopted daughter, Nicole, in 2006 after she participated in the Jamie Johnson documentary The One Percent about the growing economic inequality between the wealthy and the average citizen in the United States. Although his first wife referred to Nicole as one of her "adored grandchildren",[96] Buffett wrote her a letter stating, "I have not emotionally or legally adopted you as a grandchild, nor have the rest of my family adopted you as a niece or a cousin."[97][98][99]
His 2006 annual salary was about US$100,000, which is small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.[100] In 2008, he earned a total compensation of $175,000, which included a base salary of just $100,000.[101] He continued to live in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, a fraction of today's value. He also owns a $4 million house in Laguna Beach, California.[102] In 1989, after spending nearly $6.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet, Buffett named it "The Indefensible". This act was a break from his past condemnation of extravagant purchases by other CEOs and his history of using more public transportation.[103]


“
Bridge is such a sensational game that I wouldn't mind being in jail if I had three cellmates who were decent players and who were willing to keep the game going twenty-four hours a day.
”


— Buffett on bridge[104]


Buffett is an avid bridge player, which he plays with fellow fan Gates[105]—he allegedly spends 12 hours a week playing the game.[106] In 2006, he sponsored a bridge match for the Buffett Cup. Modeled on the Ryder Cup in golf—held immediately before it in the same city—the teams are chosen by invitation, with a female team and five male teams provided by each country.[107]
He is a dedicated, lifelong follower of Nebraska football, and attends as many games as his schedule permits. He supported the hire of Bo Pelini, following the 2007 season, stating, "It was getting kind of desperate around here".[108] He watched the 2009 game against Oklahoma from the Nebraska sideline, after being named an honorary assistant coach.[109]
Buffett worked with Christopher Webber on an animated series called "Secret Millionaires Club" with chief Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment. The series features Buffett and Munger, and teaches children healthy financial habits.[110][111]
Buffett was raised as a Presbyterian, but has since described himself as agnostic.[112] In December 2006, it was reported that Buffett does not carry a mobile phone, does not have a computer at his desk, and drives his own automobile,[113] a Cadillac DTS.[114] In 2013 he had an old Nokia flip phone and had sent one email in his entire life.[115] Buffett reads five newspapers every day, beginning with the Omaha World Herald, which his company acquired in 2011.
A September 2014 Fast Company article featured Buffett's “avoid at all cost” practice, used to prioritize personal goals. Buffett advises people to first create a list of the top 25 accomplishments that they would like to complete over the next few years of their life, and to then pick the five most-important list items. Buffett stated that people need to “avoid at all cost” the initial, longer list, as it would hinder the achievement of the top-five.[116]
Buffett's speeches are known for mixing business discussions with humor. Each year, Buffett presides over Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska, an event drawing over 20,000 visitors from both United States and abroad, giving it the nickname "Woodstock of Capitalism". Berkshire's annual reports and letters to shareholders, prepared by Buffett, frequently receive coverage by the financial media. Buffett's writings are known for containing quotations from sources as varied as the Bible and Mae West,[117] as well as advice in a folksy Midwestern style and numerous jokes.
In April 2017 Buffett (an avid Coca-Cola drinker and investor in said company) agreed to have his likeness placed on cherry coke products in China. Buffett was not compensated for this advertisement.[118][119]
Health
On April 11, 2012, Buffett was diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer during a routine test.[120] He announced he would begin two months of daily radiation treatment from mid-July; however, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett said he felt "great - as if I were in my normal excellent health - and my energy level is 100 percent". On September 15, 2012, Buffett announced that he had completed the full 44-day radiation treatment cycle, saying "it's a great day for me" and "I am so glad to say that's over".[121]
Wealth and philanthropy




Buffett, Kathy Ireland and Bill Gates at the 2015 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting


In 2008 he was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of approximately US$62 billion.[122] In 2009, after donating billions of dollars to charity, Buffett was ranked as the second richest man in the United States with a net worth of US$37 billion[123][124] with only Bill Gates ranked higher than Buffett. His net worth had risen to $58.5 billion as of September 2013.[125]
In 1999, Buffett was named the top money manager of the Twentieth Century in a survey by the Carson Group, ahead of Peter Lynch and John Templeton.[126] In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in the world.[127] In 2011, President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.[128] Most recently, Buffett, along with Bill Gates, was named the most influential global thinker in Foreign Policy's 2010 report.[129]
Buffett has written several times of his belief that, in a market economy, the rich earn outsized rewards for their talents.[130] His children will not inherit a significant proportion of his wealth. He once commented, "I want to give my kids just enough so that they would feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they would feel like doing nothing".[131]
Buffett had long stated his intention to give away his fortune to charity, and in June 2006, he announced a new plan to give 83% of it to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.[132] He pledged about the equivalent of 10 million Berkshire Hathaway Class B shares to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (worth approximately US$30.7 billion as of June 23, 2006),[133] making it the largest charitable donation in history, and Buffett one of the leaders of philanthrocapitalism.[134] The foundation will receive 5% of the total each July, beginning in 2006. (The pledge is conditional upon the foundation's giving away each year, beginning in 2009, an amount that is at least equal to the value of the entire previous year's gift from Buffett, in addition to 5% of the foundation's net assets.) Buffett joined the Gates Foundation's board, but did not plan to be actively involved in the foundation's investments.[135][136]
This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.[137] The bulk of the estate of his wife, valued at $2.6 billion, went there when she died in 2004.[138] He also pledged $50 million to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in Washington, where he began serving as an adviser in 2002.[139]
In 2006, he auctioned his 2001 Lincoln Town Car[140] on eBay to raise money for Girls, Inc.[141] In 2007, he auctioned a luncheon with himself that raised a final bid of $650,100 for the Glide Foundation.[142] Later auctions raised $2,110,100,[143][144] $1.68 million[145] and $3,456,789. The winners traditionally dine with Buffett at New York's Smith and Wollensky steak house. The restaurant donates at least $10,000 to Glide each year to host the meal.[146]
On December 9, 2010, Buffett, Bill Gates, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg signed a promise they called the "Gates-Buffett Giving Pledge", in which they promise to donate to charity at least half of their wealth, and invite other wealthy people to follow suit.[11][147]
Political and economic views




Buffett and President Obama in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010


In addition to political contributions over the years, Buffett endorsed and made campaign contributions to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. On July 2, 2008, Buffett attended a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Obama's campaign in Chicago.[148] Buffett intimated that John McCain's views on social justice were so far from his own that McCain would need a "lobotomy" for Buffett to change his endorsement.[149] During the second 2008 U.S. presidential debate, McCain and Obama, after being asked first by presidential debate mediator Tom Brokaw, both mentioned Buffett as a possible future Secretary of the Treasury.[150] Later, in the third and final presidential debate, Obama mentioned Buffett as a potential economic advisor.[151] Buffett was also finance advisor to California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger during his 2003 election campaign.[152]
On December 16, 2015, Buffett endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president.[12] On August 1, 2016, Buffett challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns.[153][154] On October 10, 2016, after another reference to him in the 2nd 2016 presidential debate, Buffett released his own tax return.[155][156] He said he had paid $1.85 million in federal income taxes in 2015 on an adjusted gross income of $11.6 million, meaning he had an effective federal income tax rate of around 16 percent. Buffett also said he had made more than $2.8 billion worth of donations last year.[156] Buffett said, "I have been audited by the IRS multiple times and am currently being audited. I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump -- at least he would have no legal problem." This was a measured response to Trump saying he was unable to release his tax information due to being under audit.[156]
Health care
Buffett described the health care reform under President Barack Obama as insufficient to deal with the costs of health care in the US, though he supports its aim of expanding health insurance coverage.[157] Buffett compared health care costs to a tapeworm, saying that they compromise US economic competitiveness by increasing manufacturing costs.[157] Buffett thinks health care costs should head towards 13 to 14% of GDP.[158] (Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the CMS actuary has projected health care costs will reach almost 20% of GDP by 2020.)[159] Buffett said "If you want the very best, I mean if you want to spend a million dollars to prolong your life 3 months in a coma or something then the US is probably the best", but he also said that other countries spend much less and receive much more in health care value (visits, hospital beds, doctors and nurses per capita).[160]
Buffett faults the incentives in the United States medical industry, that payers reimburse doctors for procedures (fee-for-service) leading to unnecessary care (overutilization), instead of paying for results.[161] He cited Atul Gawande's 2009 article in the New Yorker[162] as a useful consideration of US health care, with its documentation of unwarranted variation in Medicare expenditures between McAllen, Texas and El Paso, Texas.[161] Buffett raised the problem of lobbying by the medical industry, saying that they are very focused on maintaining their income.[163]


Play media


President Obama announcing the "Buffett Rule"


Taxes
See also: Buffett Rule
Buffett stated that he only paid 19% of his income for 2006 ($48.1 million) in total federal taxes (due to their source as dividends and capital gains, although the figure excluded the taxes on that income paid by the corporations that provided it), while his employees paid 33% of theirs, despite making much less money.[164] “How can this be fair?” Buffett asked, regarding how little he pays in taxes compared to his employees. "How can this be right?" He also added, "There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."[165][166] After Donald Trump accused him of taking "massive deductions," Buffett countered, "I have copies of all 72 of my returns and none uses a carryforward."[167]
Buffett favors the inheritance tax, saying that repealing it would be like "choosing the 2020 Olympic team by picking the eldest sons of the gold-medal winners in the 2000 Olympics".[168] In 2007, Buffett testified before the Senate and urged them to preserve the estate tax so as to avoid a plutocracy.[169] Some critics argued that Buffett (through Berkshire Hathaway) has a personal interest in the continuation of the estate tax, since Berkshire Hathaway benefited from the estate tax in past business dealings and had developed and marketed insurance policies to protect policy holders against future estate tax payments.[170] Buffett believes government should not be in the business of gambling, or legalizing casinos, calling it a tax on ignorance.[171]
Trade deficit
Buffett viewed the United States' expanding trade deficit as a trend that will devalue the US dollar and US assets. He predicted that the US dollar will lose value in the long run, as a result of putting a larger portion of ownership of US assets in the hands of foreigners. In his letter to shareholders in March 2005, he predicted that in another ten years' time the net ownership of the U.S. by outsiders would amount to $11 trillion.

Americans ... would chafe at the idea of perpetually paying tribute to their creditors and owners abroad. A country that is now aspiring to an 'ownership society' will not find happiness in – and I'll use hyperbole here for emphasis – a 'sharecropping society’.

Dollar and gold
The trade deficit induced Buffett to enter the foreign currency market for the first time in 2002. He substantially reduced his stake in 2005 as changing interest rates increased the costs of holding currency contracts. Buffett remained bearish on the dollar, stating that he was looking to acquire companies with substantial foreign revenues. Buffett emphasized the non-productive aspect of a gold standard for the United States dollar in 1998 at Harvard:

It gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.

In 1977, about stocks, gold, farmland and inflation, he stated:

Stocks are probably still the best of all the poor alternatives in an era of inflation – at least they are if you buy in at appropriate prices.[172]

China
Buffett invested in PetroChina Company Limited and in a rare move, posted a commentary[173] on Berkshire Hathaway's website stating why he would not divest over its connection with the Sudanese civil war that caused Harvard to divest. He sold this stake soon afterwards, sparing him the billions of dollars he would have lost had he held on to the company in the midst of the steep drop in oil prices beginning in the summer of 2008.
In October 2008, Buffett invested $230 million for 10% of battery maker BYD Company (SEHK: 1211), which runs a subsidiary of electric automobile manufacturer BYD Auto. In less than one year, the investment reaped over 500% return.[174]
Tobacco
During the RJR Nabisco, Inc. hostile takeover fight in 1987, Buffett was quoted as telling John Gutfreund:[175]

I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.
— Buffett, quoted in Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco

Speaking at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 1994 annual meeting, Buffett said investments in tobacco are:[176]

fraught with questions that relate to societal attitudes and those of the present administration. I would not like to have a significant percentage of my net worth invested in tobacco businesses. The economy of the business may be fine, but that doesn't mean it has a bright future.
— Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting

Coal
In 2007, Buffett's PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of his MidAmerican Energy Company, canceled six proposed coal-fired power plants. These included Utah's Intermountain Power Project Unit 3, Jim Bridger Unit 5, and four proposed plants previously included in PacifiCorp's Integrated Resource Plan. The cancellations came in the wake of pressure from regulators and citizen groups.[177]
Renewable energy
American Indian tribes and salmon fishermen sought to win support from Buffett for a proposal to remove four hydroelectric dams from the Klamath River. David Sokol responded on Buffett's behalf, stating that the FERC would decide the question.[178][179]
In December 2011, Buffett's MidAmerican Energy Holdings agreed to buy a $2 billion solar energy project under development in California and a 49 percent stake in a $1.8 billion plant in Arizona, his first investments in solar power. He already owned wind farms.[180]
Expensing of stock options
He has been a strong proponent of stock option expensing on corporate Income Statements. At the 2004 annual meeting, he lambasted a bill before the United States Congress that would consider only some company-issued stock options compensation as an expense, likening the bill to one that was almost passed by the Indiana House of Representatives to change the value of Pi from 3.14159 to 3.2 through legislative fiat.[181]

When a company gives something of value to its employees in return for their services, it is clearly a compensation expense. And if expenses don't belong in the earnings statement, where in the world do they belong?[182]

Technology
In May 2012, Buffett said he had avoided buying stock in new social media companies such as Facebook and Google because it is hard to estimate future value. He also stated that initial public offering (IPO) of stock are almost always bad investments. Investors should be looking to companies that will have good value in ten years.[183]
See also

List of University of Nebraska-Lincoln people
List of Columbia University alumni
List of University of Pennsylvania people

Bibliography
Books about Buffett
In October 2008, USA Today reported at least 47 books were in print with Buffett's name in the title. The article quoted the CEO of Borders Books, George Jones, as saying that the only other living persons named in as many book titles were U.S. presidents, world political figures and the Dalai Lama.[184] Buffett said that his own personal favorite is a collection of his essays called The Essays of Warren Buffett,[185] which he described as "a coherent rearrangement of ideas from my annual report letters".[184]
Books or publications by Buffett:

The Essays of Warren Buffett : Lessons for Corporate America, Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; revised edition (April 11, 2001), ISBN 978-0-9664461-1-1
The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition, Warren E. Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; 2nd edition (April 14, 2008), ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8

Some best-selling, or otherwise notable, books about Buffett:

Carol J. Loomis, Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything, 1966-2012: A Fortune Magazine Book.
Preston Pysh, Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books.[186] (An interactive book that references http://www.buffettsbooks.com for online videos)[184]
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett, Making of an American Capitalist
Robert Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way.[184][187]
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life.[188] (Written with Buffett's cooperation.)[189]
Mary Buffett and David Clark, Buffettology[190] and four subsequent books. (Combined sales of more than 1.5 million copies.)[184]
Janet Lowe, Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor.[191]
John Train, The Midas Touch: The Strategies That Have Made Warren Buffett 'America's Preeminent Investor'.[192]
Andrew Kilpatrick, Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.[193] (The longest of the books about Buffett, with 330 chapters, 1,874 pages and 1,400 photos, weighing 10.2 pounds.)[184]
Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
John P. Reese, "The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies".[194] (Includes step-by-step stock-picking method based on Buffett's approach)
Janet M. Tavakoli, Dear Mr. Buffett: what an investor learns 1,269 miles from Wall Street, John Wiley and Sons, 2008, ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6[195]
Vahan Janjigian, Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can—and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor[196]

References


^ "Warren E Buffett, CEO Compensation". Forbes. March 30, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "Warren Buffett Biography (1930–)". Biography.com (FYI / A&E Networks). Retrieved January 28, 2016. 
^ "Ten great investors". Incademy Investor Education. Harriman House Ltd. Archived from the original on November 20, 2015. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ Farrington, Robert. "The top 10 investors of all time". The College Investor. The College Investor, LLC. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved 11 May 2017. 
^ "The Greatest Investors: Warren Buffett". Investopedia.com. Retrieved March 6, 2009. 
^ Markels, Alex (July 29, 2007). "How to Make Money the Buffett Way". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. 
^ Sullivan, Aline (December 20, 1997). "Buffett, the Sage of Omaha, Makes Value Strategy Seem Simple: Secrets of a High Plains Investor". International Herald Tribune. 
^ Gogoi, Pallavi (May 8, 2007). "What Warren Buffett might buy". MSNBC. Retrieved May 9, 2007. 
^ Buffett, Warren (June 16, 2010). "My philanthropic pledge". CNN. 
^ a b "US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ a b Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy December 16, 2015
^ PBS NewsHour (June 26, 2017). "America should stand for more than just wealth, says Warren Buffett" – via YouTube. 
^ Blair, Elliot (January 29, 2004). "Nebraska family clashes over love, money and death". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett's High School Yearbook Totally Nailed What He Would Be When He Grew Up". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-05-15. 
^ Robert G. Hagstrom. "The Warren Buffett Way". Wiley Publishers. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert (2001). The Essential Buffett: Timeless Principles for the New Economy. Wiley. p. 24. 
^ Levere, Jane (January 30, 2017). "New HBO Documentary On Warren Buffett Uses Family Photos, Home Movies To Reveal His Life Story". Forbes. Retrieved July 7, 2017. A voracious reader his entire life, at age seven he read a book he borrowed from the library, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000, and, inspired by its lessons, began selling Coca-Cola, gum and newspapers. 
^ "Buffett 'becomes world's richest'". BBC. March 6, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ a b c "Warren Buffett Timeline". About Money. Retrieved April 30, 2015. 
^ "Doris Buffett works one-on-one to help with billionaire brother's charity, May 27, 2014". csmonitor.com. Retrieved January 4, 2015. 
^ "Special Feature, April 29, 1999: Berkshire and Buffett". Fool.com. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. p. 26. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
^ a b c Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Community Development Project. "Consumer Price Index (estimate) 1800–". Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Retrieved January 2, 2017. 
^ [1], The Daily Pennsylvanian.
^ "History". www.warrenbuffett.com. Retrieved 2016-12-13. 
^ Hagstrom 2005, p. 14 Warren Buffett is now the richest man in the world with $65 billion. GE Raises $15 billion; Buffett Gets Preferred Stake (Update3)
^ Heath, Jason (April 24, 2012). "What Warren Buffett’s cancer diagnosis can teach investors". Financial Post. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Cabot Heritage Corporation (January 15, 2013). "Who is Warren Buffett? - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. p. 43. ISBN 0-385-48491-7. 
^ "Lecture at the University of Florida School of Business – Transcript (PDF document)" (PDF). Intelligent Investor. October 15, 1998. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ ""Person to Person": Warren Buffett". CBS News. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2008). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell. p. 169. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Schudel, Matt (July 30, 2004). "Susan T. Buffett, 72, Dies; Wife of Billionaire Investor". The Washington Post. p. B06. Retrieved July 13, 2009. 
^ "Billionaire Houses". Retrieved October 20, 2016. 
^ Poppick, Susie (May 1, 2016). "This Is How Much It Costs to Live Next Door to Warren Buffett". Time. Retrieved October 1, 2016. 
^ "The Evolution of Warren Buffett's Career from 1936 to 2013". The Value Investing Blog of Old School Value. 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2017-02-04. 
^ Buffett's Worst Trade. CNBC. October 18, 2010. 
^ Graham Kenny (3 August 2009). Diversification Strategy: How to Grow a Business by Diversifying Successfully. Kogan Page Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 978-0-7494-5833-1. 
^ Kleinfield, N.R. "ABC is being sold for $3.5 billion; 1st network sale". The New York Times, March 19, 1985.
^ "FCC approval of Capcities/ABC deal likely". Broadcasting, March 25, 1985.
^ "Inaction Can be as Dangerous as Bad Action, Aly Gonenne, Class of 2004, Duke Leadership Development Initiative". Mbaa.fuqua.duke.edu. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Redirecting Archived March 8, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Learn About the Life and Business of Billionaire, Warren Buffett". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-03-03. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway Inc. historical prices". Google Finance. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ a b "General Re Settlement in AIG Case Closes Difficult Chapter". The Rational Walk. The Rational Walk. January 21, 2010. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Warren E. Buffett (February 21, 2003). "Berkshire’s Corporate Performance vs. the S&P 500" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Diane Brady, Marcia Vickers, Mike McNamee (April 10, 2005). "AIG: What Went Wrong". Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved August 16, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "AIG to Pay $800 Million to Settle Securities Fraud Charges by SEC; Over $1.6 billion to be Paid to Resolve Federal and New York State Actions". Securities and Exchange Commission. February 9, 2006. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. 
^ "HELP WANTED: Warren Buffett Replacement". ABC News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Crippen, Alex. "WSJ to Warren Buffett: "Time to Get a New Crystal Ball"". CNBC. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (October 16, 2008). "Buy American. I am.". The New York Times. Retrieved December 25, 2012. 
^ Dabrowski, Wojtek (February 7, 2008). "Buffett: Bank woes are "poetic justice"". Reuters. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Even Buffett Can't Escape Markets, Storms; Berkshire Profit Falls 77%". Insurance Journal. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ Press Release. "Berkshire Hathaway to Invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs". Goldman Sachs. Archived from the original on December 20, 2008. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (November 24, 2008). "Buffett to disclose more on derivatives". Reuters. Retrieved November 27, 2008. 
^ Fontanella, James (July 11, 2008). "ftalphaville.ft.com, Buffett helps Dow pay $19bn for R&H". Financial Times. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "#1 Warren Buffett". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Buffett overtakes Gates to top new Forbes list". Reuters. October 10, 2008. Archived from the original on October 14, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "#2 Warren Buffett – The World's Billionaires 2009". Forbes. February 13, 2009. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Clark, Andrew (October 1, 2008). "Warren Buffett to buy $3bn of General Electric preferred stock". The Guardian. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway unloads J&J and P&G". Financial Express. February 17, 2009. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Schroeder, Alice The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life ISBN 0-553-80509-6 Bantam Sept 2008
^ Josh Funk, "Buffett says nation will face higher unemployment", AP on Seattle Times, March 9, 2009. Retrieved November 28, 2010.
^ "Buffett: The economy has 'fallen off a cliff'", MSN.com, March 9, 2009 . Retrieved April 3, 2009.
^ Stempel, Jonathan (August 20, 2014) UPDATE 3-U.S. fines Berkshire over stock deal, Buffett admits mistake. Reuters.com. Retrieved August 21, 2014.
^ Lionel Laurent (February 5, 2009). "Buffett Sinks Billions Into Swiss Re". Forbes. 
^ Jolly, David (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re Gets $2.6 billion From Berkshire Hathaway". The New York Times. 
^ Haig Simonian, Francesco Guerrera (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re turns to Buffett for new funding". The Financial Times. 
^ "Alice Schroeder on Buffett and BNI; Which Company Will Berkshire Hathaway Acquire Next?". GuruFocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ FTGlobal500.pdf June 2009,FT.com
^ "Warren Buffett’s Multi-Billion Mistake with ConocoPhillips (COP)". Gurufocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Credit rating agencies not to blame for crisis says Buffett". Insideireland.ie. June 3, 2010. Archived from the original on August 2, 2012. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Berkshire Will Not Exercise Goldman Sachs Warrants Immediately". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Harper, Christine (March 18, 2011). "Goldman Sachs to Pay $5.65 billion to Redeem Buffett’s Stake". Business Week. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Where Will Warren Buffett Hide From Goldman Sachs?". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ "Buffett sheds tech aversion with big IBM investment". Reuters. November 14, 2011. 
^ "Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs". MarketWatch. Dow Jones & Company. June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 9, 2017. 
^ "Warren Buffett invests in Media General newspapers". BBC News. May 17, 2012. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (May 17, 2012). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys Media General newspaper group". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Crippen, Alex (July 18, 2013). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bets on Atlantic City". CNBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ Buhayar, Noah (September 20, 2013). "Buffett Calls Federal Reserve History’s Greatest Hedge Fund". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ "Warren Buffett’s firm just made the most money ever in a single quarter". August 2, 2014. 
^ Lou Hoffman, The Hoffman Agency. "Startup lessons learned from Warren Buffett." April 13, 2010. Retrieved, April 16, 2010.
^ How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor, Warren Buffett, Fortune, May 1977
^ "Official Buffett Biography to Hit Shelves". The New York Times. August 12, 2008. Retrieved August 15, 2008. 
^ Warren Buffett; Carol Loomis (November 22, 1999). "Mr. Buffett on the Stock Market". Fortune. 
^ a b "Warren Buffett, 'Oracle of Omaha', criticizes Wall Street and praises immigrants". Reuters via the Guardian. 25 February 2017. 
^ Yates, Chelsea. "The Billionaire and the Ukulele". Hear Nebraska. 
^ Bailey, Jeff; Dash, Eric (September 1, 2006). "How Does Warren Buffett Get Married? Frugally, It Turns Out". The New York Times. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Brian Goodman (August 31, 2006). "Wedding Bells For Warren Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. Random House. ISBN 0-8129-7927-3. 
^ "Susan Buffett in Her Own Words: Conversations with Charlie Rose". Bookworm Omaha. Archived from the original on December 23, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008.  Also freely available at Hulu.
^ The Rich Man's Michael Moore Wall Street Journal, Robert Frank. February 23, 2008
^ Goodman, Leah McGrath (December 2008). "The Billionaire's Black Sheep". Marie Claire. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Nichols, Michelle (February 21, 2008). "Documentary on wealth gap divides Buffett family". Reuters. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2009). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Random House. pp. 656–657. ISBN 978-0-553-38461-1.  Excerpt available at Google Books.
^ Smith, Rich (June 29, 2005). "Stupid CEO Tricks". Motley Fool. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Warren E. Buffett, Equilar Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Chairman's Letter 1989". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Owen, David (September 17, 2007). "Turning Tricks: The rise and fall of contract bridge.". The New Yorker. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ Moore, Martha T. (December 19, 2005). "Billionaires bank on bridge to trump poker". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Blackstone, John (February 17, 2008). "Bringing Back Bridge". CBS News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Doreen MacMillan (October 5, 2012). "Bridge Scene: United States team secures the 2012 Warren Buffett Cup". Collier Citizen. Scripps Media Inc. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "The Varsity Zone Talks Football with Warren Buffett". YouTube. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Sherman, Mitch (November 7, 2009). "From the sidelines: Can some of these guys suit up?". Omaha World-Herald.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Warren Buffett, Martha Stewart, Gisele Bündchen, and Kosmos Featuring Carl Sagan Headline New Slate of Purpose-Driven Entertainment for Children. Business Wire. July 24, 2009. Archived from the original on October 5, 2015. 
^ "CNBC TRANSCRIPT: Warren Buffett's 'Secret Millionaire's Club' Live Interview on Squawk Box". CNBC. 
^ Wired article Faces of the New Atheism: The Scribe published November 2006. Retrieved November 10, 2009.
^ "How Warren Buffett made his billions". Rediff.com. December 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Taylor III, Alex (June 4, 2006). "Buffett backs GM – and buys a Caddy". CNN. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Piers Morgan (October 22, 2013). "Warren Buffett on cell phones, email, and material goods". CNN. Retrieved November 11, 2014. 
^ Vivian Giang (September 3, 2014). "4 ODD YET EFFECTIVE WAYS THE SMARTEST PEOPLE PRIORITIZE THEIR DAYS". Fast Company. Mansueto Ventures, LLC. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "Chairman's Letter—1993". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "How billionaire Warren Buffett became the face of Cherry Coke in China". ABC News. 2017-04-05. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ France-Presse, Agence (2017-04-05). "Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Cherry Coke in China". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer". BBC News. Retrieved December 27, 2015. 
^ Sam Ro (September 15, 2012). "Warren Buffett Completes Cancer Treatments". Business Insider. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Boyle, Christina (October 1, 2009). "Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Christy Walton top 2009's 'Forbes 400: Richest Americans' list". Daily News. New York. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett signs over $30.7B to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation". USA Today. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "The Forbes 400: The Richest People In America". Forbes. Retrieved June 29, 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffett and Peter Lynch Voted Top Money Managers of the Century". Business Wire. November 22, 1999. Archived from the original on December 9, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Cramer, James J. (April 19, 2003). "Warren Buffett". TIME. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Julianna Goldman (February 15, 2011). "Obama Honors Buffett, George H.W. Bush With Medal of Freedom". Bloomberg. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers". Foreign Policy. November 29, 2010. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor", Warren E. Buffett, Fortune May 1977 #
^ An Exclusive Hour with Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates. Charlie Rose. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. Retrieved December 22, 2015. 
^ "Gates: Buffett gift may help cure worst diseases". MSNBC. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "The birth of philanthrocapitalism". The Economist. February 23, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and STEPHANIE SAUL (June 26, 2006). "Buffett to Give Bulk of His Fortune to Gates Charity". The New York Times. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Yuki Noguchi (June 26, 2006). "Gates Foundation to Get Bulk of Buffett's Fortune". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ Carol J. Loomis (June 25, 2006). "A conversation with Warren Buffett". Fortune. 
^ "Most of Susan Buffett Estate to Go to Foundation". The Foundation Center. August 11, 2004. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "America's Most-Generous Donors, Rank: 1 Warren E. Buffett, Chronicle of Philanthropy". Philanthropy.com. February 22, 2007. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Chapnick, Nate. "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Archived from the original on June 4, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "girls-inc". eBay. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Lindsay Goldwert (July 1, 2007). "Lunch With Warren Buffett? $650,100, Charity Auction Winner Bids Big Money For Steak Lunch With Billionaire Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Zuill, Lilla (June 28, 2008). "uk.reuters.com, Warren Buffett lunch sells for record $2.11 mln". Uk.reuters.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "cnbc.com, Warren Buffett Charity Lunch Auction Ends with High Bid of $2,110,100". Cnbc.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Funk, Josh (June 6, 2010). "Buffett hopes lunch auction again draws big bids". Associated Press. Archived from the original on June 8, 2010. Retrieved June 7, 2010. 
^ "Cost to lunch with Warren Buffett: $3.5 million". Yahoo! News. June 9, 2012. 
^ Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Archived from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 
^ Michael Luo and Christopher Drew (July 3, 2008). "Obama Picks Up Fund-Raising Pace". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ ""Squawk Box" Transcript: Becky Quick Sits Down with Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett". CNBC. Retrieved September 12, 2008. 
^ "Transcript of second McCain, Obama debate". CNN. October 10, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "Obama appoints Buffett as economic adviser". Reuters. November 7, 2008. Archived from the original on July 24, 2013. 
^ USA Today: Schwarzenegger taps Buffett as finance advisor August 14, 2003
^ Haskell, John; Hansler, Jennifer (August 1, 2016). "Warren Buffett Challenges Trump to Show Tax Returns, Says He's 'Afraid'". ABC News. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump says general election may be ‘rigged’". Los Angeles Times. August 1, 2016. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Transcript of the Second Debate". The New York Times. 2016-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b c "Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump". Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  6 minutes in.
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  7 minutes in.
^ Keehan SP, Sisko AM, Truffer CJ, et al. (August 2011). "National health spending projections through 2020: economic recovery and reform drive faster spending growth". Health Aff (Millwood). 30 (8): 1594–605. PMID 21798885. doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2011.0662. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  4 minutes in.
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  9 to 10 minutes in.
^ Atul Gawande (June 1, 2009). "The Cost Conundrum – What a Texas town can teach us about health care". The New Yorker. Retrieved June 29, 2011. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  11 minutes in.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes: 24, 42–3. November 26, 2007. 
^ Ben Stein, "In Class Warfare, Guess Which Class Is Winning", New York Times, November 26, 2006
^ Dave Zweifel, "Plain Talk: There's Class War, and Rich Are Winning", The Cap Times, October 6, 2010
^ Pramuck, Jacob. "Warren Buffett fires back at Donald Trump's comments about his taxes." CNBC. 10 October 2016. 10 October 2016.
^ "Rich Americans back inheritance tax". BBC. February 14, 2001. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Jim Snyder (November 15, 2007). "Buffett tells Senate Finance panel 'dynastic' wealth on the rise in U.S.". The Hill (newspaper). Archived from the original on November 20, 2007. 
^ Berlau, John (August 23, 2004). "Buffetted. The Sage of Omaha loves the estate tax – as well he might". National Review. FindArticles. 
^ Ackman, Dan (October 11, 2004). "America, The Casino Nation". Forbes. Archived from the original on April 13, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren (May 1977). "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor". Fortune. 
^ "Shareholder Proposal Regarding Berkshire's Investment In PetroChina" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Warren Buffett's 500% Return from BYD: The Show Just Begun?". ChinaStakes. Retrieved September 16, 2009. 
^ Burrough, Bryan; Helyar, John (1990). Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-06-016172-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Jenell Wallace (April 25, 1994). "Warren Buffett Cools on His Attraction to Tobacco Business". Legacy Tobacco Documents Library, University of California San Diego Library. Bloomberg. 
^ "Utah Petition Encouraging Energy Diversification" (PDF). Public Service Commission of Utah. July 28, 2007. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 9, 2013. 
^ Josh Funk (May 3, 2008). "Buffett again rebuffs advocates who want Klamath dams out". USA Today. 
^ Bacher, Dan (May 1, 2009). "Klamath Dam Removal Advocates Call on Buffett’s Company To Close the Deal". Indybay.org. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Marc Roca and Ehren Goossens (December 20, 2011). "BP Deems Solar Unprofitable, Exiting Business After 40 Years". Bloomberg. 
^ "Warren Buffett, Fuzzy Math And Stock Options ". The Washington Post. July 6, 2004. p. A19. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (July 24, 2002). "Warren E. Buffett, Who Really Cooks the Books?". The New York Times. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Buffett on Facebook and Google: hard to estimate future valu". Chicago Sun-Times. Associated Press. May 7, 2012. Retrieved May 7, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Del Jones, "Book titles like to play the Warren Buffett name game," USA Today, October 22, 2008.
^ Buffett, Warren; Cunningham, Lawrence. The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition. The Cunningham Group. ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Pysh, Preston. Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books: A guide to the Intelligent Investor, Security Analysis, and the Wealth of Nations. Pylon Publishing Company. ISBN 978-0-98296-762-1. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert G.; Miller, Bill R.; Fisher, Ken (2005). The Warren Buffett Way. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley. ISBN 0-471-74367-4. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Schroeder, Alice. The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell Pub Group 2008. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Janet Maslin, "Books of The Times: The Richest Man and How He Grew (and Grew His Company, Too)," New York Times, September 28, 2008.
^ Buffett, Mary; Clark, David. Buffettology: The Previously Unexplained Techniques That Have Made Warren Buffett The World's Most Famous Investor. Scribner. ISBN 978-0-684-84821-1. 
^ Lowe, Janet. Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-15262-1. 
^ Train, John (1987). The midas touch: the strategies that have made Warren Buffett America's pre-eminent investor. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 978-0-06-015643-5. 
^ Kilpatrick, Andrew. Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett/2008 Cosmic Edition/2 volumes. Andy Kilpatrick Publishing Empire (AKPE). ISBN 978-1-57864-455-1. 
^ Reese, John P.; Jack Forehand (2009). The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-37709-3. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet (January 9, 2009). Dear Mr. Buffett: What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street. Wiley. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6. 
^ Janjigian, Vahan (May 1, 2008). Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can--and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor. Penguin. ISBN 9781440631474. 


Further reading

Schwartz, Mattathias (January 2010). "The Church of Warren Buffett". Harper's. 320 (1916): 27–35. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Warren Buffett





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Warren Buffett.



Berkshire Hathaway official website
The Buffett
Buffett Partnership Letters
"Warren Buffett's Letters to Shareholders". Berkshire Hathaway. 
Berkshire Hathaway SEC 13F Filings
Appearances on C-SPAN
Warren Buffett on Charlie Rose
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The Guardian.  
Works by or about Warren Buffett in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Stempel, Jonathan (February 12, 2008). "FACTBOX: Warren Buffett at a glance". Reuters. 



Honorary titles


Preceded by
Ingvar Kamprad
World's richest person
?–1995
Succeeded by
Bill Gates


Preceded by
Bill Gates
World's richest person
2008–2009








v
t
e


Graham Holdings Company



Corporate staff



Donald E. Graham (COB & CEO)





Kaplan, Inc.



Concord Law School
Dev Bootcamp
Dublin Business School
Kaplan Financial Ltd
Kaplan Law School
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan University
Schweser





Television stations




NBC affiliates



KPRC
WDIV
WSLS





ABC affiliate



KSAT





CBS affiliate



WKMG





CW affiliate



WCWJ





Independent station



WJXT








The Slate Group



Foreign Policy
Panoply Media
Slate












v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category












v
t
e


Buffett family



First generation



Howard H. Buffett

m. Leila Stahl Buffett







Second generation

Doris Buffett

Warren Buffett

m. 1st Susan T. Buffett
m. 2nd Astrid Menks


Roberta Buffett Elliott





Third generation



Children of Warren Buffett
Susan A. Buffett




m. Allen Greenberg




Howard G. Buffett




m. 1st Marcia Sue Duncan
m. 2nd Devon Morse




Peter Buffett




m. 1st Mary Buffet
m. 2nd Jennifer Buffett







Fourth generation



Children of Howard G. Buffett
Howard W. Buffett (m. Lili T. Buffett)


Step-children of Peter Buffett
Nicole Buffett
Erica Buffett





Companies and organizations



Berkshire Hathaway
Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation
Sherwood Foundation
Howard G. Buffett Foundation
NoVo Foundation
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars










Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 121622610
LCCN: n85256764
ISNI: 0000 0001 2149 5004
GND: 119261855
SELIBR: 387113
SUDOC: 050292668
BNF: cb13509178t (data)
NDL: 00722597
NKC: vse2005270947
BNE: XX1306624










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Warren_Buffett&oldid=791386992"					
Categories: 1930 births20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican agnosticsAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican salespeopleAmerican stockbrokersAmerican stock tradersAmerican venture capitalistsBerkshire Hathaway employeesBill & Melinda Gates Foundation peopleBuffett familyBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaBusinesspeople from NebraskaColumbia Business School alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayDirectors of The Coca-Cola CompanyEquity securitiesGiving PledgersGrinnell College peopleLiving peopleNebraska DemocratsPeople with cancerPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsStock and commodity market managersTechnical analystsThe Washington Post peopleUniversity of Nebraska–Lincoln alumniWoodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمازِرونیBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray吴语ייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Warren Buffett - Wikipedia




















 







Warren Buffett

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Warren Buffett



Warren Buffett in 2005



Born
Warren Edward Buffett
(1930-08-30) August 30, 1930 (age 86)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Residence
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Pennsylvania (transferred)
University of Nebraska–Lincoln (B.S.)
Columbia University (M.S.)


Occupation
Investor, business magnate, and philanthropist


Years active
1951–present


Known for
Leadership of Berkshire Hathaway with Charlie Munger


Salary
US$100,000[1]


Net worth
US$73.3 billion (May 2017)


Spouse(s)
Susan Thompson
(m. 1952; her death 2004)
Astrid Menks
(m. 2006)


Children
Susan Alice Buffett
Howard Graham Buffett
Peter Buffett


Parent(s)
Howard Buffett
Leila Stahl Buffett


Relatives
Howard Warren Buffett (grandson)


Signature





Warren Edward Buffett (/ˈbʌfᵻt/; born August 30, 1930)[2] is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world,[3][4] and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $73.3 billion.[5]
Born in Omaha, Buffett developed an interest in business and investing in his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from University of Nebraska–Lincoln at the age of 19. Buffett went on to enroll and graduate from Columbia University where he learned and eventually molded his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham–value investing. He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham. After meeting Charlie Munger, Buffett created the Buffett Partnership. His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970,[6] and his business exploits have had him referred to as the "Wizard", "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media outlets.[7][8] He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.[9]
Buffett is a notable philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent[10] of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2009, with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, Warren founded The Giving Pledge, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.[11]
He is also active in contributing to political causes, having endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election;[12] he has publicly opposed the policies, actions, and statements of the current U.S. president, Donald Trump.[13]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career

2.1 Early business career
2.2 Assuming Berkshire
2.3 As a billionaire
2.4 2007-08 financial crisis
2.5 A capitalized Berkshire


3 Investment philosophy

3.1 Index funds and active management


4 Personal life

4.1 Health


5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 Political and economic views

6.1 Health care
6.2 Taxes
6.3 Trade deficit
6.4 Dollar and gold
6.5 China
6.6 Tobacco
6.7 Coal
6.8 Renewable energy
6.9 Expensing of stock options
6.10 Technology


7 See also
8 Bibliography

8.1 Books about Buffett


9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



Early life and education
Buffett was born in 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the second of three children and the only son of Leila (née Stahl) and Congressman Howard Buffett,[14] Buffett began his education at Rose Hill Elementary School. In 1942, his father was elected to the first of four terms in the United States Congress, and after moving with his family to Washington, D.C., Warren finished elementary school, attended Alice Deal Junior High School and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1947, where his senior yearbook picture reads: "likes math; a future stockbroker."[15] After finishing high school and finding success with his side entrepreneurial and investment ventures, Buffett wanted to skip college to go directly into business, but was overruled by his father.[16][17]
Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. He was inspired by a book he borrowed from the Omaha public library at the age of seven, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000.[18] Much of Buffett's early childhood years were enlivened with entrepreneurial ventures. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school, he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps, and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[19] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in three different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a war veteran.[20]




Investor Benjamin Graham was influential on young Buffett


Buffett's interest in the stock market and investing dated to schoolboy days he spent in the customers' lounge of a regional stock brokerage near his father's own brokerage office. On a trip to New York City at age ten, he made a point to visit the New York Stock Exchange. At 11, he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred for himself, and three for his sister Doris Buffett (founder of The Sunshine Lady Foundation).[21][22][23] At the age of 15, Warren made more than $175 monthly delivering Washington Post newspapers. In high school, he invested in a business owned by his father and bought a 40-acre farm worked by a tenant farmer. He bought the land when he was 14 years old with $1,200 of his savings. By the time he finished college, Buffett had accumulated $9,800 in savings (about $99,000 today).[20][24]
In 1947, Buffett entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He would have preferred to focus on his business ventures; however, he enrolled due to pressure from his father.[20] Warren studied there for two years and joined the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity.[25] He then transferred to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where at 19, he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. After being rejected by Harvard Business School, Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University upon learning that Benjamin Graham taught there. He earned a Master of Science in Economics from Columbia in 1951. After graduating, Buffett attended the New York Institute of Finance.[26]

The basic ideas of investing are to look at stocks as business, use the market's fluctuations to your advantage, and seek a margin of safety. That's what Ben Graham taught us. A hundred years from now they will still be the cornerstones of investing.[27][28][29]
— Warren Buffett

Investment career
For more details on Warren Buffett's time at Berkshire Hathaway, see List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Early business career
Buffett worked from 1951 to 1954 at Buffett-Falk & Co. as an investment salesman; from 1954 to 1956 at Graham-Newman Corp. as a securities analyst; from 1956 to 1969 at Buffett Partnership, Ltd. as a general partner and from 1970, as Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
In April 1952, Buffett discovered that Graham was on the board of GEICO insurance. Taking a train to Washington, D.C. on a Saturday, he knocked on the door of GEICO's headquarters until a janitor admitted him. There he met Lorimer Davidson, Geico's Vice President, and the two discussed the insurance business for hours. Davidson would eventually become Buffett's lifelong friend and a lasting influence,[30] and would later recall that he found Buffett to be an "extraordinary man" after only fifteen minutes. Buffett wanted to work on Wall Street; however, both his father and Ben Graham urged him not to. He offered to work for Graham for free, but Graham refused.[31]
Buffett returned to Omaha and worked as a stockbroker while taking a Dale Carnegie public speaking course.[32] Using what he learned, he felt confident enough to teach an "Investment Principles" night class at the University of Nebraska-Omaha. The average age of his students was more than twice his own. During this time he also purchased a Sinclair Texaco gas station as a side investment. However, this was not successful.[33]
In 1952,[34] Buffett married Susan Thompson at Dundee Presbyterian Church. The next year they had their first child, Susan Alice. In 1954, Buffett accepted a job at Benjamin Graham's partnership. His starting salary was $12,000 a year (about $107,000 today).[24] There he worked closely with Walter Schloss. Graham was a tough boss. He was adamant that stocks provide a wide margin of safety after weighing the trade-off between their price and their intrinsic value. The argument made sense to Buffett but he questioned whether the criteria were too stringent and caused the company to miss out on big winners that had other appealing features.[citation needed] That same year the Buffetts had their second child, Howard Graham. In 1956, Benjamin Graham retired and closed his partnership. At this time Buffett's personal savings were over $174,000 (about $1.53 million today)[24] and he started Buffett Partnership Ltd.




Buffett's home in Omaha, Nebraska


In 1957, Buffett operated three partnerships. He purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for $31,500.[35][36] In 1958 the Buffetts' third child, Peter Andrew, was born. Buffett operated five partnerships that year. In 1959, the company grew to six partnerships and Buffett met future partner Charlie Munger. By 1960, Buffett operated seven partnerships. He asked one of his partners, a doctor, to find ten other doctors willing to invest $10,000 each in his partnership. Eventually eleven agreed, and Buffett pooled their money with a mere $100 original investment of his own. In 1961, Buffett revealed that Sanborn Map Company accounted for 35% of the partnership's assets. He explained that in 1958 Sanborn stock sold at only $45 per share when the value of the Sanborn investment portfolio was $65 per share. This meant that buyers valued Sanborn stock at "minus $20" per share and were unwilling to pay more than 70 cents on the dollar for an investment portfolio with a map business thrown in for nothing which earned him a spot on Sanborn's board.[37]
Assuming Berkshire
In 1962, Buffett became a millionaire because of his partnerships, which in January 1962 had an excess of $7,178,500, of which over $1,025,000 belonged to Buffett. He merged these partnerships into one. Buffett invested in and eventually took control of a textile manufacturing firm, Berkshire Hathaway. He began buying shares in Berkshire from Seabury Stanton, the owner, whom he later fired. Buffett's partnerships began purchasing shares at $7.60 per share. In 1965, when Buffett's partnerships began purchasing Berkshire aggressively, they paid $14.86 per share while the company had working capital of $19 per share. This did not include the value of fixed assets (factory and equipment). Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway at a board meeting and named a new president, Ken Chace, to run the company. In 1966, Buffett closed the partnership to new money. He later claimed that the textile business had been his worst trade.[38] He then moved the business into the insurance sector, and, in 1985, the last of the mills that had been the core business of Berkshire Hathaway was sold. Buffett wrote in his letter: "... unless it appears that circumstances have changed (under some conditions added capital would improve results) or unless new partners can bring some asset to the partnership other than simply capital, I intend to admit no additional partners to BPL."[citation needed]
In a second letter, Buffett announced his first investment in a private business — Hochschild, Kohn and Co, a privately owned Baltimore department store. In 1967, Berkshire paid out its first and only dividend of 10 cents.[39] In 1969, following his most successful year, Buffett liquidated the partnership and transferred their assets to his partners. Among the assets paid out were shares of Berkshire Hathaway. In 1970, Buffett began writing his now-famous annual letters to shareholders. However, he lived solely on his salary of $50,000 per year and his outside investment income. In 1979, Berkshire began the year trading at $775 per share, and ended at $1,310. Buffett's net worth reached $620 million.[citation needed]
In 1973, Berkshire began to acquire stock in the Washington Post Company. Buffett became close friends with Katharine Graham, who controlled the company and its flagship newspaper, and joined its board. In 1974, the SEC opened a formal investigation into Buffett and Berkshire's acquisition of Wesco Financial, due to possible conflict of interest. No charges were brought. In 1977, Berkshire indirectly purchased the Buffalo Evening News for $32.5 million. Antitrust charges started, instigated by its rival, the Buffalo Courier-Express. Both papers lost money, until the Courier-Express folded in 1982.
In 1979, Berkshire began to acquire stock in ABC. Capital Cities announced a $3.5 billion purchase of ABC on March 18, 1985 surprising the media industry, as ABC was four times bigger than Capital Cities at the time. Buffett helped finance the deal in return for a 25% stake in the combined company.[40] The newly merged company, known as Capital Cities/ABC (or CapCities/ABC), was forced to sell some stations due to U.S. Federal Communications Commission ownership rules. The two companies also owned several radio stations in the same markets.[41]
In 1987, Berkshire Hathaway purchased a 12% stake in Salomon Inc., making it the largest shareholder and Buffett a director. In 1990, a scandal involving John Gutfreund (former CEO of Salomon Brothers) surfaced. A rogue trader, Paul Mozer, was submitting bids in excess of what was allowed by Treasury rules. When this was brought to Gutfreund's attention, he did not immediately suspend the rogue trader. Gutfreund left the company in August 1991.[42] Buffett became Chairman of Salomon until the crisis passed.[43]
In 1988, Buffett began buying The Coca-Cola Company stock, eventually purchasing up to 7% of the company for $1.02 billion.[44] It would turn out to be one of Berkshire's most lucrative investments, and one which it still holds.[citation needed]
As a billionaire
Buffett became a paper billionaire when Berkshire Hathaway began selling class A shares on May 29, 1990, with the market closing at US$7,175 a share.[45] In 1998 he acquired General Re (Gen Re) as a subsidiary in a deal that presented difficulties—according to the Rational Walk investment website, "underwriting standards proved to be inadequate," while a "problematic derivatives book" was resolved after numerous years and a significant loss.[46] Gen Re later provided reinsurance after Buffett became involved with Maurice R. Greenberg at AIG in 2002.[47]




Buffett meets with President Barack Obama at the White House in July 2011


During a 2005 investigation of an accounting fraud case involving AIG, Gen Re executives became implicated. On March 15, 2005, the AIG board forced Greenberg to resign from his post as Chairman and CEO after New York state regulators claimed that AIG had engaged in questionable transactions and improper accounting.[48] On February 9, 2006, AIG agreed to pay a US$1.6 billion fine.[49] In 2010 the U.S. government agreed to a US$92 million settlement with Gen Re, allowing the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary to avoid prosecution in the AIG case. Gen Re also made a commitment to implement "corporate governance concessions," which required Berkshire Hathaway’s Chief Financial Officer to attend General Re’s audit committee meetings and mandated the appointment of an independent director.[46]
In 2002, Buffett entered in US$11 billion worth of forward contracts to deliver U.S. dollars against other currencies. By April 2006, his total gain on these contracts was over US$2 billion. In 2006, Buffett announced in June that he gradually would give away 85% of his Berkshire holdings to five foundations in annual gifts of stock, starting in July 2006—the largest contribution would go to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.[50]
In 2007, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett announced that he was looking for a younger successor, or perhaps successors, to run his investment business.[51] Buffett had previously selected Lou Simpson, who runs investments at Geico, to fill the role; however, Simpson is only six years younger than Buffett.[citation needed]
2007-08 financial crisis
Buffett ran into criticism during the subprime crisis of 2007–2008, part of the recession that started in 2007, that he had allocated capital too early resulting in suboptimal deals.[52] "Buy American. I am." he wrote for an opinion piece published in the New York Times in 2008.[53] Buffett called the downturn in the financial sector that started in 2007 "poetic justice".[54] Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway suffered a 77% drop in earnings during Q3 2008 and several of his later deals suffered large mark-to-market losses.[55]
Berkshire Hathaway acquired 10% perpetual preferred stock of Goldman Sachs.[56] Some of Buffett's put options (European exercise at expiry only) that he wrote (sold) were running at around $6.73 billion mark-to-market losses as of late 2008.[57] The scale of the potential loss prompted the SEC to demand that Berkshire produce, "a more robust disclosure" of factors used to value the contracts.[57] Buffett also helped Dow Chemical pay for its $18.8 billion takeover of Rohm & Haas. He thus became the single largest shareholder in the enlarged group with his Berkshire Hathaway, which provided $3 billion, underlining his instrumental role during the crisis in debt and equity markets.[58]
In 2008, Buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion[59] by Forbes and at $58 billion[60] by Yahoo, overtaking Bill Gates, who had been number one on the Forbes list for 13 consecutive years.[61] In 2009, Gates regained the top position on the Forbes list, with Buffett shifted to second place. Both of the men's values dropped, to $40 billion and $37 billion respectively—according to Forbes, Buffett lost $25 billion over a 12-month period during 2008/2009.[62]
In October 2008, the media reported that Buffett had agreed to buy General Electric (GE) preferred stock.[63] The operation included special incentives: He received an option to buy three billion shares of GE stock, at $22.25, over the five years following the agreement, and Buffett also received a 10% dividend (callable within three years). In February 2009, Buffett sold some Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson shares from his personal portfolio.[64]
In addition to suggestions of mistiming, the wisdom in keeping some of Berkshire's major holdings, including The Coca-Cola Company, which in 1998 peaked at $86, raised questions. Buffett discussed the difficulties of knowing when to sell in the company's 2004 annual report:

That may seem easy to do when one looks through an always-clean, rear-view mirror. Unfortunately, however, it's the windshield through which investors must peer, and that glass is invariably fogged.[65]

In March 2009, Buffett said in a cable television interview that the economy had "fallen off a cliff ... Not only has the economy slowed down a lot, but people have really changed their habits like I haven't seen". Additionally, Buffett feared that inflation levels that occurred in the 1970s—which led to years of painful stagflation—might re-emerge.[66][67]
A capitalized Berkshire




Buffett in 2015 at his annual Berkshire Shareholders Meeting


On August 14, 2014, the price of Berkshire Hathaway's shares hit US$200,000 a share for the first time, capitalizing the company at US$328 billion. While Buffett had given away much of his stock to charities by this time, he still held 321,000 shares worth US$64.2 billion. On August 20, 2014, Berkshire Hathaway was fined $896,000 for failing to report December 9, 2013 purchase of shares in USG Corporation as required.[68]
In 2009, Buffett invested $2.6 billion as a part of Swiss Re's campaign to raise equity capital.[69][70] Berkshire Hathaway already owned a 3% stake, with rights to own more than 20%.[71] Also in 2009, Buffett acquired Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp. for $34 billion in cash and stock. Alice Schroeder, author of Snowball, said that a key reason for the purchase was to diversify Berkshire Hathaway from the financial industry.[72] Measured by market capitalization in the Financial Times Global 500, Berkshire Hathaway was the eighteenth largest corporation in the world as of June 2009.[73]
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors,

I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.[74]

The merger with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) closed upon BNSF shareholder approval in 1Q2010. This deal was valued at approximately $34 billion and represented an increase of the previously existing stake of 22%.[citation needed]
In June 2010, Buffett defended the credit-rating agencies for their role in the US financial crisis, claiming:

Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble. That's the nature of bubbles – they're mass delusions.[75]

On March 18, 2011, Goldman Sachs was given Federal Reserve approval to buy back Berkshire's preferred stock in Goldman. Buffett had been reluctant to give up the stock, which averaged $1.4 million in dividends per day,[76][77] saying:

I'm going to be the Osama bin Laden of capitalism. I'm on my way to an unknown destination in Asia where I'm going to look for a cave. If the U.S. Armed forces can't find Osama bin Laden in 10 years, let Goldman Sachs try to find me.[78]

In November 2011, it was announced that over the course of the previous eight months, Buffett had bought 64 million shares of International Business Machine Corp (IBM) stock, worth around $11 billion. This unanticipated investment raised his stake in the company to around 5.5 percent—the largest stake in IBM alongside that of State Street Global Advisors. Buffett had said on numerous prior occasions that he would not invest in technology because he did not fully understand it, so the move came as a surprise to many investors and observers. During the interview, in which he revealed the investment to the public, Buffett stated that he was impressed by the company's ability to retain corporate clients and said, "I don't know of any large company that really has been as specific on what they intend to do and how they intend to do it as IBM."[79]

External video




 Testing Mattresses with Warren Buffett, 3:24, gatesnotes[80]



In May 2012, Buffett's acquisition of Media General, consisting of 63 newspapers in the south-eastern U.S., was announced.[81] The company was the second news print purchase made by Buffett in one year.[82]
Interim publisher James W. Hopson announced on July 18, 2013 that the Press of Atlantic City would be sold to Buffett’s BH Media Group by ABARTA, a private holding company based in Pittsburgh, U.S. At the Berkshire shareholders meeting in May 2013, Buffett explained that he did not expect to "move the needle" at Berkshire with newspaper acquisitions, but he anticipates an annual return of 10 percent. The Press of Atlantic City became Berkshire's 30th daily newspaper, following other purchases such as Virginia, U.S.' Roanoke Times and The Tulsa World in Oklahoma, U.S.[83]
During a presentation to Georgetown University students in Washington, D.C. in late September 2013, Buffett compared the U.S. Federal Reserve to a hedge fund and stated that the bank is generating "$80 billion or $90 billion a year probably" in revenue for the U.S. government. Buffett also advocated further on the issue of wealth equality in society:

We have learned to turn out lots of goods and services, but we haven’t learned as well how to have everybody share in the bounty. The obligation of a society as prosperous as ours is to figure out how nobody gets left too far behind.[84]

After the difficulties of the economic crisis, Buffett managed to bring its company back to its pre-recession standards: in Q2 2014, Berkshire Hathaway made $6.4 billion in net profit, the most it had ever made in a three-month period.[85]
Investment philosophy
Warren Buffett's writings include his annual reports and various articles. Buffett is recognized by communicators[86] as a great story-teller, as evidenced by his annual letters to shareholders. He warned about the pernicious effects of inflation:[87]

The arithmetic makes it plain that inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislatures. The inflation tax has a fantastic ability to simply consume capital. It makes no difference to a widow with her savings in a 5 percent passbook account whether she pays 100 percent income tax on her interest income during a period of zero inflation, or pays no income taxes during years of 5 percent inflation.
— Buffett, Fortune (1977)

In his article "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", Buffett rebutted the academic efficient-market hypothesis, that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance", by highlighting the results achieved by a number of students of the Graham and Dodd value investing school of thought. In addition to himself, Buffett named Walter J. Schloss, Tom Knapp, Ed Anderson (Tweedy, Browne LLC), William J. Ruane (Sequoia Fund, Inc.), Charles Munger (Buffett's own business partner at Berkshire), Rick Guerin (Pacific Partners, Ltd.), and Stan Perlmeter (Perlmeter Investments).[88] In his November 1999 Fortune article, he warned of investors' unrealistic expectations:[89]

Let me summarize what I've been saying about the stock market: I think it's very hard to come up with a persuasive case that equities will over the next 17 years perform anything like—anything like—they've performed in the past 17. If I had to pick the most probable return, from appreciation and dividends combined, that investors in aggregate—repeat, aggregate—would earn in a world of constant interest rates, 2% inflation, and those ever hurtful frictional costs, it would be 6%!
— Buffett, Fortune (1999)

Index funds and active management
Towards his later life, particularly following the global financial crisis of 2007-8, Buffett became an increasingly vocal critic of active management, i.e., mutual funds and hedge funds. Buffett is skeptical that active management and stock-picking can outperform the market in the long run, and has advised both individual and institutional investors to move their money to low-cost index funds that track broad, diversified stock market indices. Buffett said in one of his letters to shareholders that "when trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients."[90] In 2007, Buffett made a bet with numerous managers that a simple S&P 500 index fund will outperform hedge funds that charge exorbitant fees. By 2017, the index fund was outperforming every hedge fund that had made the bet against Buffett by a significant margin.[90]
Personal life




Buffett with Gary Green in 2010


In 1949, Buffett was infatuated with a young woman whose current boyfriend had a ukulele. In an attempt to compete, he bought one of the diminutive instruments and has been playing it ever since. Though the attempt was unsuccessful, his music interest was a key part of his becoming a part of Susan Thompson's life and led to their marriage. Buffett often plays the instrument at stock holder meetings and other opportunities. His love of the instrument led to the commissioning of two custom Dairy Queen ukuleles by Dave Talsma, one of which was auctioned for charity.[91]
Buffett married Susan Buffett (née Thompson) in 1952. They had three children, Susie, Howard and Peter. The couple began living separately in 1977, although they remained married until Susan Buffett's death in July 2004. Their daughter, Susie, lives in Omaha, is a national board member of Girls, Inc., and does charitable work through the Susan A. Buffett Foundation.[citation needed]
In 2006, on his 76th birthday, Buffett married his longtime companion, Astrid Menks, who was then 60 years old—she had lived with him since his wife's departure to San Francisco in 1977.[92][93] Susan had arranged for the two to meet before she left Omaha to pursue her singing career. All three were close and Christmas cards to friends were signed "Warren, Susie and Astrid".[94] Susan briefly discussed this relationship in an interview on the Charlie Rose Show shortly before her death, in a rare glimpse into Buffett's personal life.[95]
Buffett disowned his son Peter's adopted daughter, Nicole, in 2006 after she participated in the Jamie Johnson documentary The One Percent about the growing economic inequality between the wealthy and the average citizen in the United States. Although his first wife referred to Nicole as one of her "adored grandchildren",[96] Buffett wrote her a letter stating, "I have not emotionally or legally adopted you as a grandchild, nor have the rest of my family adopted you as a niece or a cousin."[97][98][99]
His 2006 annual salary was about US$100,000, which is small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.[100] In 2008, he earned a total compensation of $175,000, which included a base salary of just $100,000.[101] He continued to live in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, a fraction of today's value. He also owns a $4 million house in Laguna Beach, California.[102] In 1989, after spending nearly $6.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet, Buffett named it "The Indefensible". This act was a break from his past condemnation of extravagant purchases by other CEOs and his history of using more public transportation.[103]


“
Bridge is such a sensational game that I wouldn't mind being in jail if I had three cellmates who were decent players and who were willing to keep the game going twenty-four hours a day.
”


— Buffett on bridge[104]


Buffett is an avid bridge player, which he plays with fellow fan Gates[105]—he allegedly spends 12 hours a week playing the game.[106] In 2006, he sponsored a bridge match for the Buffett Cup. Modeled on the Ryder Cup in golf—held immediately before it in the same city—the teams are chosen by invitation, with a female team and five male teams provided by each country.[107]
He is a dedicated, lifelong follower of Nebraska football, and attends as many games as his schedule permits. He supported the hire of Bo Pelini, following the 2007 season, stating, "It was getting kind of desperate around here".[108] He watched the 2009 game against Oklahoma from the Nebraska sideline, after being named an honorary assistant coach.[109]
Buffett worked with Christopher Webber on an animated series called "Secret Millionaires Club" with chief Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment. The series features Buffett and Munger, and teaches children healthy financial habits.[110][111]
Buffett was raised as a Presbyterian, but has since described himself as agnostic.[112] In December 2006, it was reported that Buffett does not carry a mobile phone, does not have a computer at his desk, and drives his own automobile,[113] a Cadillac DTS.[114] In 2013 he had an old Nokia flip phone and had sent one email in his entire life.[115] Buffett reads five newspapers every day, beginning with the Omaha World Herald, which his company acquired in 2011.
A September 2014 Fast Company article featured Buffett's “avoid at all cost” practice, used to prioritize personal goals. Buffett advises people to first create a list of the top 25 accomplishments that they would like to complete over the next few years of their life, and to then pick the five most-important list items. Buffett stated that people need to “avoid at all cost” the initial, longer list, as it would hinder the achievement of the top-five.[116]
Buffett's speeches are known for mixing business discussions with humor. Each year, Buffett presides over Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska, an event drawing over 20,000 visitors from both United States and abroad, giving it the nickname "Woodstock of Capitalism". Berkshire's annual reports and letters to shareholders, prepared by Buffett, frequently receive coverage by the financial media. Buffett's writings are known for containing quotations from sources as varied as the Bible and Mae West,[117] as well as advice in a folksy Midwestern style and numerous jokes.
In April 2017 Buffett (an avid Coca-Cola drinker and investor in said company) agreed to have his likeness placed on cherry coke products in China. Buffett was not compensated for this advertisement.[118][119]
Health
On April 11, 2012, Buffett was diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer during a routine test.[120] He announced he would begin two months of daily radiation treatment from mid-July; however, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett said he felt "great - as if I were in my normal excellent health - and my energy level is 100 percent". On September 15, 2012, Buffett announced that he had completed the full 44-day radiation treatment cycle, saying "it's a great day for me" and "I am so glad to say that's over".[121]
Wealth and philanthropy




Buffett, Kathy Ireland and Bill Gates at the 2015 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting


In 2008 he was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of approximately US$62 billion.[122] In 2009, after donating billions of dollars to charity, Buffett was ranked as the second richest man in the United States with a net worth of US$37 billion[123][124] with only Bill Gates ranked higher than Buffett. His net worth had risen to $58.5 billion as of September 2013.[125]
In 1999, Buffett was named the top money manager of the Twentieth Century in a survey by the Carson Group, ahead of Peter Lynch and John Templeton.[126] In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in the world.[127] In 2011, President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.[128] Most recently, Buffett, along with Bill Gates, was named the most influential global thinker in Foreign Policy's 2010 report.[129]
Buffett has written several times of his belief that, in a market economy, the rich earn outsized rewards for their talents.[130] His children will not inherit a significant proportion of his wealth. He once commented, "I want to give my kids just enough so that they would feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they would feel like doing nothing".[131]
Buffett had long stated his intention to give away his fortune to charity, and in June 2006, he announced a new plan to give 83% of it to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.[132] He pledged about the equivalent of 10 million Berkshire Hathaway Class B shares to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (worth approximately US$30.7 billion as of June 23, 2006),[133] making it the largest charitable donation in history, and Buffett one of the leaders of philanthrocapitalism.[134] The foundation will receive 5% of the total each July, beginning in 2006. (The pledge is conditional upon the foundation's giving away each year, beginning in 2009, an amount that is at least equal to the value of the entire previous year's gift from Buffett, in addition to 5% of the foundation's net assets.) Buffett joined the Gates Foundation's board, but did not plan to be actively involved in the foundation's investments.[135][136]
This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.[137] The bulk of the estate of his wife, valued at $2.6 billion, went there when she died in 2004.[138] He also pledged $50 million to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in Washington, where he began serving as an adviser in 2002.[139]
In 2006, he auctioned his 2001 Lincoln Town Car[140] on eBay to raise money for Girls, Inc.[141] In 2007, he auctioned a luncheon with himself that raised a final bid of $650,100 for the Glide Foundation.[142] Later auctions raised $2,110,100,[143][144] $1.68 million[145] and $3,456,789. The winners traditionally dine with Buffett at New York's Smith and Wollensky steak house. The restaurant donates at least $10,000 to Glide each year to host the meal.[146]
On December 9, 2010, Buffett, Bill Gates, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg signed a promise they called the "Gates-Buffett Giving Pledge", in which they promise to donate to charity at least half of their wealth, and invite other wealthy people to follow suit.[11][147]
Political and economic views




Buffett and President Obama in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010


In addition to political contributions over the years, Buffett endorsed and made campaign contributions to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. On July 2, 2008, Buffett attended a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Obama's campaign in Chicago.[148] Buffett intimated that John McCain's views on social justice were so far from his own that McCain would need a "lobotomy" for Buffett to change his endorsement.[149] During the second 2008 U.S. presidential debate, McCain and Obama, after being asked first by presidential debate mediator Tom Brokaw, both mentioned Buffett as a possible future Secretary of the Treasury.[150] Later, in the third and final presidential debate, Obama mentioned Buffett as a potential economic advisor.[151] Buffett was also finance advisor to California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger during his 2003 election campaign.[152]
On December 16, 2015, Buffett endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president.[12] On August 1, 2016, Buffett challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns.[153][154] On October 10, 2016, after another reference to him in the 2nd 2016 presidential debate, Buffett released his own tax return.[155][156] He said he had paid $1.85 million in federal income taxes in 2015 on an adjusted gross income of $11.6 million, meaning he had an effective federal income tax rate of around 16 percent. Buffett also said he had made more than $2.8 billion worth of donations last year.[156] Buffett said, "I have been audited by the IRS multiple times and am currently being audited. I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump -- at least he would have no legal problem." This was a measured response to Trump saying he was unable to release his tax information due to being under audit.[156]
Health care
Buffett described the health care reform under President Barack Obama as insufficient to deal with the costs of health care in the US, though he supports its aim of expanding health insurance coverage.[157] Buffett compared health care costs to a tapeworm, saying that they compromise US economic competitiveness by increasing manufacturing costs.[157] Buffett thinks health care costs should head towards 13 to 14% of GDP.[158] (Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the CMS actuary has projected health care costs will reach almost 20% of GDP by 2020.)[159] Buffett said "If you want the very best, I mean if you want to spend a million dollars to prolong your life 3 months in a coma or something then the US is probably the best", but he also said that other countries spend much less and receive much more in health care value (visits, hospital beds, doctors and nurses per capita).[160]
Buffett faults the incentives in the United States medical industry, that payers reimburse doctors for procedures (fee-for-service) leading to unnecessary care (overutilization), instead of paying for results.[161] He cited Atul Gawande's 2009 article in the New Yorker[162] as a useful consideration of US health care, with its documentation of unwarranted variation in Medicare expenditures between McAllen, Texas and El Paso, Texas.[161] Buffett raised the problem of lobbying by the medical industry, saying that they are very focused on maintaining their income.[163]


Play media


President Obama announcing the "Buffett Rule"


Taxes
See also: Buffett Rule
Buffett stated that he only paid 19% of his income for 2006 ($48.1 million) in total federal taxes (due to their source as dividends and capital gains, although the figure excluded the taxes on that income paid by the corporations that provided it), while his employees paid 33% of theirs, despite making much less money.[164] “How can this be fair?” Buffett asked, regarding how little he pays in taxes compared to his employees. "How can this be right?" He also added, "There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."[165][166] After Donald Trump accused him of taking "massive deductions," Buffett countered, "I have copies of all 72 of my returns and none uses a carryforward."[167]
Buffett favors the inheritance tax, saying that repealing it would be like "choosing the 2020 Olympic team by picking the eldest sons of the gold-medal winners in the 2000 Olympics".[168] In 2007, Buffett testified before the Senate and urged them to preserve the estate tax so as to avoid a plutocracy.[169] Some critics argued that Buffett (through Berkshire Hathaway) has a personal interest in the continuation of the estate tax, since Berkshire Hathaway benefited from the estate tax in past business dealings and had developed and marketed insurance policies to protect policy holders against future estate tax payments.[170] Buffett believes government should not be in the business of gambling, or legalizing casinos, calling it a tax on ignorance.[171]
Trade deficit
Buffett viewed the United States' expanding trade deficit as a trend that will devalue the US dollar and US assets. He predicted that the US dollar will lose value in the long run, as a result of putting a larger portion of ownership of US assets in the hands of foreigners. In his letter to shareholders in March 2005, he predicted that in another ten years' time the net ownership of the U.S. by outsiders would amount to $11 trillion.

Americans ... would chafe at the idea of perpetually paying tribute to their creditors and owners abroad. A country that is now aspiring to an 'ownership society' will not find happiness in – and I'll use hyperbole here for emphasis – a 'sharecropping society’.

Dollar and gold
The trade deficit induced Buffett to enter the foreign currency market for the first time in 2002. He substantially reduced his stake in 2005 as changing interest rates increased the costs of holding currency contracts. Buffett remained bearish on the dollar, stating that he was looking to acquire companies with substantial foreign revenues. Buffett emphasized the non-productive aspect of a gold standard for the United States dollar in 1998 at Harvard:

It gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.

In 1977, about stocks, gold, farmland and inflation, he stated:

Stocks are probably still the best of all the poor alternatives in an era of inflation – at least they are if you buy in at appropriate prices.[172]

China
Buffett invested in PetroChina Company Limited and in a rare move, posted a commentary[173] on Berkshire Hathaway's website stating why he would not divest over its connection with the Sudanese civil war that caused Harvard to divest. He sold this stake soon afterwards, sparing him the billions of dollars he would have lost had he held on to the company in the midst of the steep drop in oil prices beginning in the summer of 2008.
In October 2008, Buffett invested $230 million for 10% of battery maker BYD Company (SEHK: 1211), which runs a subsidiary of electric automobile manufacturer BYD Auto. In less than one year, the investment reaped over 500% return.[174]
Tobacco
During the RJR Nabisco, Inc. hostile takeover fight in 1987, Buffett was quoted as telling John Gutfreund:[175]

I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.
— Buffett, quoted in Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco

Speaking at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 1994 annual meeting, Buffett said investments in tobacco are:[176]

fraught with questions that relate to societal attitudes and those of the present administration. I would not like to have a significant percentage of my net worth invested in tobacco businesses. The economy of the business may be fine, but that doesn't mean it has a bright future.
— Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting

Coal
In 2007, Buffett's PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of his MidAmerican Energy Company, canceled six proposed coal-fired power plants. These included Utah's Intermountain Power Project Unit 3, Jim Bridger Unit 5, and four proposed plants previously included in PacifiCorp's Integrated Resource Plan. The cancellations came in the wake of pressure from regulators and citizen groups.[177]
Renewable energy
American Indian tribes and salmon fishermen sought to win support from Buffett for a proposal to remove four hydroelectric dams from the Klamath River. David Sokol responded on Buffett's behalf, stating that the FERC would decide the question.[178][179]
In December 2011, Buffett's MidAmerican Energy Holdings agreed to buy a $2 billion solar energy project under development in California and a 49 percent stake in a $1.8 billion plant in Arizona, his first investments in solar power. He already owned wind farms.[180]
Expensing of stock options
He has been a strong proponent of stock option expensing on corporate Income Statements. At the 2004 annual meeting, he lambasted a bill before the United States Congress that would consider only some company-issued stock options compensation as an expense, likening the bill to one that was almost passed by the Indiana House of Representatives to change the value of Pi from 3.14159 to 3.2 through legislative fiat.[181]

When a company gives something of value to its employees in return for their services, it is clearly a compensation expense. And if expenses don't belong in the earnings statement, where in the world do they belong?[182]

Technology
In May 2012, Buffett said he had avoided buying stock in new social media companies such as Facebook and Google because it is hard to estimate future value. He also stated that initial public offering (IPO) of stock are almost always bad investments. Investors should be looking to companies that will have good value in ten years.[183]
See also

List of University of Nebraska-Lincoln people
List of Columbia University alumni
List of University of Pennsylvania people

Bibliography
Books about Buffett
In October 2008, USA Today reported at least 47 books were in print with Buffett's name in the title. The article quoted the CEO of Borders Books, George Jones, as saying that the only other living persons named in as many book titles were U.S. presidents, world political figures and the Dalai Lama.[184] Buffett said that his own personal favorite is a collection of his essays called The Essays of Warren Buffett,[185] which he described as "a coherent rearrangement of ideas from my annual report letters".[184]
Books or publications by Buffett:

The Essays of Warren Buffett : Lessons for Corporate America, Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; revised edition (April 11, 2001), ISBN 978-0-9664461-1-1
The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition, Warren E. Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; 2nd edition (April 14, 2008), ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8

Some best-selling, or otherwise notable, books about Buffett:

Carol J. Loomis, Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything, 1966-2012: A Fortune Magazine Book.
Preston Pysh, Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books.[186] (An interactive book that references http://www.buffettsbooks.com for online videos)[184]
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett, Making of an American Capitalist
Robert Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way.[184][187]
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life.[188] (Written with Buffett's cooperation.)[189]
Mary Buffett and David Clark, Buffettology[190] and four subsequent books. (Combined sales of more than 1.5 million copies.)[184]
Janet Lowe, Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor.[191]
John Train, The Midas Touch: The Strategies That Have Made Warren Buffett 'America's Preeminent Investor'.[192]
Andrew Kilpatrick, Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.[193] (The longest of the books about Buffett, with 330 chapters, 1,874 pages and 1,400 photos, weighing 10.2 pounds.)[184]
Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
John P. Reese, "The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies".[194] (Includes step-by-step stock-picking method based on Buffett's approach)
Janet M. Tavakoli, Dear Mr. Buffett: what an investor learns 1,269 miles from Wall Street, John Wiley and Sons, 2008, ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6[195]
Vahan Janjigian, Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can—and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor[196]

References


^ "Warren E Buffett, CEO Compensation". Forbes. March 30, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "Warren Buffett Biography (1930–)". Biography.com (FYI / A&E Networks). Retrieved January 28, 2016. 
^ "Ten great investors". Incademy Investor Education. Harriman House Ltd. Archived from the original on November 20, 2015. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ Farrington, Robert. "The top 10 investors of all time". The College Investor. The College Investor, LLC. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved 11 May 2017. 
^ "The Greatest Investors: Warren Buffett". Investopedia.com. Retrieved March 6, 2009. 
^ Markels, Alex (July 29, 2007). "How to Make Money the Buffett Way". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. 
^ Sullivan, Aline (December 20, 1997). "Buffett, the Sage of Omaha, Makes Value Strategy Seem Simple: Secrets of a High Plains Investor". International Herald Tribune. 
^ Gogoi, Pallavi (May 8, 2007). "What Warren Buffett might buy". MSNBC. Retrieved May 9, 2007. 
^ Buffett, Warren (June 16, 2010). "My philanthropic pledge". CNN. 
^ a b "US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ a b Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy December 16, 2015
^ PBS NewsHour (June 26, 2017). "America should stand for more than just wealth, says Warren Buffett" – via YouTube. 
^ Blair, Elliot (January 29, 2004). "Nebraska family clashes over love, money and death". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett's High School Yearbook Totally Nailed What He Would Be When He Grew Up". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-05-15. 
^ Robert G. Hagstrom. "The Warren Buffett Way". Wiley Publishers. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert (2001). The Essential Buffett: Timeless Principles for the New Economy. Wiley. p. 24. 
^ Levere, Jane (January 30, 2017). "New HBO Documentary On Warren Buffett Uses Family Photos, Home Movies To Reveal His Life Story". Forbes. Retrieved July 7, 2017. A voracious reader his entire life, at age seven he read a book he borrowed from the library, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000, and, inspired by its lessons, began selling Coca-Cola, gum and newspapers. 
^ "Buffett 'becomes world's richest'". BBC. March 6, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ a b c "Warren Buffett Timeline". About Money. Retrieved April 30, 2015. 
^ "Doris Buffett works one-on-one to help with billionaire brother's charity, May 27, 2014". csmonitor.com. Retrieved January 4, 2015. 
^ "Special Feature, April 29, 1999: Berkshire and Buffett". Fool.com. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. p. 26. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
^ a b c Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Community Development Project. "Consumer Price Index (estimate) 1800–". Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Retrieved January 2, 2017. 
^ [1], The Daily Pennsylvanian.
^ "History". www.warrenbuffett.com. Retrieved 2016-12-13. 
^ Hagstrom 2005, p. 14 Warren Buffett is now the richest man in the world with $65 billion. GE Raises $15 billion; Buffett Gets Preferred Stake (Update3)
^ Heath, Jason (April 24, 2012). "What Warren Buffett’s cancer diagnosis can teach investors". Financial Post. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Cabot Heritage Corporation (January 15, 2013). "Who is Warren Buffett? - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. p. 43. ISBN 0-385-48491-7. 
^ "Lecture at the University of Florida School of Business – Transcript (PDF document)" (PDF). Intelligent Investor. October 15, 1998. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ ""Person to Person": Warren Buffett". CBS News. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2008). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell. p. 169. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Schudel, Matt (July 30, 2004). "Susan T. Buffett, 72, Dies; Wife of Billionaire Investor". The Washington Post. p. B06. Retrieved July 13, 2009. 
^ "Billionaire Houses". Retrieved October 20, 2016. 
^ Poppick, Susie (May 1, 2016). "This Is How Much It Costs to Live Next Door to Warren Buffett". Time. Retrieved October 1, 2016. 
^ "The Evolution of Warren Buffett's Career from 1936 to 2013". The Value Investing Blog of Old School Value. 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2017-02-04. 
^ Buffett's Worst Trade. CNBC. October 18, 2010. 
^ Graham Kenny (3 August 2009). Diversification Strategy: How to Grow a Business by Diversifying Successfully. Kogan Page Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 978-0-7494-5833-1. 
^ Kleinfield, N.R. "ABC is being sold for $3.5 billion; 1st network sale". The New York Times, March 19, 1985.
^ "FCC approval of Capcities/ABC deal likely". Broadcasting, March 25, 1985.
^ "Inaction Can be as Dangerous as Bad Action, Aly Gonenne, Class of 2004, Duke Leadership Development Initiative". Mbaa.fuqua.duke.edu. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Redirecting Archived March 8, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Learn About the Life and Business of Billionaire, Warren Buffett". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-03-03. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway Inc. historical prices". Google Finance. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ a b "General Re Settlement in AIG Case Closes Difficult Chapter". The Rational Walk. The Rational Walk. January 21, 2010. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Warren E. Buffett (February 21, 2003). "Berkshire’s Corporate Performance vs. the S&P 500" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Diane Brady, Marcia Vickers, Mike McNamee (April 10, 2005). "AIG: What Went Wrong". Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved August 16, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "AIG to Pay $800 Million to Settle Securities Fraud Charges by SEC; Over $1.6 billion to be Paid to Resolve Federal and New York State Actions". Securities and Exchange Commission. February 9, 2006. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. 
^ "HELP WANTED: Warren Buffett Replacement". ABC News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Crippen, Alex. "WSJ to Warren Buffett: "Time to Get a New Crystal Ball"". CNBC. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (October 16, 2008). "Buy American. I am.". The New York Times. Retrieved December 25, 2012. 
^ Dabrowski, Wojtek (February 7, 2008). "Buffett: Bank woes are "poetic justice"". Reuters. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Even Buffett Can't Escape Markets, Storms; Berkshire Profit Falls 77%". Insurance Journal. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ Press Release. "Berkshire Hathaway to Invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs". Goldman Sachs. Archived from the original on December 20, 2008. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (November 24, 2008). "Buffett to disclose more on derivatives". Reuters. Retrieved November 27, 2008. 
^ Fontanella, James (July 11, 2008). "ftalphaville.ft.com, Buffett helps Dow pay $19bn for R&H". Financial Times. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "#1 Warren Buffett". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Buffett overtakes Gates to top new Forbes list". Reuters. October 10, 2008. Archived from the original on October 14, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "#2 Warren Buffett – The World's Billionaires 2009". Forbes. February 13, 2009. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Clark, Andrew (October 1, 2008). "Warren Buffett to buy $3bn of General Electric preferred stock". The Guardian. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway unloads J&J and P&G". Financial Express. February 17, 2009. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Schroeder, Alice The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life ISBN 0-553-80509-6 Bantam Sept 2008
^ Josh Funk, "Buffett says nation will face higher unemployment", AP on Seattle Times, March 9, 2009. Retrieved November 28, 2010.
^ "Buffett: The economy has 'fallen off a cliff'", MSN.com, March 9, 2009 . Retrieved April 3, 2009.
^ Stempel, Jonathan (August 20, 2014) UPDATE 3-U.S. fines Berkshire over stock deal, Buffett admits mistake. Reuters.com. Retrieved August 21, 2014.
^ Lionel Laurent (February 5, 2009). "Buffett Sinks Billions Into Swiss Re". Forbes. 
^ Jolly, David (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re Gets $2.6 billion From Berkshire Hathaway". The New York Times. 
^ Haig Simonian, Francesco Guerrera (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re turns to Buffett for new funding". The Financial Times. 
^ "Alice Schroeder on Buffett and BNI; Which Company Will Berkshire Hathaway Acquire Next?". GuruFocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ FTGlobal500.pdf June 2009,FT.com
^ "Warren Buffett’s Multi-Billion Mistake with ConocoPhillips (COP)". Gurufocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Credit rating agencies not to blame for crisis says Buffett". Insideireland.ie. June 3, 2010. Archived from the original on August 2, 2012. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Berkshire Will Not Exercise Goldman Sachs Warrants Immediately". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Harper, Christine (March 18, 2011). "Goldman Sachs to Pay $5.65 billion to Redeem Buffett’s Stake". Business Week. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Where Will Warren Buffett Hide From Goldman Sachs?". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ "Buffett sheds tech aversion with big IBM investment". Reuters. November 14, 2011. 
^ "Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs". MarketWatch. Dow Jones & Company. June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 9, 2017. 
^ "Warren Buffett invests in Media General newspapers". BBC News. May 17, 2012. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (May 17, 2012). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys Media General newspaper group". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Crippen, Alex (July 18, 2013). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bets on Atlantic City". CNBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ Buhayar, Noah (September 20, 2013). "Buffett Calls Federal Reserve History’s Greatest Hedge Fund". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ "Warren Buffett’s firm just made the most money ever in a single quarter". August 2, 2014. 
^ Lou Hoffman, The Hoffman Agency. "Startup lessons learned from Warren Buffett." April 13, 2010. Retrieved, April 16, 2010.
^ How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor, Warren Buffett, Fortune, May 1977
^ "Official Buffett Biography to Hit Shelves". The New York Times. August 12, 2008. Retrieved August 15, 2008. 
^ Warren Buffett; Carol Loomis (November 22, 1999). "Mr. Buffett on the Stock Market". Fortune. 
^ a b "Warren Buffett, 'Oracle of Omaha', criticizes Wall Street and praises immigrants". Reuters via the Guardian. 25 February 2017. 
^ Yates, Chelsea. "The Billionaire and the Ukulele". Hear Nebraska. 
^ Bailey, Jeff; Dash, Eric (September 1, 2006). "How Does Warren Buffett Get Married? Frugally, It Turns Out". The New York Times. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Brian Goodman (August 31, 2006). "Wedding Bells For Warren Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. Random House. ISBN 0-8129-7927-3. 
^ "Susan Buffett in Her Own Words: Conversations with Charlie Rose". Bookworm Omaha. Archived from the original on December 23, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008.  Also freely available at Hulu.
^ The Rich Man's Michael Moore Wall Street Journal, Robert Frank. February 23, 2008
^ Goodman, Leah McGrath (December 2008). "The Billionaire's Black Sheep". Marie Claire. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Nichols, Michelle (February 21, 2008). "Documentary on wealth gap divides Buffett family". Reuters. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2009). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Random House. pp. 656–657. ISBN 978-0-553-38461-1.  Excerpt available at Google Books.
^ Smith, Rich (June 29, 2005). "Stupid CEO Tricks". Motley Fool. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Warren E. Buffett, Equilar Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Chairman's Letter 1989". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Owen, David (September 17, 2007). "Turning Tricks: The rise and fall of contract bridge.". The New Yorker. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ Moore, Martha T. (December 19, 2005). "Billionaires bank on bridge to trump poker". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Blackstone, John (February 17, 2008). "Bringing Back Bridge". CBS News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Doreen MacMillan (October 5, 2012). "Bridge Scene: United States team secures the 2012 Warren Buffett Cup". Collier Citizen. Scripps Media Inc. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "The Varsity Zone Talks Football with Warren Buffett". YouTube. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Sherman, Mitch (November 7, 2009). "From the sidelines: Can some of these guys suit up?". Omaha World-Herald.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Warren Buffett, Martha Stewart, Gisele Bündchen, and Kosmos Featuring Carl Sagan Headline New Slate of Purpose-Driven Entertainment for Children. Business Wire. July 24, 2009. Archived from the original on October 5, 2015. 
^ "CNBC TRANSCRIPT: Warren Buffett's 'Secret Millionaire's Club' Live Interview on Squawk Box". CNBC. 
^ Wired article Faces of the New Atheism: The Scribe published November 2006. Retrieved November 10, 2009.
^ "How Warren Buffett made his billions". Rediff.com. December 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Taylor III, Alex (June 4, 2006). "Buffett backs GM – and buys a Caddy". CNN. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Piers Morgan (October 22, 2013). "Warren Buffett on cell phones, email, and material goods". CNN. Retrieved November 11, 2014. 
^ Vivian Giang (September 3, 2014). "4 ODD YET EFFECTIVE WAYS THE SMARTEST PEOPLE PRIORITIZE THEIR DAYS". Fast Company. Mansueto Ventures, LLC. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "Chairman's Letter—1993". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "How billionaire Warren Buffett became the face of Cherry Coke in China". ABC News. 2017-04-05. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ France-Presse, Agence (2017-04-05). "Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Cherry Coke in China". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer". BBC News. Retrieved December 27, 2015. 
^ Sam Ro (September 15, 2012). "Warren Buffett Completes Cancer Treatments". Business Insider. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Boyle, Christina (October 1, 2009). "Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Christy Walton top 2009's 'Forbes 400: Richest Americans' list". Daily News. New York. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett signs over $30.7B to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation". USA Today. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "The Forbes 400: The Richest People In America". Forbes. Retrieved June 29, 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffett and Peter Lynch Voted Top Money Managers of the Century". Business Wire. November 22, 1999. Archived from the original on December 9, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Cramer, James J. (April 19, 2003). "Warren Buffett". TIME. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Julianna Goldman (February 15, 2011). "Obama Honors Buffett, George H.W. Bush With Medal of Freedom". Bloomberg. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers". Foreign Policy. November 29, 2010. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor", Warren E. Buffett, Fortune May 1977 #
^ An Exclusive Hour with Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates. Charlie Rose. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. Retrieved December 22, 2015. 
^ "Gates: Buffett gift may help cure worst diseases". MSNBC. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "The birth of philanthrocapitalism". The Economist. February 23, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and STEPHANIE SAUL (June 26, 2006). "Buffett to Give Bulk of His Fortune to Gates Charity". The New York Times. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Yuki Noguchi (June 26, 2006). "Gates Foundation to Get Bulk of Buffett's Fortune". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ Carol J. Loomis (June 25, 2006). "A conversation with Warren Buffett". Fortune. 
^ "Most of Susan Buffett Estate to Go to Foundation". The Foundation Center. August 11, 2004. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "America's Most-Generous Donors, Rank: 1 Warren E. Buffett, Chronicle of Philanthropy". Philanthropy.com. February 22, 2007. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Chapnick, Nate. "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Archived from the original on June 4, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "girls-inc". eBay. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Lindsay Goldwert (July 1, 2007). "Lunch With Warren Buffett? $650,100, Charity Auction Winner Bids Big Money For Steak Lunch With Billionaire Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Zuill, Lilla (June 28, 2008). "uk.reuters.com, Warren Buffett lunch sells for record $2.11 mln". Uk.reuters.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "cnbc.com, Warren Buffett Charity Lunch Auction Ends with High Bid of $2,110,100". Cnbc.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Funk, Josh (June 6, 2010). "Buffett hopes lunch auction again draws big bids". Associated Press. Archived from the original on June 8, 2010. Retrieved June 7, 2010. 
^ "Cost to lunch with Warren Buffett: $3.5 million". Yahoo! News. June 9, 2012. 
^ Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Archived from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 
^ Michael Luo and Christopher Drew (July 3, 2008). "Obama Picks Up Fund-Raising Pace". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ ""Squawk Box" Transcript: Becky Quick Sits Down with Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett". CNBC. Retrieved September 12, 2008. 
^ "Transcript of second McCain, Obama debate". CNN. October 10, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "Obama appoints Buffett as economic adviser". Reuters. November 7, 2008. Archived from the original on July 24, 2013. 
^ USA Today: Schwarzenegger taps Buffett as finance advisor August 14, 2003
^ Haskell, John; Hansler, Jennifer (August 1, 2016). "Warren Buffett Challenges Trump to Show Tax Returns, Says He's 'Afraid'". ABC News. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump says general election may be ‘rigged’". Los Angeles Times. August 1, 2016. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Transcript of the Second Debate". The New York Times. 2016-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b c "Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump". Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  6 minutes in.
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  7 minutes in.
^ Keehan SP, Sisko AM, Truffer CJ, et al. (August 2011). "National health spending projections through 2020: economic recovery and reform drive faster spending growth". Health Aff (Millwood). 30 (8): 1594–605. PMID 21798885. doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2011.0662. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  4 minutes in.
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  9 to 10 minutes in.
^ Atul Gawande (June 1, 2009). "The Cost Conundrum – What a Texas town can teach us about health care". The New Yorker. Retrieved June 29, 2011. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  11 minutes in.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes: 24, 42–3. November 26, 2007. 
^ Ben Stein, "In Class Warfare, Guess Which Class Is Winning", New York Times, November 26, 2006
^ Dave Zweifel, "Plain Talk: There's Class War, and Rich Are Winning", The Cap Times, October 6, 2010
^ Pramuck, Jacob. "Warren Buffett fires back at Donald Trump's comments about his taxes." CNBC. 10 October 2016. 10 October 2016.
^ "Rich Americans back inheritance tax". BBC. February 14, 2001. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Jim Snyder (November 15, 2007). "Buffett tells Senate Finance panel 'dynastic' wealth on the rise in U.S.". The Hill (newspaper). Archived from the original on November 20, 2007. 
^ Berlau, John (August 23, 2004). "Buffetted. The Sage of Omaha loves the estate tax – as well he might". National Review. FindArticles. 
^ Ackman, Dan (October 11, 2004). "America, The Casino Nation". Forbes. Archived from the original on April 13, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren (May 1977). "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor". Fortune. 
^ "Shareholder Proposal Regarding Berkshire's Investment In PetroChina" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Warren Buffett's 500% Return from BYD: The Show Just Begun?". ChinaStakes. Retrieved September 16, 2009. 
^ Burrough, Bryan; Helyar, John (1990). Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-06-016172-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Jenell Wallace (April 25, 1994). "Warren Buffett Cools on His Attraction to Tobacco Business". Legacy Tobacco Documents Library, University of California San Diego Library. Bloomberg. 
^ "Utah Petition Encouraging Energy Diversification" (PDF). Public Service Commission of Utah. July 28, 2007. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 9, 2013. 
^ Josh Funk (May 3, 2008). "Buffett again rebuffs advocates who want Klamath dams out". USA Today. 
^ Bacher, Dan (May 1, 2009). "Klamath Dam Removal Advocates Call on Buffett’s Company To Close the Deal". Indybay.org. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Marc Roca and Ehren Goossens (December 20, 2011). "BP Deems Solar Unprofitable, Exiting Business After 40 Years". Bloomberg. 
^ "Warren Buffett, Fuzzy Math And Stock Options ". The Washington Post. July 6, 2004. p. A19. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (July 24, 2002). "Warren E. Buffett, Who Really Cooks the Books?". The New York Times. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Buffett on Facebook and Google: hard to estimate future valu". Chicago Sun-Times. Associated Press. May 7, 2012. Retrieved May 7, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Del Jones, "Book titles like to play the Warren Buffett name game," USA Today, October 22, 2008.
^ Buffett, Warren; Cunningham, Lawrence. The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition. The Cunningham Group. ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Pysh, Preston. Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books: A guide to the Intelligent Investor, Security Analysis, and the Wealth of Nations. Pylon Publishing Company. ISBN 978-0-98296-762-1. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert G.; Miller, Bill R.; Fisher, Ken (2005). The Warren Buffett Way. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley. ISBN 0-471-74367-4. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Schroeder, Alice. The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell Pub Group 2008. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Janet Maslin, "Books of The Times: The Richest Man and How He Grew (and Grew His Company, Too)," New York Times, September 28, 2008.
^ Buffett, Mary; Clark, David. Buffettology: The Previously Unexplained Techniques That Have Made Warren Buffett The World's Most Famous Investor. Scribner. ISBN 978-0-684-84821-1. 
^ Lowe, Janet. Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-15262-1. 
^ Train, John (1987). The midas touch: the strategies that have made Warren Buffett America's pre-eminent investor. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 978-0-06-015643-5. 
^ Kilpatrick, Andrew. Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett/2008 Cosmic Edition/2 volumes. Andy Kilpatrick Publishing Empire (AKPE). ISBN 978-1-57864-455-1. 
^ Reese, John P.; Jack Forehand (2009). The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-37709-3. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet (January 9, 2009). Dear Mr. Buffett: What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street. Wiley. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6. 
^ Janjigian, Vahan (May 1, 2008). Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can--and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor. Penguin. ISBN 9781440631474. 


Further reading

Schwartz, Mattathias (January 2010). "The Church of Warren Buffett". Harper's. 320 (1916): 27–35. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Warren Buffett





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Warren Buffett.



Berkshire Hathaway official website
The Buffett
Buffett Partnership Letters
"Warren Buffett's Letters to Shareholders". Berkshire Hathaway. 
Berkshire Hathaway SEC 13F Filings
Appearances on C-SPAN
Warren Buffett on Charlie Rose
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The Guardian.  
Works by or about Warren Buffett in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Stempel, Jonathan (February 12, 2008). "FACTBOX: Warren Buffett at a glance". Reuters. 



Honorary titles


Preceded by
Ingvar Kamprad
World's richest person
?–1995
Succeeded by
Bill Gates


Preceded by
Bill Gates
World's richest person
2008–2009








v
t
e


Graham Holdings Company



Corporate staff



Donald E. Graham (COB & CEO)





Kaplan, Inc.



Concord Law School
Dev Bootcamp
Dublin Business School
Kaplan Financial Ltd
Kaplan Law School
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan University
Schweser





Television stations




NBC affiliates



KPRC
WDIV
WSLS





ABC affiliate



KSAT





CBS affiliate



WKMG





CW affiliate



WCWJ





Independent station



WJXT








The Slate Group



Foreign Policy
Panoply Media
Slate












v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category












v
t
e


Buffett family



First generation



Howard H. Buffett

m. Leila Stahl Buffett







Second generation

Doris Buffett

Warren Buffett

m. 1st Susan T. Buffett
m. 2nd Astrid Menks


Roberta Buffett Elliott





Third generation



Children of Warren Buffett
Susan A. Buffett




m. Allen Greenberg




Howard G. Buffett




m. 1st Marcia Sue Duncan
m. 2nd Devon Morse




Peter Buffett




m. 1st Mary Buffet
m. 2nd Jennifer Buffett







Fourth generation



Children of Howard G. Buffett
Howard W. Buffett (m. Lili T. Buffett)


Step-children of Peter Buffett
Nicole Buffett
Erica Buffett





Companies and organizations



Berkshire Hathaway
Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation
Sherwood Foundation
Howard G. Buffett Foundation
NoVo Foundation
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars










Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 121622610
LCCN: n85256764
ISNI: 0000 0001 2149 5004
GND: 119261855
SELIBR: 387113
SUDOC: 050292668
BNF: cb13509178t (data)
NDL: 00722597
NKC: vse2005270947
BNE: XX1306624










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Warren_Buffett&oldid=791386992"					
Categories: 1930 births20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican agnosticsAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican salespeopleAmerican stockbrokersAmerican stock tradersAmerican venture capitalistsBerkshire Hathaway employeesBill & Melinda Gates Foundation peopleBuffett familyBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaBusinesspeople from NebraskaColumbia Business School alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayDirectors of The Coca-Cola CompanyEquity securitiesGiving PledgersGrinnell College peopleLiving peopleNebraska DemocratsPeople with cancerPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsStock and commodity market managersTechnical analystsThe Washington Post peopleUniversity of Nebraska–Lincoln alumniWoodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمازِرونیBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray吴语ייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








4 Ways to Contact Warren Buffett - wikiHow
























 



























  






MESSAGES



LOG IN

Log in

Facebook
Google


wikiHow Account


		No account yet?		Create an account


 


EXPLORE
Community DashboardRandom ArticleAbout UsCategoriesRecent Changes 


HELP US
Write an ArticleRequest a New ArticleAnswer a RequestMore Ideas... 


EDIT
Edit this Article 





 






Home » Categories  » Arts and Entertainment » Actor Appreciation » Contacting Celebrities 

ArticleEditDiscuss









Edit ArticlewikiHow to Contact Warren Buffett
Four Methods:Berkshire Hathaway Inc.Bill and Melinda Gates FoundationSocial MediaMeet Warren BuffettCommunity Q&A
Warren Buffett is renowned for his success as an investor and also noted for his work as a philanthropist. Your options are limited if you want to contact him, and a reply is never guaranteed. Nonetheless, if you are determined to contact him with an investment proposal, charitable request, or other comment, there are a few different routes you can try.







Steps


Method 1

Berkshire Hathaway Inc.







1

Write him a letter. The only mailing address available to the public is the address of his company, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. He is the company's chairman, president, and CEO.


Mail your letter to:[1]
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
3555 Farnam Street
Suite 1440
Omaha, NE 68131


Address Warren Buffett in the greeting of your actual letter. He will not open the letter directly, but staff members who may open and read your letter first will at least know that you intend to reach Mr. Buffett directly.









2

E-mail him. While Warren Buffett does not have a personal e-mail address and reportedly does not check the e-mail address provided for Berkshire Hathaway, there is some chance that a message sent to the Berkshire Hathaway e-mail address may reach him if the content is significant enough.


The e-mail address is: berkshire@berkshirehathaway.com
Note that there is a disclaimer on the website directly stating that the personnel at the corporate office is unable to provide a direct response to e-mail messages.
The e-mail address should be used primarily for inquiries or comments related to the Berkshire Hathaway Inc. website. Only use it as a means of contacting Warren Buffett as a last resort; try sending a letter via regular mail first, if at all possible.








3

Know what to expect. When you write to Mr. Buffett using the Berkshire Hathaway contact information, your letter may not actually reach him. He receives approximately 250 to 300 letters each day, all of which must go through various staff members before they arrive at his desk.


Unsolicited mail rarely receives a reply. This includes personal mail, charitable gift requests, and most investment proposals.
If you are making a charitable gift request, contact Buffett through the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. He is a primary trustee for the foundation and works with the Gates to develop charitable giving strategies.








4

Know what to write. The only way you might have your letter read and replied to is if you write an investment proposal that meets all the investment criteria set by Warren Buffett in his annual letter to shareholders.


You can find the letter to shareholders here: http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/letters/letters.html

While the acquisition criteria can change from year to year, oftentimes, business representatives must adhere to the following standards when they write:[2]
The acquisition must be a large purchase.
The business must have demonstrated consistent earning power.
The business must earn good returns on equity with little to no debt.
The management must already be in place.
The business must be simple.
The proposal must come with an offering price.










5

Note the missing pieces. There is no public phone number or fax number for either Warren Buffett or Berkshire Hathaway Inc.










Method 2

Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation







1

Contact the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation for charitable gift requests. Warren Buffett is a trustee of the foundation and has considerable influence within the organization. Moreover, most of his charitable donations are made through the foundation, as well.


Note that most unsolicited mail does not receive a reply, so you may not get a letter back.
When writing to the foundation, you should use the generic "To Whom It May Concern" heading. Warren Buffett does not directly check mail sent to the foundation, nor do Bill or Melinda Gates.
In the body of your message, within the first few paragraphs, mention that you would like the letter to be forwarded to Warren Buffett.








2

Send an e-mail.[3] You can contact the foundation at: info@gatesfoundation.org


Note that this e-mail address is one of the recommended ways of contacting the foundation about grant inquiries.








3

Call with a grant inquiry. If you do not have an e-mail address to use, you could call the foundation directly about a grant inquiry at: 206-709-3140


Before calling or e-mailing with a grant inquiry, it is strongly recommended that you review the foundation's Grantseeker FAQ: http://www.gatesfoundation.org/How-We-Work/General-Information/Grantseeker-FAQ









4

Contact the main office. You can do so by mail or by phone.


The mailing address for the main office is:

500 Fifth Avenue North
Seattle, WA 98109


The phone number for the main office is: 206-709-3100








5

Get in touch with the East Coast office. You can write or call.


The mailing address for this office is:

PO Box 6176
Ben Franklin Station
Washington, D.C. 20044


Use the following phone number: 202-662-8130








6

Use the Europe and Middle East office. You can send a letter or make a phone call for this office, as well.


The mailing address is:

80-100 Victoria Street
London
SW1E 5JL


The phone number is: +44 (0) 207 798 6500








7

Contact one of the other offices. The foundation also has a China office and an India office, both of which can only be contacted via telephone.


The phone number for the China office is: 011-86-10-8454-7500
The phone number for the India office is: 011-91-11-4713-8800










Method 3

Social Media







1

Tweet him. You can find Warren Buffett's Twitter account at: https://twitter.com/WarrenBuffett

Note that his Twitter page is not updated frequently and it may take some time before he sees your tweet. Even after he does see it, do not expect him to reply to it.
This method of contact is best used if you only intend to send a quick comment that does not require a response.










Method 4

Meet Warren Buffett







1

Enroll in an MBA program. While there is no guarantee that pursuing a Master of Business Administration degree will allow you to meet Warren Buffett, this is actually the best method to pursue if you hope to speak with him in person.


Six times each year, Mr. Buffett invites graduate level business students from 45 universities to come to his office in Omaha, Nebraska.
During these visits, the students interact with him during a 90-minute question and answer session. Afterward, he treats the students to lunch.
Each college can only send 20 students, and of those students, 30 percent or more must be women.








2

Attend his annual meeting. Warren Buffett has a shareholder meeting once every year. You can hear him speak, but the odds are low that you will actually be able to meet him or speak to him in return.


The meeting is usually on the first Saturday of May.
For more information, go to: http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/sharehold.html













Community Q&A




Search







Ask a Question

200 characters left
Submit




Already answered
Not a question
Bad question
Other








If this question (or a similar one) is answered twice in this section, please click here to let us know.







EditRelated wikiHows






How to Contact Famous Celebrities





How to Meet a Porn Star in Your Area





How to Contact Mark Cuban





How to Contact Oprah Winfrey





How to Contact JK Rowling





How to Contact Dr. Phil





How to Contact Iyanla Vanzant





How to Contact Rihanna





Sources and Citations




↑ http://www.berkshirehathaway.com/


↑ http://www.robertpmiles.com/faq.html


↑ http://www.gatesfoundation.org/Who-We-Are/General-Information/Contact-Us
















Article Info

 Categories: Contacting Celebrities
In other languages:
Русский: связаться с Уорреном Баффетом, Español: contactar a Warren Buffett, Italiano: Contattare Warren Buffett, Português: Contatar Warren Buffett, Français: contacter Warren Buffett, Deutsch: Warren Buffett kontaktieren, Bahasa Indonesia: Menghubungi Warren Buffett, Nederlands: Contact opnemen met Warren Buffet, 中文: 联系沃伦·巴菲特 

Discuss
Print
Email
Edit
Send fan mail to authors
 
 
Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 177,830 times.

Did this article help you?

Yes
No


 


 



 


Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our cookie policy.


About this wikiHow














































 



534 votes - 80%
Click a star to vote




Click a star to vote
Thanks for voting!





				Co-authors:  8 

Updated: 

Views: 177,830




80% of people told us that this article helped them.







Quick Tips









 







Home
About wikiHow
Jobs
Terms of Use
RSS
Site map
Log In
Mobile view







    All text shared under a Creative Commons License.



Powered by Mediawiki.
 









Help answer questions

Learn more













171








Warren E. Buffett, 2005
















































MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS





















HBR STORE
 > 
Case Studies
 > 
Finance & Accounting






Warren E. Buffett, 2005
case study
Robert F. BrunerSean Carr


















 Save
 Share












8.95



 Save
 Share





Format
				




PDF
Hardcopy Black & White






Format


PDF
Hardcopy Black & White



Language

English
English









Add copyright permissions.
							Quantity discounts.



Number of Copyright Permissions









Language

English



Quantity





Buying for your team?  





Add to cart
			












Description



Access to case studies expires six months after purchase date.



Publication Date: November 17, 2005

 This is a Darden case study.On May 24, 2005, Warren Buffett, the chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., announced that MidAmerican Energy Holdings Company, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, would acquire the electric utility PacifiCorp. In Buffett's largest deal since 1998, and the 2nd largest of his entire career, MidAmerican would purchase PacifiCorp from its parent, Scottish Power plc, for $5.1 billion in cash and $4.3 billion in liabilities and preferred stock. The acquisition of PacifiCorp renewed public interest in its sponsor, Warren Buffett. In many ways, he was an anomaly. What were the key principles that guided Buffett? Could these be broadly applied in the 21st century, or were they unique to Buffett and his time? From an understanding of these principles, analysts hoped to illuminate the acquisition of PacifiCorp. What were Buffett's probable motives in the acquisition? What did Buffett's offer say about his valuation of PacifiCorp, and how would it compare with valuations for other regulated utilities? Would Berkshire's acquisition of PacifiCorp prove to be a success? How would Buffett define success?


Product #: UV0016-PDF-ENG

Pages: 21


Related Topics:

Financial analysis
Financial management
Financial markets
Mergers & acquisitions






How to Download



To download this product after your purchase, simply sign-in to hbr.org and visit the "Purchases" area of your account.




Education & Student Discounts




Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu
					, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.
					

Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu.
					











Business Bookshelf
Summaries and excerpts of the latest books, special offers, and more from Harvard Business Review Press.





Sign up





Signed up









          Loading...     


    Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed        Loading...      


                      


       1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $3.75   10-49  $3.50     50–499  $3.25   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $9.50   10-49  $8.50     50–499  $7.50   500+  $7.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50–99  30% off list   100-499  40% off list     500–999  45% off list   1000-2499  50% off list     2500+  55% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-250  list price   251-500  10% off list     501-1000  20% off list   1001–2000  25% off list     2001+  30% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  10% off list     50-99  20% off list   100+  30% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.      When you place your first order on HBR.org and enter your credit card information and shipping address, 'Speed-Pay' ordering is enabled. 'Speed-Pay' is a service that saves the credit card details from your most recent purchase and allows you to re-use that card for future purchases. If you click the Speed-Pay button on any product detail page, your order will be charged to the most recent credit card information attached to your account and shipped (if applicable) to the last address we have on file for you. For more details   Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at hbsp.harvard.edu, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.   Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at hbsp.harvard.edu.   _____________________     1-4  $8.95 each   5-10  $8.75 each     11-49  $8.50 each   50-499  $8.25 each     500+  $8.00 each     Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order. If you need to make additional copies to distribute, please purchase copyright permission.      Ebook: A digital book provided in three formats (PDF, ePub, and Mobi) for the price of one.  Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Hardcopy, paperback, softbound, magazine: Physical copy shipped from our warehouse to your requested shipping location. PDF: PDF digital file. Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Bundle: A themed collection containing two or more items at a special savings. Note: Some of our products are available in other languages besides English, for example a “Spanish PDF” format means you will receive a PDF in the Spanish language.    A security code is added protection against credit card fraud. It is a 3 or 4 digit number appearing on the front or back of your credit card. See examples below.  Visa and Mastercard The security code has 3 digits and appears on the BACK of the card in the signature panel. American Express  The Card Identification Number (CID/4DBC) is a four-digit, non-embossed (flat) number that is printed on every American Express Card. The CID/4DBC is ALWAYS located ABOVE the embossed (raised) account number on the face of the card. In some instances, the CID/4DBC is located on the left side of the card, but is always above the account number. Some cards have a four-digit number embossed below the account number, but this is not the CID/4DBC   If you have a promotion code, please enter it below. This promotion code field is case sensitive so please type all capital letters.     This product is intended for individual use only. To learn more about volume discounts for organizations and license opportunities for consultants, contact Lindsey.Dietrich@harvardbusiness.org.      Unable to locate your subscription account #? Click here 






  














 




Warren Buffett, at Berkshire Meeting, Condemns Republican Health Care Bill - The New York Times













































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|Warren Buffett, at Berkshire Meeting, Condemns Republican Health Care Bill







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2pi1dDp








Advertisement













 



Supported by




Warren Buffett, at Berkshire Meeting, Condemns Republican Health Care Bill

By MICHAEL J. de la MERCEDMAY 6, 2017



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Warren E. Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway’s chief executive, and his No. 2, Charlie Munger, with red tie, presided over the annual shareholders meeting in Omaha on Saturday.

Credit
            Nati Harnik/Associated Press        



Every year, tens of thousands of investors descend on Omaha to attend the annual meeting of Berkshire Hathaway, the conglomerate controlled by Warren E. Buffett, and hear directly from the billionaire.And this year, those who made the trek heard Mr. Buffett on Saturday criticize the Trump administration’s health care overhaul as a giveaway to wealthy individuals like himself, and heard him rebuke the previous management of Wells Fargo, of which Berkshire is one of the biggest shareholders.Berkshire’s annual shareholder meeting has long been known as the “Woodstock of capitalism” for the fervor of the investors — some owning only a single share — who travel to Omaha just for the chance to listen to Mr. Buffett and his longtime business partner, Charles Munger.Over the course of six and a half hours, Mr. Buffett, 86, and Mr. Munger, 93, touched upon a wide range of topics, as they sipped Coca-Cola and munched on See’s candies (from two of Berkshire’s holdings). The two executives spoke about the arcana of insurance, one of Berkshire’s biggest businesses. They criticized the work of private equity firms that load enormous piles of debt onto companies they acquire. And, responding to individual shareholder queries, they also spoke about their dreams and regrets.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Several questions homed in on politics, and Mr. Buffett, a Democrat with close ties to former President Barack Obama, offered measured criticism of President Trump’s policies. He argued that the American Health Care Act, which passed the House this past week, amounted to “a huge tax cut for guys like me.” He also said rising health care costs, rather than high taxes, were the biggest drag on American businesses. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





“Medical costs are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness,” he said.Mr. Buffett also argued that executives at Wells Fargo, in turning a blind eye to the creation of fraudulent accounts to meet sales goals, had fostered a toxic culture. Of the bank’s ousted chief executive, John Stumpf, Mr. Buffett said, “The moment the C.E.O. heard about it, he had to act. He didn’t.”Yet Mr. Buffett and Mr. Munger stood by Wells Fargo and other Berkshire investments, including United Airlines and Coca-Cola. When a protester from Germany delivered a long speech decrying Coke, sugar and capitalism itself, Mr. Buffett said he would continue to drink his favorite beverage, Cherry Coke.In contrast, the billionaire offered little defense of one major holding of Berkshire: IBM. Berkshire announced on Friday that it had sold one-third of its stake in the struggling technology company.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




Mr. Buffett also defended one of his favorite business partners of late, 3G Capital, a Brazilian investment firm that has backed both Kraft Heinz and Burger King. At the meeting, Mr. Buffett disclosed that, as Kraft Heinz worked on its now-dead takeover bid for the consumer products giant Unilever, Berkshire was prepared to invest $15 billion in the potential deal.But 3G has been frequently criticized for its ruthless cost-cutting measures, including layoffs. Still, Mr. Buffett said that layoffs were sometimes necessary to make companies more productive.“Change is painful for a lot of people,” he said. “I think it’s absolutely essential to America that we become more productive, because that’s the only way we increase consumption per capita.”Mr. Munger, known for delivering more succinct answers, added, “We don’t see any moral fault with 3G,” though he allowed that he understood the political responses to the firm’s strategies.Mr. Buffett also explained that, in his view, Berkshire’s investment in Apple — despite his noted aversion to investing in technology companies — was more a bet on a highly successful peddler of consumer electronics than a wager on technology per se.To no one’s surprise, Mr. Buffett did not mention who would take over for him as Berkshire’s chief executive. The billionaire has long said that he plans to work for as long as possible, and while he has identified successors for his roles as Berkshire’s chairman and top stock picker, he has not said who would actually run the company.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Still, he allowed that he expected Berkshire’s next chief to already be rich after a career of business success. And in answering a question about how much that person would be paid, he took a swipe at compensation consultants who often urge corporate boards to pay their managers extravagant salaries. “If the board hires a compensation consultant, I’m coming back!” he joked.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage










When Warren Met Jorge Paulo: Buffett and Lemann Recall Their First Deal
APRIL 10, 2017








BREAKINGVIEWS 

Buffett’s $1 Trillion Target for Apple Is in Sight
FEB. 27, 2017












DEALBOOK 

Buffett Asks Big Money: Why Pay High Fees?
FEB. 27, 2017













Warren Buffett, in Annual Letter, Offers Hymn to U.S. Economy
FEB. 25, 2017
























Related Coverage







When Warren Met Jorge Paulo: Buffett and Lemann Recall Their First Deal
APRIL 10, 2017












BREAKINGVIEWS 

Buffett’s $1 Trillion Target for Apple Is in Sight
FEB. 27, 2017








DEALBOOK 

Buffett Asks Big Money: Why Pay High Fees?
FEB. 27, 2017













Warren Buffett, in Annual Letter, Offers Hymn to U.S. Economy
FEB. 25, 2017















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Warren Buffett: I used Berkshire's insights into the furniture business to figure out Apple's worth



   















  
































X












&times















&times















&times















&times


















Warren Buffett Watch



Berkshire Hathaway Portfolio Tracker




Warren Buffett: I used Berkshire's insights into the furniture business to figure out Apple's worth


 The Berkshire Hathaway CEO says it's "amazing" how Apple has resonated with consumers. "You can't move people by price in the smartphone market" like in appliances, Buffett says. Despite some softer sales recently, consumer loyalty to the iPhone is "huge," he argues.  




Matthew J. Belvedere													| @Matt_Belvedere

Monday,  8 May 2017 |  6:58  AM ETCNBC.com



SHARES











Billionaire investor Warren Buffett told CNBC on Monday it's "amazing" how Apple has resonated with consumers, and that's why Berkshire Hathaway bought the stock.
"I can very easily determine the competitive position of Apple now and who's trying to chase them and how easy it is to chase them," Buffett said on "Squawk Box" from Omaha, Nebraska, following Saturday's Berkshire's annual meeting.
Buffett said he used Berkshire's insights into the furniture business to figure out Apple's worth.

"We happened to be well situated in terms of having these massive home furnishing stores. I can learn very easily how consumers react to different things there," he said, referring to Berkshire's ownership of Nebraska Furniture Mart. "You can't move people by price in the smartphone market remotely like you can move them in appliances or all kinds of things. People want the product. They don't want the cheapest product."
Despite softer sales in the most recent quarter, consumer loyalty to the iPhone is "huge," Buffett said. "It's a very, very, very valuable product to people that build their lives around it. And that's true of 8-year-olds and 80-year-olds," he added.
Asked why Berkshire Hathaway bought Apple stock, Buffett said, "The shares when we bought them at least were much more reasonable in relation to current earnings."
In a CNBC appearance in February, Buffett revealed Berkshire more than doubled its Apple holdings a month earlier, giving the conglomerate a 2.5 percent stake in the Apple's outstanding shares.
 Read stories from CNBC's interview with Warren BuffettBuffett defends buyout firm's 'standard capitalist formula' of layoffs
Buffett says IBM's Watson will have greatest value when it replaces human labor
Warren Buffett's one-word answer for why he hasn't purchased Amazon shares
Buffett says Trump hasn't had much effect on the economy yet
Warren Buffett says the fake account scandal at Wells Fargo hurt its reputation
Republican health-care bill will 'cut the hell out of taxes' for the rich, says Warren Buffett
Warren Buffett says he never wants to be out of the stock market
Buffett says United made a mistake in its initial response to dragged passenger
Charlie Munger: 'The amount of waste from overtreatment of the dying is just disgusting' 















Matthew J. BelvedereNews Editor


Related Securities




Symbol
Price
 
Change
%Change




BRK.A

---





















































































BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.



BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.3555 Farnam StreetOmaha, NE 68131Official Home Page 








A Message From Warren E. Buffett



News Releases Updated July 10, 2017



Annual & Interim Reports Updated May 5, 2017


Warren Buffett's Letters to Berkshire 
        Shareholders Updated February 25, 2017



Special Letters From Warren & Charlie RE:Past, Present and Future 


Charlie Munger's Letters to Wesco Shareholders




Link 
        to SEC Filings 


Annual Meeting Information 



Links to Berkshire Subsidiary 
        Companies 


Celebrating 50 Years of a Profitable Partnership(A commemorative book first sold at the 2015 Annual Meeting and now for sale on eBay.)
				 



Corporate Governance 


Comparative Rights and Relative Prices of 
        Class A and B Stock 



Owner's Manual


Berkshire Activewear 
         



Letters from Warren E. Buffett 
        Regarding Pledges to Make Gifts of Berkshire Stock








FOR A FREE CAR INSURANCE RATE QUOTE THAT 
COULD SAVE YOU SUBSTANTIAL MONEYWWW.GEICO.COM OR CALL 
1-888-395-6349, 24 HOURS A DAY



If you have any comments about our WEB page, you can 
write us at the address shown above.  However, due to 
the limited number of personnel in our corporate office, we are unable to 
provide a direct response.


Legal Disclaimer 

Copyright © 1978-2017 Berkshire Hathaway Inc.



Warren Buffett - CNBC

   















  




































X












&times















&times















&times















&times
















Warren Buffett Watch
Warren Buffett






		    	                 
            Energy Future warns delay would kill Oncor sale to Buffett
			                 
8 Mins Ago
WILMINGTON, Del., July 26- Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc will walk away from its $9 billion acquisition of Oncor Electric Delivery Co if the deal is delayed, an attorney for the parent company of Texas' largest utility told a bankruptcy judge on Wednesday. Energy Future Holdings Corp, the bankrupt owner of Oncor, disclosed Berkshire Hathaway's warning...


		    	                 
            UPDATE 2-Home Capital cedes gains as regulatory concerns weigh
			                 
3 Hours Ago
TORONTO, July 26- Shares in Home Capital Group Inc relinquished early gains on Wednesday as concerns about tougher mortgage regulations offset news it had paid back the balance of a C $2 billion loan from Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. Repayment of the credit facility will significantly reduce the interest paid on borrowings going forward, Home...


		    	                 
            CANADA STOCKS-TSX flat as railway losses offset natural resource gains
			                 
4 Hours Ago
TORONTO, July 26- Canada's main stock index was little changed in morning trade on Wednesday, as losses for railway stocks were offset by gains among natural resource companies. Grocery chain operator Lowbaw's Cos Ltd fell 4.3 percent to C $68.39 after barely beating profit expectations, while electronics manufacturer Celestica Inc lost 4.1 percent to C...
 



 


		    	                 
            Cramer's game plan: Take this earnings onslaught day by day
			                 
Monday, 24 Jul 2017 |  6:11  PM ET
Jim Cramer goes over the stocks and events on his radar this week as the market holds its breath amid a tidal wave of earnings reports.
 



  


		    	                 
            A-Rod on what he’s investing in right now—and what he’s learned from J-Lo
			                 
Monday, 24 Jul 2017 |  1:08  PM ET
Alex Rodriguez talks about investing, transitioning from baseball to business, and Jennifer Lopez, Fortune reports.
 



  


		    	                 
            Warren Buffett-target Unilever reports first-half improvement after failed Kraft bid
			                 
Thursday, 20 Jul 2017 |  4:59  AM ET
Unilever lifted its full-year margin target on Thursday after seeing a big improvement in the first half, underlying its ability to boost returns as an independent firm after rebuffing a $143 billion takeover bid from Kraft Heinz earlier this year.


		    	                 
            UPDATE 4-T-Mobile quarterly results top estimates as subscribers grow
			                 
Wednesday, 19 Jul 2017 |  7:35  PM ET
Shares rose 3 percent to $63.90 in after-hours trading. Sources told Reuters in June that Sprint, controlled by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, had entered into a two-month period of exclusive negotiations with cable companies Charter Communications Inc and Comcast Corp until the end of July. Sources also told Reuters that Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway...


		    	                 
            UPDATE 3-T-Mobile quarterly results top estimates as subscribers grow
			                 
Wednesday, 19 Jul 2017 |  5:43  PM ET
Shares rose 3 percent to $63.96 in after-hours trading. Sources told Reuters in June that Sprint, controlled by Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, had entered into a two-month period of exclusive negotiations with cable companies Charter Communications Inc and Comcast Corp until the end of July. Sources also told Reuters that Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway...
 



  


		    	                 
            Leading analyst says IBM stock could fall 18% and Watson won't save the day
			                 
Wednesday, 19 Jul 2017 | 12:53  PM ET
IBM missed a lot of opportunities over the years, Jefferies analyst James Kisner says.
 



  


		    	                 
            How a billionaire hedge fund manager plans to transform the biggest American power producer without getting burned
			                 
Tuesday, 18 Jul 2017 |  2:56  PM ET
NRG Energy and activist investor Paul Singer aim to do what has confounded other big investors: create a power generation business that works.
 



  


		    	                 
            Watch out, Tesla: This Warren Buffett-backed Chinese electric vehicle maker plans US expansion
			                 
Tuesday, 18 Jul 2017 |  3:24  AM ET
When Trump pushed "Made in America" week, Chinese electric vehicle maker BYD might not have been top of mind.
 



 


		    	                 
            Warren Buffett's 10 commandments on using power to maintain success
			                 
Monday, 17 Jul 2017 |  8:04  AM ET
The billionaire's "commonsense principles" go a long way.


		    	                 
            UPDATE 2-Buffett, Malone explore investment in Sprint -sources
			                 
Friday, 14 Jul 2017 |  4:50  PM ET
July 14- Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc and John Malone's Liberty Media Corp are exploring an investment of between $10 billion and $20 billion in U.S. wireless carrier Sprint Corp, people familiar with the matter said. Masayoshi Son, the chief executive of Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, which controls Sprint, met Buffett and Malone separately this week...


		    	                 
            UPDATE 1-Buffett, Malone explore investment in Sprint -sources
			                 
Friday, 14 Jul 2017 |  3:33  PM ET
July 14- Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc and John Malone's Liberty Media Corp are exploring an investment of between $10 billion and $20 billion in U.S. wireless carrier Sprint Corp, people familiar with the matter said. Masayoshi Son, the chief executive of Japan's SoftBank Group Corp, which controls Sprint, met Buffett and Malone separately this week...
 



  


		    	                 
            Sprint rallies after report executives have engaged Buffett and Malone about investments
			                 
Friday, 14 Jul 2017 |  3:18  PM ET
Shares of Sprint spiked 4 percent Friday after Dow Jones, citing sources, said the telecommunications company is in talks with Warren Buffett and media business giant John Malone about an investment. 
 




  


		    	                 
            Sprint engages Warren Buffett for potential investment   
			                 
Friday, 14 Jul 2017 |  2:58  PM ET
CNBC's Julia Boorstin reports on Sprint's efforts to engage billionaire Warren Buffett as a potential investor.


		    	                 
            Sprint chairman engages Warren Buffett for possible investment-WSJ
			                 
Friday, 14 Jul 2017 |  2:28  PM ET
July 14- Sprint Corp's chairman, Masayoshi Son, has engaged in talks with Berkshire Hathaway Inc's Warren Buffett and media mogul John Malone to discuss a potential investment in the U.S. wireless company, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday. Son met Buffett and Malone, the chairman of Liberty Interactive Corp, separately this week at an annual gathering...


		    	                 
            TIMELINE-Wells Fargo since sales scandal last year
			                 
Thursday, 13 Jul 2017 |  2:28  PM ET
On Sept. 8, the company announced a $185 million settlement with regulators to atone for the sales abuses. In response, Wells Fargo has fired senior managers, changed pay incentives for branch staff, separated the role of chairman and CEO and faced a difficult shareholder vote at its annual meeting. http://tmsnrt.rs/2tNpLd1 John Stumpf, the company's CEO when...
 




 


		    	                 
            Elliott Management hires Moelis for $9.3 billion Oncor bid: Sources   
			                 
Thursday, 13 Jul 2017 | 10:38  AM ET
CNBC’s David Faber reports on Paul Singer’s hedge fund, Elliott Management, hiring Moelis to raise capital for its $9.3 billion bid on Oncor. The bid from Singer puts his hedge fund in competition with Warren Buffett for Oncor.


		    	                 
            UPDATE 3-Home Capital picks mortgage veteran Bissada as CEO to lead recovery
			                 
Wednesday, 12 Jul 2017 |  5:10  PM ET
July 12- Canadian lender Home Capital Group Inc on Wednesday named mortgage industry veteran Yousry Bissada as its chief executive officer, and Bissada said he expects to take about three months to draw up a plan to turn the business around. Regulators have turned their focus on risky lending amid fears of housing bubbles in Toronto and Vancouver and are...





« First


Next » | 
					Last »























































































































































Warren Buffett Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.


Warren Buffett






 
 

 
 
 













Related Authors 


Steve Jobs


Henry Ford


Bill Gates


Jim Rohn


Stephen Covey


Peter Drucker


Les Brown


John D. Rockefeller




Popular Topics 


Motivational Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Life Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Positive Quotes


Funny Quotes


Smile Quotes




More 


Top 10 Warren Buffett Quotes



Find on Amazon:
Warren Buffett

Cite this page


Language
Español
Français

About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Warren Buffett Quotes

American
-
Businessman

Born: August 30, 1930










































   Loading...







Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Warren Buffett


Inspirational,
Time,
Today
























Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Warren Buffett


Money,
Forget,
Never Forget





























Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Warren Buffett


Value,
Price,
You
























Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.
Warren Buffett


Knowledge,
Risk,
You
























In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Warren Buffett


Business,
World,
Mirror
























Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Warren Buffett


Light,
Broken,
Habit
























I always knew I was going to be rich. I don't think I ever doubted it for a minute.
Warren Buffett


Rich,
Think,
Going
























Predicting rain doesn't count. Building arks does.
Warren Buffett


Rain,
Building,
Count























It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
Warren Buffett


Reputation,
Think,
You

























Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked.
Warren Buffett


Swimming,
Tide,
You
























The investor of today does not profit from yesterday's growth.
Warren Buffett


Today,
Growth,
Yesterday
























Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.
Warren Buffett


Time,
Enemy,
Friend
























I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
Warren Buffett


Funny,
Look,
Me


























Top 10
Warren Buffett
Quotes





View the list






It's better to hang out with people better than you. Pick out associates whose behavior is better than yours and you'll drift in that direction.
Warren Buffett


People,
Direction,
Better



















It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price.
Warren Buffett


Better,
Price,
Company
























We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
Warren Buffett


Fear,
Greedy,
Only



















I bought a company in the mid-'90s called Dexter Shoe and paid $400 million for it. And it went to zero. And I gave about $400 million worth of Berkshire stock, which is probably now worth $400 billion. But I've made lots of dumb decisions. That's part of the game.
Warren Buffett


Decisions,
Game,
Shoe



















Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.
Warren Buffett


Life,
Love,
Success



















Only buy something that you'd be perfectly happy to hold if the market shut down for 10 years.
Warren Buffett


Happy,
You,
Down



















You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.
Warren Buffett


Life,
Long,
You



















Today people who hold cash equivalents feel comfortable. They shouldn't. They have opted for a terrible long-term asset, one that pays virtually nothing and is certain to depreciate in value.
Warren Buffett


Today,
Value,
People




















A public-opinion poll is no substitute for thought.
Warren Buffett


Thought,
Poll,
Substitute




























If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.
Warren Buffett


History,
Past,
Game



















Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is likely to be more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks.
Warren Buffett


Boat,
Yourself,
Energy



















I sent one e-mail in my life. I sent it to Jeff Raikes at Microsoft, and it ended up in court in Minneapolis, so I am one for one.
Warren Buffett


Life,
I Am,
My Life



















I think the most important factor in getting out of the recession actually is just the regenerative capacity of - of American capitalism.
Warren Buffett


American,
Important,
Think


































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Warren Buffett
















Related Authors



Steve Jobs




Henry Ford




Bill Gates




Jim Rohn




Stephen Covey




Peter Drucker




Les Brown




John D. Rockefeller


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote



Language:
Español | Français













   Loading...


Load more quotes






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Join Elizabeth
















































JOIN ELIZABETH'S OFFICIAL EMAIL LIST TODAY




I've spent most of my career standing up to Wall Street and working to level the playing field for middle class families. Washington is rigged for those who can hire armies of lawyers and lobbyists – and we need to fight back.

I’m fighting to put power back where it belongs — in the hands of the American people. Will you join me?


- Elizabeth







Email *


ZIP *




ADD MY NAME







ARE YOU READY TO FIGHT?









Paid for by Elizabeth for MA













Fix the following errors:Hide


​







Warren Buffett - Wikipedia




















 







Warren Buffett

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Warren Buffett



Warren Buffett in 2005



Born
Warren Edward Buffett
(1930-08-30) August 30, 1930 (age 86)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Residence
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Pennsylvania (transferred)
University of Nebraska–Lincoln (B.S.)
Columbia University (M.S.)


Occupation
Investor, business magnate, and philanthropist


Years active
1951–present


Known for
Leadership of Berkshire Hathaway with Charlie Munger


Salary
US$100,000[1]


Net worth
US$73.3 billion (May 2017)


Spouse(s)
Susan Thompson
(m. 1952; her death 2004)
Astrid Menks
(m. 2006)


Children
Susan Alice Buffett
Howard Graham Buffett
Peter Buffett


Parent(s)
Howard Buffett
Leila Stahl Buffett


Relatives
Howard Warren Buffett (grandson)


Signature





Warren Edward Buffett (/ˈbʌfᵻt/; born August 30, 1930)[2] is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world,[3][4] and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $73.3 billion.[5]
Born in Omaha, Buffett developed an interest in business and investing in his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from University of Nebraska–Lincoln at the age of 19. Buffett went on to enroll and graduate from Columbia University where he learned and eventually molded his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham–value investing. He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham. After meeting Charlie Munger, Buffett created the Buffett Partnership. His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970,[6] and his business exploits have had him referred to as the "Wizard", "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media outlets.[7][8] He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.[9]
Buffett is a notable philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent[10] of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2009, with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, Warren founded The Giving Pledge, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.[11]
He is also active in contributing to political causes, having endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election;[12] he has publicly opposed the policies, actions, and statements of the current U.S. president, Donald Trump.[13]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career

2.1 Early business career
2.2 Assuming Berkshire
2.3 As a billionaire
2.4 2007-08 financial crisis
2.5 A capitalized Berkshire


3 Investment philosophy

3.1 Index funds and active management


4 Personal life

4.1 Health


5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 Political and economic views

6.1 Health care
6.2 Taxes
6.3 Trade deficit
6.4 Dollar and gold
6.5 China
6.6 Tobacco
6.7 Coal
6.8 Renewable energy
6.9 Expensing of stock options
6.10 Technology


7 See also
8 Bibliography

8.1 Books about Buffett


9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



Early life and education
Buffett was born in 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the second of three children and the only son of Leila (née Stahl) and Congressman Howard Buffett,[14] Buffett began his education at Rose Hill Elementary School. In 1942, his father was elected to the first of four terms in the United States Congress, and after moving with his family to Washington, D.C., Warren finished elementary school, attended Alice Deal Junior High School and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1947, where his senior yearbook picture reads: "likes math; a future stockbroker."[15] After finishing high school and finding success with his side entrepreneurial and investment ventures, Buffett wanted to skip college to go directly into business, but was overruled by his father.[16][17]
Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. He was inspired by a book he borrowed from the Omaha public library at the age of seven, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000.[18] Much of Buffett's early childhood years were enlivened with entrepreneurial ventures. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school, he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps, and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[19] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in three different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a war veteran.[20]




Investor Benjamin Graham was influential on young Buffett


Buffett's interest in the stock market and investing dated to schoolboy days he spent in the customers' lounge of a regional stock brokerage near his father's own brokerage office. On a trip to New York City at age ten, he made a point to visit the New York Stock Exchange. At 11, he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred for himself, and three for his sister Doris Buffett (founder of The Sunshine Lady Foundation).[21][22][23] At the age of 15, Warren made more than $175 monthly delivering Washington Post newspapers. In high school, he invested in a business owned by his father and bought a 40-acre farm worked by a tenant farmer. He bought the land when he was 14 years old with $1,200 of his savings. By the time he finished college, Buffett had accumulated $9,800 in savings (about $99,000 today).[20][24]
In 1947, Buffett entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He would have preferred to focus on his business ventures; however, he enrolled due to pressure from his father.[20] Warren studied there for two years and joined the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity.[25] He then transferred to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where at 19, he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. After being rejected by Harvard Business School, Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University upon learning that Benjamin Graham taught there. He earned a Master of Science in Economics from Columbia in 1951. After graduating, Buffett attended the New York Institute of Finance.[26]

The basic ideas of investing are to look at stocks as business, use the market's fluctuations to your advantage, and seek a margin of safety. That's what Ben Graham taught us. A hundred years from now they will still be the cornerstones of investing.[27][28][29]
— Warren Buffett

Investment career
For more details on Warren Buffett's time at Berkshire Hathaway, see List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Early business career
Buffett worked from 1951 to 1954 at Buffett-Falk & Co. as an investment salesman; from 1954 to 1956 at Graham-Newman Corp. as a securities analyst; from 1956 to 1969 at Buffett Partnership, Ltd. as a general partner and from 1970, as Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
In April 1952, Buffett discovered that Graham was on the board of GEICO insurance. Taking a train to Washington, D.C. on a Saturday, he knocked on the door of GEICO's headquarters until a janitor admitted him. There he met Lorimer Davidson, Geico's Vice President, and the two discussed the insurance business for hours. Davidson would eventually become Buffett's lifelong friend and a lasting influence,[30] and would later recall that he found Buffett to be an "extraordinary man" after only fifteen minutes. Buffett wanted to work on Wall Street; however, both his father and Ben Graham urged him not to. He offered to work for Graham for free, but Graham refused.[31]
Buffett returned to Omaha and worked as a stockbroker while taking a Dale Carnegie public speaking course.[32] Using what he learned, he felt confident enough to teach an "Investment Principles" night class at the University of Nebraska-Omaha. The average age of his students was more than twice his own. During this time he also purchased a Sinclair Texaco gas station as a side investment. However, this was not successful.[33]
In 1952,[34] Buffett married Susan Thompson at Dundee Presbyterian Church. The next year they had their first child, Susan Alice. In 1954, Buffett accepted a job at Benjamin Graham's partnership. His starting salary was $12,000 a year (about $107,000 today).[24] There he worked closely with Walter Schloss. Graham was a tough boss. He was adamant that stocks provide a wide margin of safety after weighing the trade-off between their price and their intrinsic value. The argument made sense to Buffett but he questioned whether the criteria were too stringent and caused the company to miss out on big winners that had other appealing features.[citation needed] That same year the Buffetts had their second child, Howard Graham. In 1956, Benjamin Graham retired and closed his partnership. At this time Buffett's personal savings were over $174,000 (about $1.53 million today)[24] and he started Buffett Partnership Ltd.




Buffett's home in Omaha, Nebraska


In 1957, Buffett operated three partnerships. He purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for $31,500.[35][36] In 1958 the Buffetts' third child, Peter Andrew, was born. Buffett operated five partnerships that year. In 1959, the company grew to six partnerships and Buffett met future partner Charlie Munger. By 1960, Buffett operated seven partnerships. He asked one of his partners, a doctor, to find ten other doctors willing to invest $10,000 each in his partnership. Eventually eleven agreed, and Buffett pooled their money with a mere $100 original investment of his own. In 1961, Buffett revealed that Sanborn Map Company accounted for 35% of the partnership's assets. He explained that in 1958 Sanborn stock sold at only $45 per share when the value of the Sanborn investment portfolio was $65 per share. This meant that buyers valued Sanborn stock at "minus $20" per share and were unwilling to pay more than 70 cents on the dollar for an investment portfolio with a map business thrown in for nothing which earned him a spot on Sanborn's board.[37]
Assuming Berkshire
In 1962, Buffett became a millionaire because of his partnerships, which in January 1962 had an excess of $7,178,500, of which over $1,025,000 belonged to Buffett. He merged these partnerships into one. Buffett invested in and eventually took control of a textile manufacturing firm, Berkshire Hathaway. He began buying shares in Berkshire from Seabury Stanton, the owner, whom he later fired. Buffett's partnerships began purchasing shares at $7.60 per share. In 1965, when Buffett's partnerships began purchasing Berkshire aggressively, they paid $14.86 per share while the company had working capital of $19 per share. This did not include the value of fixed assets (factory and equipment). Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway at a board meeting and named a new president, Ken Chace, to run the company. In 1966, Buffett closed the partnership to new money. He later claimed that the textile business had been his worst trade.[38] He then moved the business into the insurance sector, and, in 1985, the last of the mills that had been the core business of Berkshire Hathaway was sold. Buffett wrote in his letter: "... unless it appears that circumstances have changed (under some conditions added capital would improve results) or unless new partners can bring some asset to the partnership other than simply capital, I intend to admit no additional partners to BPL."[citation needed]
In a second letter, Buffett announced his first investment in a private business — Hochschild, Kohn and Co, a privately owned Baltimore department store. In 1967, Berkshire paid out its first and only dividend of 10 cents.[39] In 1969, following his most successful year, Buffett liquidated the partnership and transferred their assets to his partners. Among the assets paid out were shares of Berkshire Hathaway. In 1970, Buffett began writing his now-famous annual letters to shareholders. However, he lived solely on his salary of $50,000 per year and his outside investment income. In 1979, Berkshire began the year trading at $775 per share, and ended at $1,310. Buffett's net worth reached $620 million.[citation needed]
In 1973, Berkshire began to acquire stock in the Washington Post Company. Buffett became close friends with Katharine Graham, who controlled the company and its flagship newspaper, and joined its board. In 1974, the SEC opened a formal investigation into Buffett and Berkshire's acquisition of Wesco Financial, due to possible conflict of interest. No charges were brought. In 1977, Berkshire indirectly purchased the Buffalo Evening News for $32.5 million. Antitrust charges started, instigated by its rival, the Buffalo Courier-Express. Both papers lost money, until the Courier-Express folded in 1982.
In 1979, Berkshire began to acquire stock in ABC. Capital Cities announced a $3.5 billion purchase of ABC on March 18, 1985 surprising the media industry, as ABC was four times bigger than Capital Cities at the time. Buffett helped finance the deal in return for a 25% stake in the combined company.[40] The newly merged company, known as Capital Cities/ABC (or CapCities/ABC), was forced to sell some stations due to U.S. Federal Communications Commission ownership rules. The two companies also owned several radio stations in the same markets.[41]
In 1987, Berkshire Hathaway purchased a 12% stake in Salomon Inc., making it the largest shareholder and Buffett a director. In 1990, a scandal involving John Gutfreund (former CEO of Salomon Brothers) surfaced. A rogue trader, Paul Mozer, was submitting bids in excess of what was allowed by Treasury rules. When this was brought to Gutfreund's attention, he did not immediately suspend the rogue trader. Gutfreund left the company in August 1991.[42] Buffett became Chairman of Salomon until the crisis passed.[43]
In 1988, Buffett began buying The Coca-Cola Company stock, eventually purchasing up to 7% of the company for $1.02 billion.[44] It would turn out to be one of Berkshire's most lucrative investments, and one which it still holds.[citation needed]
As a billionaire
Buffett became a paper billionaire when Berkshire Hathaway began selling class A shares on May 29, 1990, with the market closing at US$7,175 a share.[45] In 1998 he acquired General Re (Gen Re) as a subsidiary in a deal that presented difficulties—according to the Rational Walk investment website, "underwriting standards proved to be inadequate," while a "problematic derivatives book" was resolved after numerous years and a significant loss.[46] Gen Re later provided reinsurance after Buffett became involved with Maurice R. Greenberg at AIG in 2002.[47]




Buffett meets with President Barack Obama at the White House in July 2011


During a 2005 investigation of an accounting fraud case involving AIG, Gen Re executives became implicated. On March 15, 2005, the AIG board forced Greenberg to resign from his post as Chairman and CEO after New York state regulators claimed that AIG had engaged in questionable transactions and improper accounting.[48] On February 9, 2006, AIG agreed to pay a US$1.6 billion fine.[49] In 2010 the U.S. government agreed to a US$92 million settlement with Gen Re, allowing the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary to avoid prosecution in the AIG case. Gen Re also made a commitment to implement "corporate governance concessions," which required Berkshire Hathaway’s Chief Financial Officer to attend General Re’s audit committee meetings and mandated the appointment of an independent director.[46]
In 2002, Buffett entered in US$11 billion worth of forward contracts to deliver U.S. dollars against other currencies. By April 2006, his total gain on these contracts was over US$2 billion. In 2006, Buffett announced in June that he gradually would give away 85% of his Berkshire holdings to five foundations in annual gifts of stock, starting in July 2006—the largest contribution would go to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.[50]
In 2007, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett announced that he was looking for a younger successor, or perhaps successors, to run his investment business.[51] Buffett had previously selected Lou Simpson, who runs investments at Geico, to fill the role; however, Simpson is only six years younger than Buffett.[citation needed]
2007-08 financial crisis
Buffett ran into criticism during the subprime crisis of 2007–2008, part of the recession that started in 2007, that he had allocated capital too early resulting in suboptimal deals.[52] "Buy American. I am." he wrote for an opinion piece published in the New York Times in 2008.[53] Buffett called the downturn in the financial sector that started in 2007 "poetic justice".[54] Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway suffered a 77% drop in earnings during Q3 2008 and several of his later deals suffered large mark-to-market losses.[55]
Berkshire Hathaway acquired 10% perpetual preferred stock of Goldman Sachs.[56] Some of Buffett's put options (European exercise at expiry only) that he wrote (sold) were running at around $6.73 billion mark-to-market losses as of late 2008.[57] The scale of the potential loss prompted the SEC to demand that Berkshire produce, "a more robust disclosure" of factors used to value the contracts.[57] Buffett also helped Dow Chemical pay for its $18.8 billion takeover of Rohm & Haas. He thus became the single largest shareholder in the enlarged group with his Berkshire Hathaway, which provided $3 billion, underlining his instrumental role during the crisis in debt and equity markets.[58]
In 2008, Buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion[59] by Forbes and at $58 billion[60] by Yahoo, overtaking Bill Gates, who had been number one on the Forbes list for 13 consecutive years.[61] In 2009, Gates regained the top position on the Forbes list, with Buffett shifted to second place. Both of the men's values dropped, to $40 billion and $37 billion respectively—according to Forbes, Buffett lost $25 billion over a 12-month period during 2008/2009.[62]
In October 2008, the media reported that Buffett had agreed to buy General Electric (GE) preferred stock.[63] The operation included special incentives: He received an option to buy three billion shares of GE stock, at $22.25, over the five years following the agreement, and Buffett also received a 10% dividend (callable within three years). In February 2009, Buffett sold some Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson shares from his personal portfolio.[64]
In addition to suggestions of mistiming, the wisdom in keeping some of Berkshire's major holdings, including The Coca-Cola Company, which in 1998 peaked at $86, raised questions. Buffett discussed the difficulties of knowing when to sell in the company's 2004 annual report:

That may seem easy to do when one looks through an always-clean, rear-view mirror. Unfortunately, however, it's the windshield through which investors must peer, and that glass is invariably fogged.[65]

In March 2009, Buffett said in a cable television interview that the economy had "fallen off a cliff ... Not only has the economy slowed down a lot, but people have really changed their habits like I haven't seen". Additionally, Buffett feared that inflation levels that occurred in the 1970s—which led to years of painful stagflation—might re-emerge.[66][67]
A capitalized Berkshire




Buffett in 2015 at his annual Berkshire Shareholders Meeting


On August 14, 2014, the price of Berkshire Hathaway's shares hit US$200,000 a share for the first time, capitalizing the company at US$328 billion. While Buffett had given away much of his stock to charities by this time, he still held 321,000 shares worth US$64.2 billion. On August 20, 2014, Berkshire Hathaway was fined $896,000 for failing to report December 9, 2013 purchase of shares in USG Corporation as required.[68]
In 2009, Buffett invested $2.6 billion as a part of Swiss Re's campaign to raise equity capital.[69][70] Berkshire Hathaway already owned a 3% stake, with rights to own more than 20%.[71] Also in 2009, Buffett acquired Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp. for $34 billion in cash and stock. Alice Schroeder, author of Snowball, said that a key reason for the purchase was to diversify Berkshire Hathaway from the financial industry.[72] Measured by market capitalization in the Financial Times Global 500, Berkshire Hathaway was the eighteenth largest corporation in the world as of June 2009.[73]
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors,

I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.[74]

The merger with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) closed upon BNSF shareholder approval in 1Q2010. This deal was valued at approximately $34 billion and represented an increase of the previously existing stake of 22%.[citation needed]
In June 2010, Buffett defended the credit-rating agencies for their role in the US financial crisis, claiming:

Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble. That's the nature of bubbles – they're mass delusions.[75]

On March 18, 2011, Goldman Sachs was given Federal Reserve approval to buy back Berkshire's preferred stock in Goldman. Buffett had been reluctant to give up the stock, which averaged $1.4 million in dividends per day,[76][77] saying:

I'm going to be the Osama bin Laden of capitalism. I'm on my way to an unknown destination in Asia where I'm going to look for a cave. If the U.S. Armed forces can't find Osama bin Laden in 10 years, let Goldman Sachs try to find me.[78]

In November 2011, it was announced that over the course of the previous eight months, Buffett had bought 64 million shares of International Business Machine Corp (IBM) stock, worth around $11 billion. This unanticipated investment raised his stake in the company to around 5.5 percent—the largest stake in IBM alongside that of State Street Global Advisors. Buffett had said on numerous prior occasions that he would not invest in technology because he did not fully understand it, so the move came as a surprise to many investors and observers. During the interview, in which he revealed the investment to the public, Buffett stated that he was impressed by the company's ability to retain corporate clients and said, "I don't know of any large company that really has been as specific on what they intend to do and how they intend to do it as IBM."[79]

External video




 Testing Mattresses with Warren Buffett, 3:24, gatesnotes[80]



In May 2012, Buffett's acquisition of Media General, consisting of 63 newspapers in the south-eastern U.S., was announced.[81] The company was the second news print purchase made by Buffett in one year.[82]
Interim publisher James W. Hopson announced on July 18, 2013 that the Press of Atlantic City would be sold to Buffett’s BH Media Group by ABARTA, a private holding company based in Pittsburgh, U.S. At the Berkshire shareholders meeting in May 2013, Buffett explained that he did not expect to "move the needle" at Berkshire with newspaper acquisitions, but he anticipates an annual return of 10 percent. The Press of Atlantic City became Berkshire's 30th daily newspaper, following other purchases such as Virginia, U.S.' Roanoke Times and The Tulsa World in Oklahoma, U.S.[83]
During a presentation to Georgetown University students in Washington, D.C. in late September 2013, Buffett compared the U.S. Federal Reserve to a hedge fund and stated that the bank is generating "$80 billion or $90 billion a year probably" in revenue for the U.S. government. Buffett also advocated further on the issue of wealth equality in society:

We have learned to turn out lots of goods and services, but we haven’t learned as well how to have everybody share in the bounty. The obligation of a society as prosperous as ours is to figure out how nobody gets left too far behind.[84]

After the difficulties of the economic crisis, Buffett managed to bring its company back to its pre-recession standards: in Q2 2014, Berkshire Hathaway made $6.4 billion in net profit, the most it had ever made in a three-month period.[85]
Investment philosophy
Warren Buffett's writings include his annual reports and various articles. Buffett is recognized by communicators[86] as a great story-teller, as evidenced by his annual letters to shareholders. He warned about the pernicious effects of inflation:[87]

The arithmetic makes it plain that inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislatures. The inflation tax has a fantastic ability to simply consume capital. It makes no difference to a widow with her savings in a 5 percent passbook account whether she pays 100 percent income tax on her interest income during a period of zero inflation, or pays no income taxes during years of 5 percent inflation.
— Buffett, Fortune (1977)

In his article "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", Buffett rebutted the academic efficient-market hypothesis, that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance", by highlighting the results achieved by a number of students of the Graham and Dodd value investing school of thought. In addition to himself, Buffett named Walter J. Schloss, Tom Knapp, Ed Anderson (Tweedy, Browne LLC), William J. Ruane (Sequoia Fund, Inc.), Charles Munger (Buffett's own business partner at Berkshire), Rick Guerin (Pacific Partners, Ltd.), and Stan Perlmeter (Perlmeter Investments).[88] In his November 1999 Fortune article, he warned of investors' unrealistic expectations:[89]

Let me summarize what I've been saying about the stock market: I think it's very hard to come up with a persuasive case that equities will over the next 17 years perform anything like—anything like—they've performed in the past 17. If I had to pick the most probable return, from appreciation and dividends combined, that investors in aggregate—repeat, aggregate—would earn in a world of constant interest rates, 2% inflation, and those ever hurtful frictional costs, it would be 6%!
— Buffett, Fortune (1999)

Index funds and active management
Towards his later life, particularly following the global financial crisis of 2007-8, Buffett became an increasingly vocal critic of active management, i.e., mutual funds and hedge funds. Buffett is skeptical that active management and stock-picking can outperform the market in the long run, and has advised both individual and institutional investors to move their money to low-cost index funds that track broad, diversified stock market indices. Buffett said in one of his letters to shareholders that "when trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients."[90] In 2007, Buffett made a bet with numerous managers that a simple S&P 500 index fund will outperform hedge funds that charge exorbitant fees. By 2017, the index fund was outperforming every hedge fund that had made the bet against Buffett by a significant margin.[90]
Personal life




Buffett with Gary Green in 2010


In 1949, Buffett was infatuated with a young woman whose current boyfriend had a ukulele. In an attempt to compete, he bought one of the diminutive instruments and has been playing it ever since. Though the attempt was unsuccessful, his music interest was a key part of his becoming a part of Susan Thompson's life and led to their marriage. Buffett often plays the instrument at stock holder meetings and other opportunities. His love of the instrument led to the commissioning of two custom Dairy Queen ukuleles by Dave Talsma, one of which was auctioned for charity.[91]
Buffett married Susan Buffett (née Thompson) in 1952. They had three children, Susie, Howard and Peter. The couple began living separately in 1977, although they remained married until Susan Buffett's death in July 2004. Their daughter, Susie, lives in Omaha, is a national board member of Girls, Inc., and does charitable work through the Susan A. Buffett Foundation.[citation needed]
In 2006, on his 76th birthday, Buffett married his longtime companion, Astrid Menks, who was then 60 years old—she had lived with him since his wife's departure to San Francisco in 1977.[92][93] Susan had arranged for the two to meet before she left Omaha to pursue her singing career. All three were close and Christmas cards to friends were signed "Warren, Susie and Astrid".[94] Susan briefly discussed this relationship in an interview on the Charlie Rose Show shortly before her death, in a rare glimpse into Buffett's personal life.[95]
Buffett disowned his son Peter's adopted daughter, Nicole, in 2006 after she participated in the Jamie Johnson documentary The One Percent about the growing economic inequality between the wealthy and the average citizen in the United States. Although his first wife referred to Nicole as one of her "adored grandchildren",[96] Buffett wrote her a letter stating, "I have not emotionally or legally adopted you as a grandchild, nor have the rest of my family adopted you as a niece or a cousin."[97][98][99]
His 2006 annual salary was about US$100,000, which is small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.[100] In 2008, he earned a total compensation of $175,000, which included a base salary of just $100,000.[101] He continued to live in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, a fraction of today's value. He also owns a $4 million house in Laguna Beach, California.[102] In 1989, after spending nearly $6.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet, Buffett named it "The Indefensible". This act was a break from his past condemnation of extravagant purchases by other CEOs and his history of using more public transportation.[103]


“
Bridge is such a sensational game that I wouldn't mind being in jail if I had three cellmates who were decent players and who were willing to keep the game going twenty-four hours a day.
”


— Buffett on bridge[104]


Buffett is an avid bridge player, which he plays with fellow fan Gates[105]—he allegedly spends 12 hours a week playing the game.[106] In 2006, he sponsored a bridge match for the Buffett Cup. Modeled on the Ryder Cup in golf—held immediately before it in the same city—the teams are chosen by invitation, with a female team and five male teams provided by each country.[107]
He is a dedicated, lifelong follower of Nebraska football, and attends as many games as his schedule permits. He supported the hire of Bo Pelini, following the 2007 season, stating, "It was getting kind of desperate around here".[108] He watched the 2009 game against Oklahoma from the Nebraska sideline, after being named an honorary assistant coach.[109]
Buffett worked with Christopher Webber on an animated series called "Secret Millionaires Club" with chief Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment. The series features Buffett and Munger, and teaches children healthy financial habits.[110][111]
Buffett was raised as a Presbyterian, but has since described himself as agnostic.[112] In December 2006, it was reported that Buffett does not carry a mobile phone, does not have a computer at his desk, and drives his own automobile,[113] a Cadillac DTS.[114] In 2013 he had an old Nokia flip phone and had sent one email in his entire life.[115] Buffett reads five newspapers every day, beginning with the Omaha World Herald, which his company acquired in 2011.
A September 2014 Fast Company article featured Buffett's “avoid at all cost” practice, used to prioritize personal goals. Buffett advises people to first create a list of the top 25 accomplishments that they would like to complete over the next few years of their life, and to then pick the five most-important list items. Buffett stated that people need to “avoid at all cost” the initial, longer list, as it would hinder the achievement of the top-five.[116]
Buffett's speeches are known for mixing business discussions with humor. Each year, Buffett presides over Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska, an event drawing over 20,000 visitors from both United States and abroad, giving it the nickname "Woodstock of Capitalism". Berkshire's annual reports and letters to shareholders, prepared by Buffett, frequently receive coverage by the financial media. Buffett's writings are known for containing quotations from sources as varied as the Bible and Mae West,[117] as well as advice in a folksy Midwestern style and numerous jokes.
In April 2017 Buffett (an avid Coca-Cola drinker and investor in said company) agreed to have his likeness placed on cherry coke products in China. Buffett was not compensated for this advertisement.[118][119]
Health
On April 11, 2012, Buffett was diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer during a routine test.[120] He announced he would begin two months of daily radiation treatment from mid-July; however, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett said he felt "great - as if I were in my normal excellent health - and my energy level is 100 percent". On September 15, 2012, Buffett announced that he had completed the full 44-day radiation treatment cycle, saying "it's a great day for me" and "I am so glad to say that's over".[121]
Wealth and philanthropy




Buffett, Kathy Ireland and Bill Gates at the 2015 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting


In 2008 he was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of approximately US$62 billion.[122] In 2009, after donating billions of dollars to charity, Buffett was ranked as the second richest man in the United States with a net worth of US$37 billion[123][124] with only Bill Gates ranked higher than Buffett. His net worth had risen to $58.5 billion as of September 2013.[125]
In 1999, Buffett was named the top money manager of the Twentieth Century in a survey by the Carson Group, ahead of Peter Lynch and John Templeton.[126] In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in the world.[127] In 2011, President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.[128] Most recently, Buffett, along with Bill Gates, was named the most influential global thinker in Foreign Policy's 2010 report.[129]
Buffett has written several times of his belief that, in a market economy, the rich earn outsized rewards for their talents.[130] His children will not inherit a significant proportion of his wealth. He once commented, "I want to give my kids just enough so that they would feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they would feel like doing nothing".[131]
Buffett had long stated his intention to give away his fortune to charity, and in June 2006, he announced a new plan to give 83% of it to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.[132] He pledged about the equivalent of 10 million Berkshire Hathaway Class B shares to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (worth approximately US$30.7 billion as of June 23, 2006),[133] making it the largest charitable donation in history, and Buffett one of the leaders of philanthrocapitalism.[134] The foundation will receive 5% of the total each July, beginning in 2006. (The pledge is conditional upon the foundation's giving away each year, beginning in 2009, an amount that is at least equal to the value of the entire previous year's gift from Buffett, in addition to 5% of the foundation's net assets.) Buffett joined the Gates Foundation's board, but did not plan to be actively involved in the foundation's investments.[135][136]
This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.[137] The bulk of the estate of his wife, valued at $2.6 billion, went there when she died in 2004.[138] He also pledged $50 million to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in Washington, where he began serving as an adviser in 2002.[139]
In 2006, he auctioned his 2001 Lincoln Town Car[140] on eBay to raise money for Girls, Inc.[141] In 2007, he auctioned a luncheon with himself that raised a final bid of $650,100 for the Glide Foundation.[142] Later auctions raised $2,110,100,[143][144] $1.68 million[145] and $3,456,789. The winners traditionally dine with Buffett at New York's Smith and Wollensky steak house. The restaurant donates at least $10,000 to Glide each year to host the meal.[146]
On December 9, 2010, Buffett, Bill Gates, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg signed a promise they called the "Gates-Buffett Giving Pledge", in which they promise to donate to charity at least half of their wealth, and invite other wealthy people to follow suit.[11][147]
Political and economic views




Buffett and President Obama in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010


In addition to political contributions over the years, Buffett endorsed and made campaign contributions to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. On July 2, 2008, Buffett attended a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Obama's campaign in Chicago.[148] Buffett intimated that John McCain's views on social justice were so far from his own that McCain would need a "lobotomy" for Buffett to change his endorsement.[149] During the second 2008 U.S. presidential debate, McCain and Obama, after being asked first by presidential debate mediator Tom Brokaw, both mentioned Buffett as a possible future Secretary of the Treasury.[150] Later, in the third and final presidential debate, Obama mentioned Buffett as a potential economic advisor.[151] Buffett was also finance advisor to California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger during his 2003 election campaign.[152]
On December 16, 2015, Buffett endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president.[12] On August 1, 2016, Buffett challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns.[153][154] On October 10, 2016, after another reference to him in the 2nd 2016 presidential debate, Buffett released his own tax return.[155][156] He said he had paid $1.85 million in federal income taxes in 2015 on an adjusted gross income of $11.6 million, meaning he had an effective federal income tax rate of around 16 percent. Buffett also said he had made more than $2.8 billion worth of donations last year.[156] Buffett said, "I have been audited by the IRS multiple times and am currently being audited. I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump -- at least he would have no legal problem." This was a measured response to Trump saying he was unable to release his tax information due to being under audit.[156]
Health care
Buffett described the health care reform under President Barack Obama as insufficient to deal with the costs of health care in the US, though he supports its aim of expanding health insurance coverage.[157] Buffett compared health care costs to a tapeworm, saying that they compromise US economic competitiveness by increasing manufacturing costs.[157] Buffett thinks health care costs should head towards 13 to 14% of GDP.[158] (Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the CMS actuary has projected health care costs will reach almost 20% of GDP by 2020.)[159] Buffett said "If you want the very best, I mean if you want to spend a million dollars to prolong your life 3 months in a coma or something then the US is probably the best", but he also said that other countries spend much less and receive much more in health care value (visits, hospital beds, doctors and nurses per capita).[160]
Buffett faults the incentives in the United States medical industry, that payers reimburse doctors for procedures (fee-for-service) leading to unnecessary care (overutilization), instead of paying for results.[161] He cited Atul Gawande's 2009 article in the New Yorker[162] as a useful consideration of US health care, with its documentation of unwarranted variation in Medicare expenditures between McAllen, Texas and El Paso, Texas.[161] Buffett raised the problem of lobbying by the medical industry, saying that they are very focused on maintaining their income.[163]


Play media


President Obama announcing the "Buffett Rule"


Taxes
See also: Buffett Rule
Buffett stated that he only paid 19% of his income for 2006 ($48.1 million) in total federal taxes (due to their source as dividends and capital gains, although the figure excluded the taxes on that income paid by the corporations that provided it), while his employees paid 33% of theirs, despite making much less money.[164] “How can this be fair?” Buffett asked, regarding how little he pays in taxes compared to his employees. "How can this be right?" He also added, "There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."[165][166] After Donald Trump accused him of taking "massive deductions," Buffett countered, "I have copies of all 72 of my returns and none uses a carryforward."[167]
Buffett favors the inheritance tax, saying that repealing it would be like "choosing the 2020 Olympic team by picking the eldest sons of the gold-medal winners in the 2000 Olympics".[168] In 2007, Buffett testified before the Senate and urged them to preserve the estate tax so as to avoid a plutocracy.[169] Some critics argued that Buffett (through Berkshire Hathaway) has a personal interest in the continuation of the estate tax, since Berkshire Hathaway benefited from the estate tax in past business dealings and had developed and marketed insurance policies to protect policy holders against future estate tax payments.[170] Buffett believes government should not be in the business of gambling, or legalizing casinos, calling it a tax on ignorance.[171]
Trade deficit
Buffett viewed the United States' expanding trade deficit as a trend that will devalue the US dollar and US assets. He predicted that the US dollar will lose value in the long run, as a result of putting a larger portion of ownership of US assets in the hands of foreigners. In his letter to shareholders in March 2005, he predicted that in another ten years' time the net ownership of the U.S. by outsiders would amount to $11 trillion.

Americans ... would chafe at the idea of perpetually paying tribute to their creditors and owners abroad. A country that is now aspiring to an 'ownership society' will not find happiness in – and I'll use hyperbole here for emphasis – a 'sharecropping society’.

Dollar and gold
The trade deficit induced Buffett to enter the foreign currency market for the first time in 2002. He substantially reduced his stake in 2005 as changing interest rates increased the costs of holding currency contracts. Buffett remained bearish on the dollar, stating that he was looking to acquire companies with substantial foreign revenues. Buffett emphasized the non-productive aspect of a gold standard for the United States dollar in 1998 at Harvard:

It gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.

In 1977, about stocks, gold, farmland and inflation, he stated:

Stocks are probably still the best of all the poor alternatives in an era of inflation – at least they are if you buy in at appropriate prices.[172]

China
Buffett invested in PetroChina Company Limited and in a rare move, posted a commentary[173] on Berkshire Hathaway's website stating why he would not divest over its connection with the Sudanese civil war that caused Harvard to divest. He sold this stake soon afterwards, sparing him the billions of dollars he would have lost had he held on to the company in the midst of the steep drop in oil prices beginning in the summer of 2008.
In October 2008, Buffett invested $230 million for 10% of battery maker BYD Company (SEHK: 1211), which runs a subsidiary of electric automobile manufacturer BYD Auto. In less than one year, the investment reaped over 500% return.[174]
Tobacco
During the RJR Nabisco, Inc. hostile takeover fight in 1987, Buffett was quoted as telling John Gutfreund:[175]

I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.
— Buffett, quoted in Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco

Speaking at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 1994 annual meeting, Buffett said investments in tobacco are:[176]

fraught with questions that relate to societal attitudes and those of the present administration. I would not like to have a significant percentage of my net worth invested in tobacco businesses. The economy of the business may be fine, but that doesn't mean it has a bright future.
— Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting

Coal
In 2007, Buffett's PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of his MidAmerican Energy Company, canceled six proposed coal-fired power plants. These included Utah's Intermountain Power Project Unit 3, Jim Bridger Unit 5, and four proposed plants previously included in PacifiCorp's Integrated Resource Plan. The cancellations came in the wake of pressure from regulators and citizen groups.[177]
Renewable energy
American Indian tribes and salmon fishermen sought to win support from Buffett for a proposal to remove four hydroelectric dams from the Klamath River. David Sokol responded on Buffett's behalf, stating that the FERC would decide the question.[178][179]
In December 2011, Buffett's MidAmerican Energy Holdings agreed to buy a $2 billion solar energy project under development in California and a 49 percent stake in a $1.8 billion plant in Arizona, his first investments in solar power. He already owned wind farms.[180]
Expensing of stock options
He has been a strong proponent of stock option expensing on corporate Income Statements. At the 2004 annual meeting, he lambasted a bill before the United States Congress that would consider only some company-issued stock options compensation as an expense, likening the bill to one that was almost passed by the Indiana House of Representatives to change the value of Pi from 3.14159 to 3.2 through legislative fiat.[181]

When a company gives something of value to its employees in return for their services, it is clearly a compensation expense. And if expenses don't belong in the earnings statement, where in the world do they belong?[182]

Technology
In May 2012, Buffett said he had avoided buying stock in new social media companies such as Facebook and Google because it is hard to estimate future value. He also stated that initial public offering (IPO) of stock are almost always bad investments. Investors should be looking to companies that will have good value in ten years.[183]
See also

List of University of Nebraska-Lincoln people
List of Columbia University alumni
List of University of Pennsylvania people

Bibliography
Books about Buffett
In October 2008, USA Today reported at least 47 books were in print with Buffett's name in the title. The article quoted the CEO of Borders Books, George Jones, as saying that the only other living persons named in as many book titles were U.S. presidents, world political figures and the Dalai Lama.[184] Buffett said that his own personal favorite is a collection of his essays called The Essays of Warren Buffett,[185] which he described as "a coherent rearrangement of ideas from my annual report letters".[184]
Books or publications by Buffett:

The Essays of Warren Buffett : Lessons for Corporate America, Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; revised edition (April 11, 2001), ISBN 978-0-9664461-1-1
The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition, Warren E. Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; 2nd edition (April 14, 2008), ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8

Some best-selling, or otherwise notable, books about Buffett:

Carol J. Loomis, Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything, 1966-2012: A Fortune Magazine Book.
Preston Pysh, Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books.[186] (An interactive book that references http://www.buffettsbooks.com for online videos)[184]
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett, Making of an American Capitalist
Robert Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way.[184][187]
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life.[188] (Written with Buffett's cooperation.)[189]
Mary Buffett and David Clark, Buffettology[190] and four subsequent books. (Combined sales of more than 1.5 million copies.)[184]
Janet Lowe, Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor.[191]
John Train, The Midas Touch: The Strategies That Have Made Warren Buffett 'America's Preeminent Investor'.[192]
Andrew Kilpatrick, Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.[193] (The longest of the books about Buffett, with 330 chapters, 1,874 pages and 1,400 photos, weighing 10.2 pounds.)[184]
Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
John P. Reese, "The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies".[194] (Includes step-by-step stock-picking method based on Buffett's approach)
Janet M. Tavakoli, Dear Mr. Buffett: what an investor learns 1,269 miles from Wall Street, John Wiley and Sons, 2008, ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6[195]
Vahan Janjigian, Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can—and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor[196]

References


^ "Warren E Buffett, CEO Compensation". Forbes. March 30, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "Warren Buffett Biography (1930–)". Biography.com (FYI / A&E Networks). Retrieved January 28, 2016. 
^ "Ten great investors". Incademy Investor Education. Harriman House Ltd. Archived from the original on November 20, 2015. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ Farrington, Robert. "The top 10 investors of all time". The College Investor. The College Investor, LLC. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved 11 May 2017. 
^ "The Greatest Investors: Warren Buffett". Investopedia.com. Retrieved March 6, 2009. 
^ Markels, Alex (July 29, 2007). "How to Make Money the Buffett Way". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. 
^ Sullivan, Aline (December 20, 1997). "Buffett, the Sage of Omaha, Makes Value Strategy Seem Simple: Secrets of a High Plains Investor". International Herald Tribune. 
^ Gogoi, Pallavi (May 8, 2007). "What Warren Buffett might buy". MSNBC. Retrieved May 9, 2007. 
^ Buffett, Warren (June 16, 2010). "My philanthropic pledge". CNN. 
^ a b "US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ a b Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy December 16, 2015
^ PBS NewsHour (June 26, 2017). "America should stand for more than just wealth, says Warren Buffett" – via YouTube. 
^ Blair, Elliot (January 29, 2004). "Nebraska family clashes over love, money and death". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett's High School Yearbook Totally Nailed What He Would Be When He Grew Up". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-05-15. 
^ Robert G. Hagstrom. "The Warren Buffett Way". Wiley Publishers. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert (2001). The Essential Buffett: Timeless Principles for the New Economy. Wiley. p. 24. 
^ Levere, Jane (January 30, 2017). "New HBO Documentary On Warren Buffett Uses Family Photos, Home Movies To Reveal His Life Story". Forbes. Retrieved July 7, 2017. A voracious reader his entire life, at age seven he read a book he borrowed from the library, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000, and, inspired by its lessons, began selling Coca-Cola, gum and newspapers. 
^ "Buffett 'becomes world's richest'". BBC. March 6, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ a b c "Warren Buffett Timeline". About Money. Retrieved April 30, 2015. 
^ "Doris Buffett works one-on-one to help with billionaire brother's charity, May 27, 2014". csmonitor.com. Retrieved January 4, 2015. 
^ "Special Feature, April 29, 1999: Berkshire and Buffett". Fool.com. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. p. 26. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
^ a b c Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Community Development Project. "Consumer Price Index (estimate) 1800–". Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Retrieved January 2, 2017. 
^ [1], The Daily Pennsylvanian.
^ "History". www.warrenbuffett.com. Retrieved 2016-12-13. 
^ Hagstrom 2005, p. 14 Warren Buffett is now the richest man in the world with $65 billion. GE Raises $15 billion; Buffett Gets Preferred Stake (Update3)
^ Heath, Jason (April 24, 2012). "What Warren Buffett’s cancer diagnosis can teach investors". Financial Post. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Cabot Heritage Corporation (January 15, 2013). "Who is Warren Buffett? - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. p. 43. ISBN 0-385-48491-7. 
^ "Lecture at the University of Florida School of Business – Transcript (PDF document)" (PDF). Intelligent Investor. October 15, 1998. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ ""Person to Person": Warren Buffett". CBS News. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2008). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell. p. 169. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Schudel, Matt (July 30, 2004). "Susan T. Buffett, 72, Dies; Wife of Billionaire Investor". The Washington Post. p. B06. Retrieved July 13, 2009. 
^ "Billionaire Houses". Retrieved October 20, 2016. 
^ Poppick, Susie (May 1, 2016). "This Is How Much It Costs to Live Next Door to Warren Buffett". Time. Retrieved October 1, 2016. 
^ "The Evolution of Warren Buffett's Career from 1936 to 2013". The Value Investing Blog of Old School Value. 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2017-02-04. 
^ Buffett's Worst Trade. CNBC. October 18, 2010. 
^ Graham Kenny (3 August 2009). Diversification Strategy: How to Grow a Business by Diversifying Successfully. Kogan Page Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 978-0-7494-5833-1. 
^ Kleinfield, N.R. "ABC is being sold for $3.5 billion; 1st network sale". The New York Times, March 19, 1985.
^ "FCC approval of Capcities/ABC deal likely". Broadcasting, March 25, 1985.
^ "Inaction Can be as Dangerous as Bad Action, Aly Gonenne, Class of 2004, Duke Leadership Development Initiative". Mbaa.fuqua.duke.edu. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Redirecting Archived March 8, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Learn About the Life and Business of Billionaire, Warren Buffett". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-03-03. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway Inc. historical prices". Google Finance. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ a b "General Re Settlement in AIG Case Closes Difficult Chapter". The Rational Walk. The Rational Walk. January 21, 2010. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Warren E. Buffett (February 21, 2003). "Berkshire’s Corporate Performance vs. the S&P 500" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Diane Brady, Marcia Vickers, Mike McNamee (April 10, 2005). "AIG: What Went Wrong". Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved August 16, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "AIG to Pay $800 Million to Settle Securities Fraud Charges by SEC; Over $1.6 billion to be Paid to Resolve Federal and New York State Actions". Securities and Exchange Commission. February 9, 2006. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. 
^ "HELP WANTED: Warren Buffett Replacement". ABC News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Crippen, Alex. "WSJ to Warren Buffett: "Time to Get a New Crystal Ball"". CNBC. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (October 16, 2008). "Buy American. I am.". The New York Times. Retrieved December 25, 2012. 
^ Dabrowski, Wojtek (February 7, 2008). "Buffett: Bank woes are "poetic justice"". Reuters. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Even Buffett Can't Escape Markets, Storms; Berkshire Profit Falls 77%". Insurance Journal. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ Press Release. "Berkshire Hathaway to Invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs". Goldman Sachs. Archived from the original on December 20, 2008. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (November 24, 2008). "Buffett to disclose more on derivatives". Reuters. Retrieved November 27, 2008. 
^ Fontanella, James (July 11, 2008). "ftalphaville.ft.com, Buffett helps Dow pay $19bn for R&H". Financial Times. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "#1 Warren Buffett". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Buffett overtakes Gates to top new Forbes list". Reuters. October 10, 2008. Archived from the original on October 14, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "#2 Warren Buffett – The World's Billionaires 2009". Forbes. February 13, 2009. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Clark, Andrew (October 1, 2008). "Warren Buffett to buy $3bn of General Electric preferred stock". The Guardian. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway unloads J&J and P&G". Financial Express. February 17, 2009. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Schroeder, Alice The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life ISBN 0-553-80509-6 Bantam Sept 2008
^ Josh Funk, "Buffett says nation will face higher unemployment", AP on Seattle Times, March 9, 2009. Retrieved November 28, 2010.
^ "Buffett: The economy has 'fallen off a cliff'", MSN.com, March 9, 2009 . Retrieved April 3, 2009.
^ Stempel, Jonathan (August 20, 2014) UPDATE 3-U.S. fines Berkshire over stock deal, Buffett admits mistake. Reuters.com. Retrieved August 21, 2014.
^ Lionel Laurent (February 5, 2009). "Buffett Sinks Billions Into Swiss Re". Forbes. 
^ Jolly, David (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re Gets $2.6 billion From Berkshire Hathaway". The New York Times. 
^ Haig Simonian, Francesco Guerrera (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re turns to Buffett for new funding". The Financial Times. 
^ "Alice Schroeder on Buffett and BNI; Which Company Will Berkshire Hathaway Acquire Next?". GuruFocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ FTGlobal500.pdf June 2009,FT.com
^ "Warren Buffett’s Multi-Billion Mistake with ConocoPhillips (COP)". Gurufocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Credit rating agencies not to blame for crisis says Buffett". Insideireland.ie. June 3, 2010. Archived from the original on August 2, 2012. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Berkshire Will Not Exercise Goldman Sachs Warrants Immediately". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Harper, Christine (March 18, 2011). "Goldman Sachs to Pay $5.65 billion to Redeem Buffett’s Stake". Business Week. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Where Will Warren Buffett Hide From Goldman Sachs?". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ "Buffett sheds tech aversion with big IBM investment". Reuters. November 14, 2011. 
^ "Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs". MarketWatch. Dow Jones & Company. June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 9, 2017. 
^ "Warren Buffett invests in Media General newspapers". BBC News. May 17, 2012. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (May 17, 2012). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys Media General newspaper group". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Crippen, Alex (July 18, 2013). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bets on Atlantic City". CNBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ Buhayar, Noah (September 20, 2013). "Buffett Calls Federal Reserve History’s Greatest Hedge Fund". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ "Warren Buffett’s firm just made the most money ever in a single quarter". August 2, 2014. 
^ Lou Hoffman, The Hoffman Agency. "Startup lessons learned from Warren Buffett." April 13, 2010. Retrieved, April 16, 2010.
^ How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor, Warren Buffett, Fortune, May 1977
^ "Official Buffett Biography to Hit Shelves". The New York Times. August 12, 2008. Retrieved August 15, 2008. 
^ Warren Buffett; Carol Loomis (November 22, 1999). "Mr. Buffett on the Stock Market". Fortune. 
^ a b "Warren Buffett, 'Oracle of Omaha', criticizes Wall Street and praises immigrants". Reuters via the Guardian. 25 February 2017. 
^ Yates, Chelsea. "The Billionaire and the Ukulele". Hear Nebraska. 
^ Bailey, Jeff; Dash, Eric (September 1, 2006). "How Does Warren Buffett Get Married? Frugally, It Turns Out". The New York Times. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Brian Goodman (August 31, 2006). "Wedding Bells For Warren Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. Random House. ISBN 0-8129-7927-3. 
^ "Susan Buffett in Her Own Words: Conversations with Charlie Rose". Bookworm Omaha. Archived from the original on December 23, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008.  Also freely available at Hulu.
^ The Rich Man's Michael Moore Wall Street Journal, Robert Frank. February 23, 2008
^ Goodman, Leah McGrath (December 2008). "The Billionaire's Black Sheep". Marie Claire. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Nichols, Michelle (February 21, 2008). "Documentary on wealth gap divides Buffett family". Reuters. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2009). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Random House. pp. 656–657. ISBN 978-0-553-38461-1.  Excerpt available at Google Books.
^ Smith, Rich (June 29, 2005). "Stupid CEO Tricks". Motley Fool. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Warren E. Buffett, Equilar Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Chairman's Letter 1989". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Owen, David (September 17, 2007). "Turning Tricks: The rise and fall of contract bridge.". The New Yorker. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ Moore, Martha T. (December 19, 2005). "Billionaires bank on bridge to trump poker". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Blackstone, John (February 17, 2008). "Bringing Back Bridge". CBS News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Doreen MacMillan (October 5, 2012). "Bridge Scene: United States team secures the 2012 Warren Buffett Cup". Collier Citizen. Scripps Media Inc. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "The Varsity Zone Talks Football with Warren Buffett". YouTube. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Sherman, Mitch (November 7, 2009). "From the sidelines: Can some of these guys suit up?". Omaha World-Herald.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Warren Buffett, Martha Stewart, Gisele Bündchen, and Kosmos Featuring Carl Sagan Headline New Slate of Purpose-Driven Entertainment for Children. Business Wire. July 24, 2009. Archived from the original on October 5, 2015. 
^ "CNBC TRANSCRIPT: Warren Buffett's 'Secret Millionaire's Club' Live Interview on Squawk Box". CNBC. 
^ Wired article Faces of the New Atheism: The Scribe published November 2006. Retrieved November 10, 2009.
^ "How Warren Buffett made his billions". Rediff.com. December 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Taylor III, Alex (June 4, 2006). "Buffett backs GM – and buys a Caddy". CNN. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Piers Morgan (October 22, 2013). "Warren Buffett on cell phones, email, and material goods". CNN. Retrieved November 11, 2014. 
^ Vivian Giang (September 3, 2014). "4 ODD YET EFFECTIVE WAYS THE SMARTEST PEOPLE PRIORITIZE THEIR DAYS". Fast Company. Mansueto Ventures, LLC. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "Chairman's Letter—1993". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "How billionaire Warren Buffett became the face of Cherry Coke in China". ABC News. 2017-04-05. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ France-Presse, Agence (2017-04-05). "Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Cherry Coke in China". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer". BBC News. Retrieved December 27, 2015. 
^ Sam Ro (September 15, 2012). "Warren Buffett Completes Cancer Treatments". Business Insider. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Boyle, Christina (October 1, 2009). "Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Christy Walton top 2009's 'Forbes 400: Richest Americans' list". Daily News. New York. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett signs over $30.7B to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation". USA Today. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "The Forbes 400: The Richest People In America". Forbes. Retrieved June 29, 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffett and Peter Lynch Voted Top Money Managers of the Century". Business Wire. November 22, 1999. Archived from the original on December 9, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Cramer, James J. (April 19, 2003). "Warren Buffett". TIME. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Julianna Goldman (February 15, 2011). "Obama Honors Buffett, George H.W. Bush With Medal of Freedom". Bloomberg. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers". Foreign Policy. November 29, 2010. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor", Warren E. Buffett, Fortune May 1977 #
^ An Exclusive Hour with Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates. Charlie Rose. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. Retrieved December 22, 2015. 
^ "Gates: Buffett gift may help cure worst diseases". MSNBC. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "The birth of philanthrocapitalism". The Economist. February 23, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and STEPHANIE SAUL (June 26, 2006). "Buffett to Give Bulk of His Fortune to Gates Charity". The New York Times. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Yuki Noguchi (June 26, 2006). "Gates Foundation to Get Bulk of Buffett's Fortune". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ Carol J. Loomis (June 25, 2006). "A conversation with Warren Buffett". Fortune. 
^ "Most of Susan Buffett Estate to Go to Foundation". The Foundation Center. August 11, 2004. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "America's Most-Generous Donors, Rank: 1 Warren E. Buffett, Chronicle of Philanthropy". Philanthropy.com. February 22, 2007. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Chapnick, Nate. "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Archived from the original on June 4, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "girls-inc". eBay. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Lindsay Goldwert (July 1, 2007). "Lunch With Warren Buffett? $650,100, Charity Auction Winner Bids Big Money For Steak Lunch With Billionaire Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Zuill, Lilla (June 28, 2008). "uk.reuters.com, Warren Buffett lunch sells for record $2.11 mln". Uk.reuters.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "cnbc.com, Warren Buffett Charity Lunch Auction Ends with High Bid of $2,110,100". Cnbc.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Funk, Josh (June 6, 2010). "Buffett hopes lunch auction again draws big bids". Associated Press. Archived from the original on June 8, 2010. Retrieved June 7, 2010. 
^ "Cost to lunch with Warren Buffett: $3.5 million". Yahoo! News. June 9, 2012. 
^ Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Archived from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 
^ Michael Luo and Christopher Drew (July 3, 2008). "Obama Picks Up Fund-Raising Pace". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ ""Squawk Box" Transcript: Becky Quick Sits Down with Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett". CNBC. Retrieved September 12, 2008. 
^ "Transcript of second McCain, Obama debate". CNN. October 10, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "Obama appoints Buffett as economic adviser". Reuters. November 7, 2008. Archived from the original on July 24, 2013. 
^ USA Today: Schwarzenegger taps Buffett as finance advisor August 14, 2003
^ Haskell, John; Hansler, Jennifer (August 1, 2016). "Warren Buffett Challenges Trump to Show Tax Returns, Says He's 'Afraid'". ABC News. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump says general election may be ‘rigged’". Los Angeles Times. August 1, 2016. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Transcript of the Second Debate". The New York Times. 2016-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b c "Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump". Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  6 minutes in.
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  7 minutes in.
^ Keehan SP, Sisko AM, Truffer CJ, et al. (August 2011). "National health spending projections through 2020: economic recovery and reform drive faster spending growth". Health Aff (Millwood). 30 (8): 1594–605. PMID 21798885. doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2011.0662. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  4 minutes in.
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  9 to 10 minutes in.
^ Atul Gawande (June 1, 2009). "The Cost Conundrum – What a Texas town can teach us about health care". The New Yorker. Retrieved June 29, 2011. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  11 minutes in.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes: 24, 42–3. November 26, 2007. 
^ Ben Stein, "In Class Warfare, Guess Which Class Is Winning", New York Times, November 26, 2006
^ Dave Zweifel, "Plain Talk: There's Class War, and Rich Are Winning", The Cap Times, October 6, 2010
^ Pramuck, Jacob. "Warren Buffett fires back at Donald Trump's comments about his taxes." CNBC. 10 October 2016. 10 October 2016.
^ "Rich Americans back inheritance tax". BBC. February 14, 2001. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Jim Snyder (November 15, 2007). "Buffett tells Senate Finance panel 'dynastic' wealth on the rise in U.S.". The Hill (newspaper). Archived from the original on November 20, 2007. 
^ Berlau, John (August 23, 2004). "Buffetted. The Sage of Omaha loves the estate tax – as well he might". National Review. FindArticles. 
^ Ackman, Dan (October 11, 2004). "America, The Casino Nation". Forbes. Archived from the original on April 13, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren (May 1977). "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor". Fortune. 
^ "Shareholder Proposal Regarding Berkshire's Investment In PetroChina" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Warren Buffett's 500% Return from BYD: The Show Just Begun?". ChinaStakes. Retrieved September 16, 2009. 
^ Burrough, Bryan; Helyar, John (1990). Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-06-016172-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Jenell Wallace (April 25, 1994). "Warren Buffett Cools on His Attraction to Tobacco Business". Legacy Tobacco Documents Library, University of California San Diego Library. Bloomberg. 
^ "Utah Petition Encouraging Energy Diversification" (PDF). Public Service Commission of Utah. July 28, 2007. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 9, 2013. 
^ Josh Funk (May 3, 2008). "Buffett again rebuffs advocates who want Klamath dams out". USA Today. 
^ Bacher, Dan (May 1, 2009). "Klamath Dam Removal Advocates Call on Buffett’s Company To Close the Deal". Indybay.org. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Marc Roca and Ehren Goossens (December 20, 2011). "BP Deems Solar Unprofitable, Exiting Business After 40 Years". Bloomberg. 
^ "Warren Buffett, Fuzzy Math And Stock Options ". The Washington Post. July 6, 2004. p. A19. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (July 24, 2002). "Warren E. Buffett, Who Really Cooks the Books?". The New York Times. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Buffett on Facebook and Google: hard to estimate future valu". Chicago Sun-Times. Associated Press. May 7, 2012. Retrieved May 7, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Del Jones, "Book titles like to play the Warren Buffett name game," USA Today, October 22, 2008.
^ Buffett, Warren; Cunningham, Lawrence. The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition. The Cunningham Group. ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Pysh, Preston. Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books: A guide to the Intelligent Investor, Security Analysis, and the Wealth of Nations. Pylon Publishing Company. ISBN 978-0-98296-762-1. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert G.; Miller, Bill R.; Fisher, Ken (2005). The Warren Buffett Way. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley. ISBN 0-471-74367-4. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Schroeder, Alice. The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell Pub Group 2008. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Janet Maslin, "Books of The Times: The Richest Man and How He Grew (and Grew His Company, Too)," New York Times, September 28, 2008.
^ Buffett, Mary; Clark, David. Buffettology: The Previously Unexplained Techniques That Have Made Warren Buffett The World's Most Famous Investor. Scribner. ISBN 978-0-684-84821-1. 
^ Lowe, Janet. Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-15262-1. 
^ Train, John (1987). The midas touch: the strategies that have made Warren Buffett America's pre-eminent investor. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 978-0-06-015643-5. 
^ Kilpatrick, Andrew. Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett/2008 Cosmic Edition/2 volumes. Andy Kilpatrick Publishing Empire (AKPE). ISBN 978-1-57864-455-1. 
^ Reese, John P.; Jack Forehand (2009). The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-37709-3. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet (January 9, 2009). Dear Mr. Buffett: What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street. Wiley. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6. 
^ Janjigian, Vahan (May 1, 2008). Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can--and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor. Penguin. ISBN 9781440631474. 


Further reading

Schwartz, Mattathias (January 2010). "The Church of Warren Buffett". Harper's. 320 (1916): 27–35. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Warren Buffett





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Warren Buffett.



Berkshire Hathaway official website
The Buffett
Buffett Partnership Letters
"Warren Buffett's Letters to Shareholders". Berkshire Hathaway. 
Berkshire Hathaway SEC 13F Filings
Appearances on C-SPAN
Warren Buffett on Charlie Rose
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The Guardian.  
Works by or about Warren Buffett in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Stempel, Jonathan (February 12, 2008). "FACTBOX: Warren Buffett at a glance". Reuters. 



Honorary titles


Preceded by
Ingvar Kamprad
World's richest person
?–1995
Succeeded by
Bill Gates


Preceded by
Bill Gates
World's richest person
2008–2009








v
t
e


Graham Holdings Company



Corporate staff



Donald E. Graham (COB & CEO)





Kaplan, Inc.



Concord Law School
Dev Bootcamp
Dublin Business School
Kaplan Financial Ltd
Kaplan Law School
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan University
Schweser





Television stations




NBC affiliates



KPRC
WDIV
WSLS





ABC affiliate



KSAT





CBS affiliate



WKMG





CW affiliate



WCWJ





Independent station



WJXT








The Slate Group



Foreign Policy
Panoply Media
Slate












v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category












v
t
e


Buffett family



First generation



Howard H. Buffett

m. Leila Stahl Buffett







Second generation

Doris Buffett

Warren Buffett

m. 1st Susan T. Buffett
m. 2nd Astrid Menks


Roberta Buffett Elliott





Third generation



Children of Warren Buffett
Susan A. Buffett




m. Allen Greenberg




Howard G. Buffett




m. 1st Marcia Sue Duncan
m. 2nd Devon Morse




Peter Buffett




m. 1st Mary Buffet
m. 2nd Jennifer Buffett







Fourth generation



Children of Howard G. Buffett
Howard W. Buffett (m. Lili T. Buffett)


Step-children of Peter Buffett
Nicole Buffett
Erica Buffett





Companies and organizations



Berkshire Hathaway
Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation
Sherwood Foundation
Howard G. Buffett Foundation
NoVo Foundation
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars










Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 121622610
LCCN: n85256764
ISNI: 0000 0001 2149 5004
GND: 119261855
SELIBR: 387113
SUDOC: 050292668
BNF: cb13509178t (data)
NDL: 00722597
NKC: vse2005270947
BNE: XX1306624










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Warren_Buffett&oldid=791386992"					
Categories: 1930 births20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican agnosticsAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican salespeopleAmerican stockbrokersAmerican stock tradersAmerican venture capitalistsBerkshire Hathaway employeesBill & Melinda Gates Foundation peopleBuffett familyBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaBusinesspeople from NebraskaColumbia Business School alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayDirectors of The Coca-Cola CompanyEquity securitiesGiving PledgersGrinnell College peopleLiving peopleNebraska DemocratsPeople with cancerPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsStock and commodity market managersTechnical analystsThe Washington Post peopleUniversity of Nebraska–Lincoln alumniWoodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمازِرونیBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray吴语ייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.




















BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.



BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.3555 Farnam StreetOmaha, NE 68131Official Home Page 








A Message From Warren E. Buffett



News Releases Updated July 10, 2017



Annual & Interim Reports Updated May 5, 2017


Warren Buffett's Letters to Berkshire 
        Shareholders Updated February 25, 2017



Special Letters From Warren & Charlie RE:Past, Present and Future 


Charlie Munger's Letters to Wesco Shareholders




Link 
        to SEC Filings 


Annual Meeting Information 



Links to Berkshire Subsidiary 
        Companies 


Celebrating 50 Years of a Profitable Partnership(A commemorative book first sold at the 2015 Annual Meeting and now for sale on eBay.)
				 



Corporate Governance 


Comparative Rights and Relative Prices of 
        Class A and B Stock 



Owner's Manual


Berkshire Activewear 
         



Letters from Warren E. Buffett 
        Regarding Pledges to Make Gifts of Berkshire Stock








FOR A FREE CAR INSURANCE RATE QUOTE THAT 
COULD SAVE YOU SUBSTANTIAL MONEYWWW.GEICO.COM OR CALL 
1-888-395-6349, 24 HOURS A DAY



If you have any comments about our WEB page, you can 
write us at the address shown above.  However, due to 
the limited number of personnel in our corporate office, we are unable to 
provide a direct response.


Legal Disclaimer 

Copyright © 1978-2017 Berkshire Hathaway Inc.




Warren Buffett - Wikipedia




















 







Warren Buffett

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Warren Buffett



Warren Buffett in 2005



Born
Warren Edward Buffett
(1930-08-30) August 30, 1930 (age 86)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Residence
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Pennsylvania (transferred)
University of Nebraska–Lincoln (B.S.)
Columbia University (M.S.)


Occupation
Investor, business magnate, and philanthropist


Years active
1951–present


Known for
Leadership of Berkshire Hathaway with Charlie Munger


Salary
US$100,000[1]


Net worth
US$73.3 billion (May 2017)


Spouse(s)
Susan Thompson
(m. 1952; her death 2004)
Astrid Menks
(m. 2006)


Children
Susan Alice Buffett
Howard Graham Buffett
Peter Buffett


Parent(s)
Howard Buffett
Leila Stahl Buffett


Relatives
Howard Warren Buffett (grandson)


Signature





Warren Edward Buffett (/ˈbʌfᵻt/; born August 30, 1930)[2] is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world,[3][4] and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $73.3 billion.[5]
Born in Omaha, Buffett developed an interest in business and investing in his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from University of Nebraska–Lincoln at the age of 19. Buffett went on to enroll and graduate from Columbia University where he learned and eventually molded his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham–value investing. He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham. After meeting Charlie Munger, Buffett created the Buffett Partnership. His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970,[6] and his business exploits have had him referred to as the "Wizard", "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media outlets.[7][8] He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.[9]
Buffett is a notable philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent[10] of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2009, with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, Warren founded The Giving Pledge, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.[11]
He is also active in contributing to political causes, having endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election;[12] he has publicly opposed the policies, actions, and statements of the current U.S. president, Donald Trump.[13]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career

2.1 Early business career
2.2 Assuming Berkshire
2.3 As a billionaire
2.4 2007-08 financial crisis
2.5 A capitalized Berkshire


3 Investment philosophy

3.1 Index funds and active management


4 Personal life

4.1 Health


5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 Political and economic views

6.1 Health care
6.2 Taxes
6.3 Trade deficit
6.4 Dollar and gold
6.5 China
6.6 Tobacco
6.7 Coal
6.8 Renewable energy
6.9 Expensing of stock options
6.10 Technology


7 See also
8 Bibliography

8.1 Books about Buffett


9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



Early life and education
Buffett was born in 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the second of three children and the only son of Leila (née Stahl) and Congressman Howard Buffett,[14] Buffett began his education at Rose Hill Elementary School. In 1942, his father was elected to the first of four terms in the United States Congress, and after moving with his family to Washington, D.C., Warren finished elementary school, attended Alice Deal Junior High School and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1947, where his senior yearbook picture reads: "likes math; a future stockbroker."[15] After finishing high school and finding success with his side entrepreneurial and investment ventures, Buffett wanted to skip college to go directly into business, but was overruled by his father.[16][17]
Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. He was inspired by a book he borrowed from the Omaha public library at the age of seven, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000.[18] Much of Buffett's early childhood years were enlivened with entrepreneurial ventures. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school, he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps, and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[19] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in three different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a war veteran.[20]




Investor Benjamin Graham was influential on young Buffett


Buffett's interest in the stock market and investing dated to schoolboy days he spent in the customers' lounge of a regional stock brokerage near his father's own brokerage office. On a trip to New York City at age ten, he made a point to visit the New York Stock Exchange. At 11, he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred for himself, and three for his sister Doris Buffett (founder of The Sunshine Lady Foundation).[21][22][23] At the age of 15, Warren made more than $175 monthly delivering Washington Post newspapers. In high school, he invested in a business owned by his father and bought a 40-acre farm worked by a tenant farmer. He bought the land when he was 14 years old with $1,200 of his savings. By the time he finished college, Buffett had accumulated $9,800 in savings (about $99,000 today).[20][24]
In 1947, Buffett entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He would have preferred to focus on his business ventures; however, he enrolled due to pressure from his father.[20] Warren studied there for two years and joined the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity.[25] He then transferred to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where at 19, he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. After being rejected by Harvard Business School, Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University upon learning that Benjamin Graham taught there. He earned a Master of Science in Economics from Columbia in 1951. After graduating, Buffett attended the New York Institute of Finance.[26]

The basic ideas of investing are to look at stocks as business, use the market's fluctuations to your advantage, and seek a margin of safety. That's what Ben Graham taught us. A hundred years from now they will still be the cornerstones of investing.[27][28][29]
— Warren Buffett

Investment career
For more details on Warren Buffett's time at Berkshire Hathaway, see List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Early business career
Buffett worked from 1951 to 1954 at Buffett-Falk & Co. as an investment salesman; from 1954 to 1956 at Graham-Newman Corp. as a securities analyst; from 1956 to 1969 at Buffett Partnership, Ltd. as a general partner and from 1970, as Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
In April 1952, Buffett discovered that Graham was on the board of GEICO insurance. Taking a train to Washington, D.C. on a Saturday, he knocked on the door of GEICO's headquarters until a janitor admitted him. There he met Lorimer Davidson, Geico's Vice President, and the two discussed the insurance business for hours. Davidson would eventually become Buffett's lifelong friend and a lasting influence,[30] and would later recall that he found Buffett to be an "extraordinary man" after only fifteen minutes. Buffett wanted to work on Wall Street; however, both his father and Ben Graham urged him not to. He offered to work for Graham for free, but Graham refused.[31]
Buffett returned to Omaha and worked as a stockbroker while taking a Dale Carnegie public speaking course.[32] Using what he learned, he felt confident enough to teach an "Investment Principles" night class at the University of Nebraska-Omaha. The average age of his students was more than twice his own. During this time he also purchased a Sinclair Texaco gas station as a side investment. However, this was not successful.[33]
In 1952,[34] Buffett married Susan Thompson at Dundee Presbyterian Church. The next year they had their first child, Susan Alice. In 1954, Buffett accepted a job at Benjamin Graham's partnership. His starting salary was $12,000 a year (about $107,000 today).[24] There he worked closely with Walter Schloss. Graham was a tough boss. He was adamant that stocks provide a wide margin of safety after weighing the trade-off between their price and their intrinsic value. The argument made sense to Buffett but he questioned whether the criteria were too stringent and caused the company to miss out on big winners that had other appealing features.[citation needed] That same year the Buffetts had their second child, Howard Graham. In 1956, Benjamin Graham retired and closed his partnership. At this time Buffett's personal savings were over $174,000 (about $1.53 million today)[24] and he started Buffett Partnership Ltd.




Buffett's home in Omaha, Nebraska


In 1957, Buffett operated three partnerships. He purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for $31,500.[35][36] In 1958 the Buffetts' third child, Peter Andrew, was born. Buffett operated five partnerships that year. In 1959, the company grew to six partnerships and Buffett met future partner Charlie Munger. By 1960, Buffett operated seven partnerships. He asked one of his partners, a doctor, to find ten other doctors willing to invest $10,000 each in his partnership. Eventually eleven agreed, and Buffett pooled their money with a mere $100 original investment of his own. In 1961, Buffett revealed that Sanborn Map Company accounted for 35% of the partnership's assets. He explained that in 1958 Sanborn stock sold at only $45 per share when the value of the Sanborn investment portfolio was $65 per share. This meant that buyers valued Sanborn stock at "minus $20" per share and were unwilling to pay more than 70 cents on the dollar for an investment portfolio with a map business thrown in for nothing which earned him a spot on Sanborn's board.[37]
Assuming Berkshire
In 1962, Buffett became a millionaire because of his partnerships, which in January 1962 had an excess of $7,178,500, of which over $1,025,000 belonged to Buffett. He merged these partnerships into one. Buffett invested in and eventually took control of a textile manufacturing firm, Berkshire Hathaway. He began buying shares in Berkshire from Seabury Stanton, the owner, whom he later fired. Buffett's partnerships began purchasing shares at $7.60 per share. In 1965, when Buffett's partnerships began purchasing Berkshire aggressively, they paid $14.86 per share while the company had working capital of $19 per share. This did not include the value of fixed assets (factory and equipment). Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway at a board meeting and named a new president, Ken Chace, to run the company. In 1966, Buffett closed the partnership to new money. He later claimed that the textile business had been his worst trade.[38] He then moved the business into the insurance sector, and, in 1985, the last of the mills that had been the core business of Berkshire Hathaway was sold. Buffett wrote in his letter: "... unless it appears that circumstances have changed (under some conditions added capital would improve results) or unless new partners can bring some asset to the partnership other than simply capital, I intend to admit no additional partners to BPL."[citation needed]
In a second letter, Buffett announced his first investment in a private business — Hochschild, Kohn and Co, a privately owned Baltimore department store. In 1967, Berkshire paid out its first and only dividend of 10 cents.[39] In 1969, following his most successful year, Buffett liquidated the partnership and transferred their assets to his partners. Among the assets paid out were shares of Berkshire Hathaway. In 1970, Buffett began writing his now-famous annual letters to shareholders. However, he lived solely on his salary of $50,000 per year and his outside investment income. In 1979, Berkshire began the year trading at $775 per share, and ended at $1,310. Buffett's net worth reached $620 million.[citation needed]
In 1973, Berkshire began to acquire stock in the Washington Post Company. Buffett became close friends with Katharine Graham, who controlled the company and its flagship newspaper, and joined its board. In 1974, the SEC opened a formal investigation into Buffett and Berkshire's acquisition of Wesco Financial, due to possible conflict of interest. No charges were brought. In 1977, Berkshire indirectly purchased the Buffalo Evening News for $32.5 million. Antitrust charges started, instigated by its rival, the Buffalo Courier-Express. Both papers lost money, until the Courier-Express folded in 1982.
In 1979, Berkshire began to acquire stock in ABC. Capital Cities announced a $3.5 billion purchase of ABC on March 18, 1985 surprising the media industry, as ABC was four times bigger than Capital Cities at the time. Buffett helped finance the deal in return for a 25% stake in the combined company.[40] The newly merged company, known as Capital Cities/ABC (or CapCities/ABC), was forced to sell some stations due to U.S. Federal Communications Commission ownership rules. The two companies also owned several radio stations in the same markets.[41]
In 1987, Berkshire Hathaway purchased a 12% stake in Salomon Inc., making it the largest shareholder and Buffett a director. In 1990, a scandal involving John Gutfreund (former CEO of Salomon Brothers) surfaced. A rogue trader, Paul Mozer, was submitting bids in excess of what was allowed by Treasury rules. When this was brought to Gutfreund's attention, he did not immediately suspend the rogue trader. Gutfreund left the company in August 1991.[42] Buffett became Chairman of Salomon until the crisis passed.[43]
In 1988, Buffett began buying The Coca-Cola Company stock, eventually purchasing up to 7% of the company for $1.02 billion.[44] It would turn out to be one of Berkshire's most lucrative investments, and one which it still holds.[citation needed]
As a billionaire
Buffett became a paper billionaire when Berkshire Hathaway began selling class A shares on May 29, 1990, with the market closing at US$7,175 a share.[45] In 1998 he acquired General Re (Gen Re) as a subsidiary in a deal that presented difficulties—according to the Rational Walk investment website, "underwriting standards proved to be inadequate," while a "problematic derivatives book" was resolved after numerous years and a significant loss.[46] Gen Re later provided reinsurance after Buffett became involved with Maurice R. Greenberg at AIG in 2002.[47]




Buffett meets with President Barack Obama at the White House in July 2011


During a 2005 investigation of an accounting fraud case involving AIG, Gen Re executives became implicated. On March 15, 2005, the AIG board forced Greenberg to resign from his post as Chairman and CEO after New York state regulators claimed that AIG had engaged in questionable transactions and improper accounting.[48] On February 9, 2006, AIG agreed to pay a US$1.6 billion fine.[49] In 2010 the U.S. government agreed to a US$92 million settlement with Gen Re, allowing the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary to avoid prosecution in the AIG case. Gen Re also made a commitment to implement "corporate governance concessions," which required Berkshire Hathaway’s Chief Financial Officer to attend General Re’s audit committee meetings and mandated the appointment of an independent director.[46]
In 2002, Buffett entered in US$11 billion worth of forward contracts to deliver U.S. dollars against other currencies. By April 2006, his total gain on these contracts was over US$2 billion. In 2006, Buffett announced in June that he gradually would give away 85% of his Berkshire holdings to five foundations in annual gifts of stock, starting in July 2006—the largest contribution would go to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.[50]
In 2007, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett announced that he was looking for a younger successor, or perhaps successors, to run his investment business.[51] Buffett had previously selected Lou Simpson, who runs investments at Geico, to fill the role; however, Simpson is only six years younger than Buffett.[citation needed]
2007-08 financial crisis
Buffett ran into criticism during the subprime crisis of 2007–2008, part of the recession that started in 2007, that he had allocated capital too early resulting in suboptimal deals.[52] "Buy American. I am." he wrote for an opinion piece published in the New York Times in 2008.[53] Buffett called the downturn in the financial sector that started in 2007 "poetic justice".[54] Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway suffered a 77% drop in earnings during Q3 2008 and several of his later deals suffered large mark-to-market losses.[55]
Berkshire Hathaway acquired 10% perpetual preferred stock of Goldman Sachs.[56] Some of Buffett's put options (European exercise at expiry only) that he wrote (sold) were running at around $6.73 billion mark-to-market losses as of late 2008.[57] The scale of the potential loss prompted the SEC to demand that Berkshire produce, "a more robust disclosure" of factors used to value the contracts.[57] Buffett also helped Dow Chemical pay for its $18.8 billion takeover of Rohm & Haas. He thus became the single largest shareholder in the enlarged group with his Berkshire Hathaway, which provided $3 billion, underlining his instrumental role during the crisis in debt and equity markets.[58]
In 2008, Buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion[59] by Forbes and at $58 billion[60] by Yahoo, overtaking Bill Gates, who had been number one on the Forbes list for 13 consecutive years.[61] In 2009, Gates regained the top position on the Forbes list, with Buffett shifted to second place. Both of the men's values dropped, to $40 billion and $37 billion respectively—according to Forbes, Buffett lost $25 billion over a 12-month period during 2008/2009.[62]
In October 2008, the media reported that Buffett had agreed to buy General Electric (GE) preferred stock.[63] The operation included special incentives: He received an option to buy three billion shares of GE stock, at $22.25, over the five years following the agreement, and Buffett also received a 10% dividend (callable within three years). In February 2009, Buffett sold some Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson shares from his personal portfolio.[64]
In addition to suggestions of mistiming, the wisdom in keeping some of Berkshire's major holdings, including The Coca-Cola Company, which in 1998 peaked at $86, raised questions. Buffett discussed the difficulties of knowing when to sell in the company's 2004 annual report:

That may seem easy to do when one looks through an always-clean, rear-view mirror. Unfortunately, however, it's the windshield through which investors must peer, and that glass is invariably fogged.[65]

In March 2009, Buffett said in a cable television interview that the economy had "fallen off a cliff ... Not only has the economy slowed down a lot, but people have really changed their habits like I haven't seen". Additionally, Buffett feared that inflation levels that occurred in the 1970s—which led to years of painful stagflation—might re-emerge.[66][67]
A capitalized Berkshire




Buffett in 2015 at his annual Berkshire Shareholders Meeting


On August 14, 2014, the price of Berkshire Hathaway's shares hit US$200,000 a share for the first time, capitalizing the company at US$328 billion. While Buffett had given away much of his stock to charities by this time, he still held 321,000 shares worth US$64.2 billion. On August 20, 2014, Berkshire Hathaway was fined $896,000 for failing to report December 9, 2013 purchase of shares in USG Corporation as required.[68]
In 2009, Buffett invested $2.6 billion as a part of Swiss Re's campaign to raise equity capital.[69][70] Berkshire Hathaway already owned a 3% stake, with rights to own more than 20%.[71] Also in 2009, Buffett acquired Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp. for $34 billion in cash and stock. Alice Schroeder, author of Snowball, said that a key reason for the purchase was to diversify Berkshire Hathaway from the financial industry.[72] Measured by market capitalization in the Financial Times Global 500, Berkshire Hathaway was the eighteenth largest corporation in the world as of June 2009.[73]
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors,

I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.[74]

The merger with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) closed upon BNSF shareholder approval in 1Q2010. This deal was valued at approximately $34 billion and represented an increase of the previously existing stake of 22%.[citation needed]
In June 2010, Buffett defended the credit-rating agencies for their role in the US financial crisis, claiming:

Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble. That's the nature of bubbles – they're mass delusions.[75]

On March 18, 2011, Goldman Sachs was given Federal Reserve approval to buy back Berkshire's preferred stock in Goldman. Buffett had been reluctant to give up the stock, which averaged $1.4 million in dividends per day,[76][77] saying:

I'm going to be the Osama bin Laden of capitalism. I'm on my way to an unknown destination in Asia where I'm going to look for a cave. If the U.S. Armed forces can't find Osama bin Laden in 10 years, let Goldman Sachs try to find me.[78]

In November 2011, it was announced that over the course of the previous eight months, Buffett had bought 64 million shares of International Business Machine Corp (IBM) stock, worth around $11 billion. This unanticipated investment raised his stake in the company to around 5.5 percent—the largest stake in IBM alongside that of State Street Global Advisors. Buffett had said on numerous prior occasions that he would not invest in technology because he did not fully understand it, so the move came as a surprise to many investors and observers. During the interview, in which he revealed the investment to the public, Buffett stated that he was impressed by the company's ability to retain corporate clients and said, "I don't know of any large company that really has been as specific on what they intend to do and how they intend to do it as IBM."[79]

External video




 Testing Mattresses with Warren Buffett, 3:24, gatesnotes[80]



In May 2012, Buffett's acquisition of Media General, consisting of 63 newspapers in the south-eastern U.S., was announced.[81] The company was the second news print purchase made by Buffett in one year.[82]
Interim publisher James W. Hopson announced on July 18, 2013 that the Press of Atlantic City would be sold to Buffett’s BH Media Group by ABARTA, a private holding company based in Pittsburgh, U.S. At the Berkshire shareholders meeting in May 2013, Buffett explained that he did not expect to "move the needle" at Berkshire with newspaper acquisitions, but he anticipates an annual return of 10 percent. The Press of Atlantic City became Berkshire's 30th daily newspaper, following other purchases such as Virginia, U.S.' Roanoke Times and The Tulsa World in Oklahoma, U.S.[83]
During a presentation to Georgetown University students in Washington, D.C. in late September 2013, Buffett compared the U.S. Federal Reserve to a hedge fund and stated that the bank is generating "$80 billion or $90 billion a year probably" in revenue for the U.S. government. Buffett also advocated further on the issue of wealth equality in society:

We have learned to turn out lots of goods and services, but we haven’t learned as well how to have everybody share in the bounty. The obligation of a society as prosperous as ours is to figure out how nobody gets left too far behind.[84]

After the difficulties of the economic crisis, Buffett managed to bring its company back to its pre-recession standards: in Q2 2014, Berkshire Hathaway made $6.4 billion in net profit, the most it had ever made in a three-month period.[85]
Investment philosophy
Warren Buffett's writings include his annual reports and various articles. Buffett is recognized by communicators[86] as a great story-teller, as evidenced by his annual letters to shareholders. He warned about the pernicious effects of inflation:[87]

The arithmetic makes it plain that inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislatures. The inflation tax has a fantastic ability to simply consume capital. It makes no difference to a widow with her savings in a 5 percent passbook account whether she pays 100 percent income tax on her interest income during a period of zero inflation, or pays no income taxes during years of 5 percent inflation.
— Buffett, Fortune (1977)

In his article "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", Buffett rebutted the academic efficient-market hypothesis, that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance", by highlighting the results achieved by a number of students of the Graham and Dodd value investing school of thought. In addition to himself, Buffett named Walter J. Schloss, Tom Knapp, Ed Anderson (Tweedy, Browne LLC), William J. Ruane (Sequoia Fund, Inc.), Charles Munger (Buffett's own business partner at Berkshire), Rick Guerin (Pacific Partners, Ltd.), and Stan Perlmeter (Perlmeter Investments).[88] In his November 1999 Fortune article, he warned of investors' unrealistic expectations:[89]

Let me summarize what I've been saying about the stock market: I think it's very hard to come up with a persuasive case that equities will over the next 17 years perform anything like—anything like—they've performed in the past 17. If I had to pick the most probable return, from appreciation and dividends combined, that investors in aggregate—repeat, aggregate—would earn in a world of constant interest rates, 2% inflation, and those ever hurtful frictional costs, it would be 6%!
— Buffett, Fortune (1999)

Index funds and active management
Towards his later life, particularly following the global financial crisis of 2007-8, Buffett became an increasingly vocal critic of active management, i.e., mutual funds and hedge funds. Buffett is skeptical that active management and stock-picking can outperform the market in the long run, and has advised both individual and institutional investors to move their money to low-cost index funds that track broad, diversified stock market indices. Buffett said in one of his letters to shareholders that "when trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients."[90] In 2007, Buffett made a bet with numerous managers that a simple S&P 500 index fund will outperform hedge funds that charge exorbitant fees. By 2017, the index fund was outperforming every hedge fund that had made the bet against Buffett by a significant margin.[90]
Personal life




Buffett with Gary Green in 2010


In 1949, Buffett was infatuated with a young woman whose current boyfriend had a ukulele. In an attempt to compete, he bought one of the diminutive instruments and has been playing it ever since. Though the attempt was unsuccessful, his music interest was a key part of his becoming a part of Susan Thompson's life and led to their marriage. Buffett often plays the instrument at stock holder meetings and other opportunities. His love of the instrument led to the commissioning of two custom Dairy Queen ukuleles by Dave Talsma, one of which was auctioned for charity.[91]
Buffett married Susan Buffett (née Thompson) in 1952. They had three children, Susie, Howard and Peter. The couple began living separately in 1977, although they remained married until Susan Buffett's death in July 2004. Their daughter, Susie, lives in Omaha, is a national board member of Girls, Inc., and does charitable work through the Susan A. Buffett Foundation.[citation needed]
In 2006, on his 76th birthday, Buffett married his longtime companion, Astrid Menks, who was then 60 years old—she had lived with him since his wife's departure to San Francisco in 1977.[92][93] Susan had arranged for the two to meet before she left Omaha to pursue her singing career. All three were close and Christmas cards to friends were signed "Warren, Susie and Astrid".[94] Susan briefly discussed this relationship in an interview on the Charlie Rose Show shortly before her death, in a rare glimpse into Buffett's personal life.[95]
Buffett disowned his son Peter's adopted daughter, Nicole, in 2006 after she participated in the Jamie Johnson documentary The One Percent about the growing economic inequality between the wealthy and the average citizen in the United States. Although his first wife referred to Nicole as one of her "adored grandchildren",[96] Buffett wrote her a letter stating, "I have not emotionally or legally adopted you as a grandchild, nor have the rest of my family adopted you as a niece or a cousin."[97][98][99]
His 2006 annual salary was about US$100,000, which is small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.[100] In 2008, he earned a total compensation of $175,000, which included a base salary of just $100,000.[101] He continued to live in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, a fraction of today's value. He also owns a $4 million house in Laguna Beach, California.[102] In 1989, after spending nearly $6.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet, Buffett named it "The Indefensible". This act was a break from his past condemnation of extravagant purchases by other CEOs and his history of using more public transportation.[103]


“
Bridge is such a sensational game that I wouldn't mind being in jail if I had three cellmates who were decent players and who were willing to keep the game going twenty-four hours a day.
”


— Buffett on bridge[104]


Buffett is an avid bridge player, which he plays with fellow fan Gates[105]—he allegedly spends 12 hours a week playing the game.[106] In 2006, he sponsored a bridge match for the Buffett Cup. Modeled on the Ryder Cup in golf—held immediately before it in the same city—the teams are chosen by invitation, with a female team and five male teams provided by each country.[107]
He is a dedicated, lifelong follower of Nebraska football, and attends as many games as his schedule permits. He supported the hire of Bo Pelini, following the 2007 season, stating, "It was getting kind of desperate around here".[108] He watched the 2009 game against Oklahoma from the Nebraska sideline, after being named an honorary assistant coach.[109]
Buffett worked with Christopher Webber on an animated series called "Secret Millionaires Club" with chief Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment. The series features Buffett and Munger, and teaches children healthy financial habits.[110][111]
Buffett was raised as a Presbyterian, but has since described himself as agnostic.[112] In December 2006, it was reported that Buffett does not carry a mobile phone, does not have a computer at his desk, and drives his own automobile,[113] a Cadillac DTS.[114] In 2013 he had an old Nokia flip phone and had sent one email in his entire life.[115] Buffett reads five newspapers every day, beginning with the Omaha World Herald, which his company acquired in 2011.
A September 2014 Fast Company article featured Buffett's “avoid at all cost” practice, used to prioritize personal goals. Buffett advises people to first create a list of the top 25 accomplishments that they would like to complete over the next few years of their life, and to then pick the five most-important list items. Buffett stated that people need to “avoid at all cost” the initial, longer list, as it would hinder the achievement of the top-five.[116]
Buffett's speeches are known for mixing business discussions with humor. Each year, Buffett presides over Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska, an event drawing over 20,000 visitors from both United States and abroad, giving it the nickname "Woodstock of Capitalism". Berkshire's annual reports and letters to shareholders, prepared by Buffett, frequently receive coverage by the financial media. Buffett's writings are known for containing quotations from sources as varied as the Bible and Mae West,[117] as well as advice in a folksy Midwestern style and numerous jokes.
In April 2017 Buffett (an avid Coca-Cola drinker and investor in said company) agreed to have his likeness placed on cherry coke products in China. Buffett was not compensated for this advertisement.[118][119]
Health
On April 11, 2012, Buffett was diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer during a routine test.[120] He announced he would begin two months of daily radiation treatment from mid-July; however, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett said he felt "great - as if I were in my normal excellent health - and my energy level is 100 percent". On September 15, 2012, Buffett announced that he had completed the full 44-day radiation treatment cycle, saying "it's a great day for me" and "I am so glad to say that's over".[121]
Wealth and philanthropy




Buffett, Kathy Ireland and Bill Gates at the 2015 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting


In 2008 he was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of approximately US$62 billion.[122] In 2009, after donating billions of dollars to charity, Buffett was ranked as the second richest man in the United States with a net worth of US$37 billion[123][124] with only Bill Gates ranked higher than Buffett. His net worth had risen to $58.5 billion as of September 2013.[125]
In 1999, Buffett was named the top money manager of the Twentieth Century in a survey by the Carson Group, ahead of Peter Lynch and John Templeton.[126] In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in the world.[127] In 2011, President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.[128] Most recently, Buffett, along with Bill Gates, was named the most influential global thinker in Foreign Policy's 2010 report.[129]
Buffett has written several times of his belief that, in a market economy, the rich earn outsized rewards for their talents.[130] His children will not inherit a significant proportion of his wealth. He once commented, "I want to give my kids just enough so that they would feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they would feel like doing nothing".[131]
Buffett had long stated his intention to give away his fortune to charity, and in June 2006, he announced a new plan to give 83% of it to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.[132] He pledged about the equivalent of 10 million Berkshire Hathaway Class B shares to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (worth approximately US$30.7 billion as of June 23, 2006),[133] making it the largest charitable donation in history, and Buffett one of the leaders of philanthrocapitalism.[134] The foundation will receive 5% of the total each July, beginning in 2006. (The pledge is conditional upon the foundation's giving away each year, beginning in 2009, an amount that is at least equal to the value of the entire previous year's gift from Buffett, in addition to 5% of the foundation's net assets.) Buffett joined the Gates Foundation's board, but did not plan to be actively involved in the foundation's investments.[135][136]
This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.[137] The bulk of the estate of his wife, valued at $2.6 billion, went there when she died in 2004.[138] He also pledged $50 million to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in Washington, where he began serving as an adviser in 2002.[139]
In 2006, he auctioned his 2001 Lincoln Town Car[140] on eBay to raise money for Girls, Inc.[141] In 2007, he auctioned a luncheon with himself that raised a final bid of $650,100 for the Glide Foundation.[142] Later auctions raised $2,110,100,[143][144] $1.68 million[145] and $3,456,789. The winners traditionally dine with Buffett at New York's Smith and Wollensky steak house. The restaurant donates at least $10,000 to Glide each year to host the meal.[146]
On December 9, 2010, Buffett, Bill Gates, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg signed a promise they called the "Gates-Buffett Giving Pledge", in which they promise to donate to charity at least half of their wealth, and invite other wealthy people to follow suit.[11][147]
Political and economic views




Buffett and President Obama in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010


In addition to political contributions over the years, Buffett endorsed and made campaign contributions to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. On July 2, 2008, Buffett attended a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Obama's campaign in Chicago.[148] Buffett intimated that John McCain's views on social justice were so far from his own that McCain would need a "lobotomy" for Buffett to change his endorsement.[149] During the second 2008 U.S. presidential debate, McCain and Obama, after being asked first by presidential debate mediator Tom Brokaw, both mentioned Buffett as a possible future Secretary of the Treasury.[150] Later, in the third and final presidential debate, Obama mentioned Buffett as a potential economic advisor.[151] Buffett was also finance advisor to California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger during his 2003 election campaign.[152]
On December 16, 2015, Buffett endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president.[12] On August 1, 2016, Buffett challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns.[153][154] On October 10, 2016, after another reference to him in the 2nd 2016 presidential debate, Buffett released his own tax return.[155][156] He said he had paid $1.85 million in federal income taxes in 2015 on an adjusted gross income of $11.6 million, meaning he had an effective federal income tax rate of around 16 percent. Buffett also said he had made more than $2.8 billion worth of donations last year.[156] Buffett said, "I have been audited by the IRS multiple times and am currently being audited. I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump -- at least he would have no legal problem." This was a measured response to Trump saying he was unable to release his tax information due to being under audit.[156]
Health care
Buffett described the health care reform under President Barack Obama as insufficient to deal with the costs of health care in the US, though he supports its aim of expanding health insurance coverage.[157] Buffett compared health care costs to a tapeworm, saying that they compromise US economic competitiveness by increasing manufacturing costs.[157] Buffett thinks health care costs should head towards 13 to 14% of GDP.[158] (Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the CMS actuary has projected health care costs will reach almost 20% of GDP by 2020.)[159] Buffett said "If you want the very best, I mean if you want to spend a million dollars to prolong your life 3 months in a coma or something then the US is probably the best", but he also said that other countries spend much less and receive much more in health care value (visits, hospital beds, doctors and nurses per capita).[160]
Buffett faults the incentives in the United States medical industry, that payers reimburse doctors for procedures (fee-for-service) leading to unnecessary care (overutilization), instead of paying for results.[161] He cited Atul Gawande's 2009 article in the New Yorker[162] as a useful consideration of US health care, with its documentation of unwarranted variation in Medicare expenditures between McAllen, Texas and El Paso, Texas.[161] Buffett raised the problem of lobbying by the medical industry, saying that they are very focused on maintaining their income.[163]


Play media


President Obama announcing the "Buffett Rule"


Taxes
See also: Buffett Rule
Buffett stated that he only paid 19% of his income for 2006 ($48.1 million) in total federal taxes (due to their source as dividends and capital gains, although the figure excluded the taxes on that income paid by the corporations that provided it), while his employees paid 33% of theirs, despite making much less money.[164] “How can this be fair?” Buffett asked, regarding how little he pays in taxes compared to his employees. "How can this be right?" He also added, "There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."[165][166] After Donald Trump accused him of taking "massive deductions," Buffett countered, "I have copies of all 72 of my returns and none uses a carryforward."[167]
Buffett favors the inheritance tax, saying that repealing it would be like "choosing the 2020 Olympic team by picking the eldest sons of the gold-medal winners in the 2000 Olympics".[168] In 2007, Buffett testified before the Senate and urged them to preserve the estate tax so as to avoid a plutocracy.[169] Some critics argued that Buffett (through Berkshire Hathaway) has a personal interest in the continuation of the estate tax, since Berkshire Hathaway benefited from the estate tax in past business dealings and had developed and marketed insurance policies to protect policy holders against future estate tax payments.[170] Buffett believes government should not be in the business of gambling, or legalizing casinos, calling it a tax on ignorance.[171]
Trade deficit
Buffett viewed the United States' expanding trade deficit as a trend that will devalue the US dollar and US assets. He predicted that the US dollar will lose value in the long run, as a result of putting a larger portion of ownership of US assets in the hands of foreigners. In his letter to shareholders in March 2005, he predicted that in another ten years' time the net ownership of the U.S. by outsiders would amount to $11 trillion.

Americans ... would chafe at the idea of perpetually paying tribute to their creditors and owners abroad. A country that is now aspiring to an 'ownership society' will not find happiness in – and I'll use hyperbole here for emphasis – a 'sharecropping society’.

Dollar and gold
The trade deficit induced Buffett to enter the foreign currency market for the first time in 2002. He substantially reduced his stake in 2005 as changing interest rates increased the costs of holding currency contracts. Buffett remained bearish on the dollar, stating that he was looking to acquire companies with substantial foreign revenues. Buffett emphasized the non-productive aspect of a gold standard for the United States dollar in 1998 at Harvard:

It gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.

In 1977, about stocks, gold, farmland and inflation, he stated:

Stocks are probably still the best of all the poor alternatives in an era of inflation – at least they are if you buy in at appropriate prices.[172]

China
Buffett invested in PetroChina Company Limited and in a rare move, posted a commentary[173] on Berkshire Hathaway's website stating why he would not divest over its connection with the Sudanese civil war that caused Harvard to divest. He sold this stake soon afterwards, sparing him the billions of dollars he would have lost had he held on to the company in the midst of the steep drop in oil prices beginning in the summer of 2008.
In October 2008, Buffett invested $230 million for 10% of battery maker BYD Company (SEHK: 1211), which runs a subsidiary of electric automobile manufacturer BYD Auto. In less than one year, the investment reaped over 500% return.[174]
Tobacco
During the RJR Nabisco, Inc. hostile takeover fight in 1987, Buffett was quoted as telling John Gutfreund:[175]

I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.
— Buffett, quoted in Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco

Speaking at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 1994 annual meeting, Buffett said investments in tobacco are:[176]

fraught with questions that relate to societal attitudes and those of the present administration. I would not like to have a significant percentage of my net worth invested in tobacco businesses. The economy of the business may be fine, but that doesn't mean it has a bright future.
— Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting

Coal
In 2007, Buffett's PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of his MidAmerican Energy Company, canceled six proposed coal-fired power plants. These included Utah's Intermountain Power Project Unit 3, Jim Bridger Unit 5, and four proposed plants previously included in PacifiCorp's Integrated Resource Plan. The cancellations came in the wake of pressure from regulators and citizen groups.[177]
Renewable energy
American Indian tribes and salmon fishermen sought to win support from Buffett for a proposal to remove four hydroelectric dams from the Klamath River. David Sokol responded on Buffett's behalf, stating that the FERC would decide the question.[178][179]
In December 2011, Buffett's MidAmerican Energy Holdings agreed to buy a $2 billion solar energy project under development in California and a 49 percent stake in a $1.8 billion plant in Arizona, his first investments in solar power. He already owned wind farms.[180]
Expensing of stock options
He has been a strong proponent of stock option expensing on corporate Income Statements. At the 2004 annual meeting, he lambasted a bill before the United States Congress that would consider only some company-issued stock options compensation as an expense, likening the bill to one that was almost passed by the Indiana House of Representatives to change the value of Pi from 3.14159 to 3.2 through legislative fiat.[181]

When a company gives something of value to its employees in return for their services, it is clearly a compensation expense. And if expenses don't belong in the earnings statement, where in the world do they belong?[182]

Technology
In May 2012, Buffett said he had avoided buying stock in new social media companies such as Facebook and Google because it is hard to estimate future value. He also stated that initial public offering (IPO) of stock are almost always bad investments. Investors should be looking to companies that will have good value in ten years.[183]
See also

List of University of Nebraska-Lincoln people
List of Columbia University alumni
List of University of Pennsylvania people

Bibliography
Books about Buffett
In October 2008, USA Today reported at least 47 books were in print with Buffett's name in the title. The article quoted the CEO of Borders Books, George Jones, as saying that the only other living persons named in as many book titles were U.S. presidents, world political figures and the Dalai Lama.[184] Buffett said that his own personal favorite is a collection of his essays called The Essays of Warren Buffett,[185] which he described as "a coherent rearrangement of ideas from my annual report letters".[184]
Books or publications by Buffett:

The Essays of Warren Buffett : Lessons for Corporate America, Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; revised edition (April 11, 2001), ISBN 978-0-9664461-1-1
The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition, Warren E. Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; 2nd edition (April 14, 2008), ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8

Some best-selling, or otherwise notable, books about Buffett:

Carol J. Loomis, Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything, 1966-2012: A Fortune Magazine Book.
Preston Pysh, Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books.[186] (An interactive book that references http://www.buffettsbooks.com for online videos)[184]
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett, Making of an American Capitalist
Robert Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way.[184][187]
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life.[188] (Written with Buffett's cooperation.)[189]
Mary Buffett and David Clark, Buffettology[190] and four subsequent books. (Combined sales of more than 1.5 million copies.)[184]
Janet Lowe, Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor.[191]
John Train, The Midas Touch: The Strategies That Have Made Warren Buffett 'America's Preeminent Investor'.[192]
Andrew Kilpatrick, Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.[193] (The longest of the books about Buffett, with 330 chapters, 1,874 pages and 1,400 photos, weighing 10.2 pounds.)[184]
Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
John P. Reese, "The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies".[194] (Includes step-by-step stock-picking method based on Buffett's approach)
Janet M. Tavakoli, Dear Mr. Buffett: what an investor learns 1,269 miles from Wall Street, John Wiley and Sons, 2008, ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6[195]
Vahan Janjigian, Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can—and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor[196]

References


^ "Warren E Buffett, CEO Compensation". Forbes. March 30, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "Warren Buffett Biography (1930–)". Biography.com (FYI / A&E Networks). Retrieved January 28, 2016. 
^ "Ten great investors". Incademy Investor Education. Harriman House Ltd. Archived from the original on November 20, 2015. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ Farrington, Robert. "The top 10 investors of all time". The College Investor. The College Investor, LLC. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved 11 May 2017. 
^ "The Greatest Investors: Warren Buffett". Investopedia.com. Retrieved March 6, 2009. 
^ Markels, Alex (July 29, 2007). "How to Make Money the Buffett Way". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. 
^ Sullivan, Aline (December 20, 1997). "Buffett, the Sage of Omaha, Makes Value Strategy Seem Simple: Secrets of a High Plains Investor". International Herald Tribune. 
^ Gogoi, Pallavi (May 8, 2007). "What Warren Buffett might buy". MSNBC. Retrieved May 9, 2007. 
^ Buffett, Warren (June 16, 2010). "My philanthropic pledge". CNN. 
^ a b "US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ a b Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy December 16, 2015
^ PBS NewsHour (June 26, 2017). "America should stand for more than just wealth, says Warren Buffett" – via YouTube. 
^ Blair, Elliot (January 29, 2004). "Nebraska family clashes over love, money and death". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett's High School Yearbook Totally Nailed What He Would Be When He Grew Up". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-05-15. 
^ Robert G. Hagstrom. "The Warren Buffett Way". Wiley Publishers. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert (2001). The Essential Buffett: Timeless Principles for the New Economy. Wiley. p. 24. 
^ Levere, Jane (January 30, 2017). "New HBO Documentary On Warren Buffett Uses Family Photos, Home Movies To Reveal His Life Story". Forbes. Retrieved July 7, 2017. A voracious reader his entire life, at age seven he read a book he borrowed from the library, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000, and, inspired by its lessons, began selling Coca-Cola, gum and newspapers. 
^ "Buffett 'becomes world's richest'". BBC. March 6, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ a b c "Warren Buffett Timeline". About Money. Retrieved April 30, 2015. 
^ "Doris Buffett works one-on-one to help with billionaire brother's charity, May 27, 2014". csmonitor.com. Retrieved January 4, 2015. 
^ "Special Feature, April 29, 1999: Berkshire and Buffett". Fool.com. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. p. 26. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
^ a b c Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Community Development Project. "Consumer Price Index (estimate) 1800–". Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Retrieved January 2, 2017. 
^ [1], The Daily Pennsylvanian.
^ "History". www.warrenbuffett.com. Retrieved 2016-12-13. 
^ Hagstrom 2005, p. 14 Warren Buffett is now the richest man in the world with $65 billion. GE Raises $15 billion; Buffett Gets Preferred Stake (Update3)
^ Heath, Jason (April 24, 2012). "What Warren Buffett’s cancer diagnosis can teach investors". Financial Post. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Cabot Heritage Corporation (January 15, 2013). "Who is Warren Buffett? - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. p. 43. ISBN 0-385-48491-7. 
^ "Lecture at the University of Florida School of Business – Transcript (PDF document)" (PDF). Intelligent Investor. October 15, 1998. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ ""Person to Person": Warren Buffett". CBS News. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2008). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell. p. 169. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Schudel, Matt (July 30, 2004). "Susan T. Buffett, 72, Dies; Wife of Billionaire Investor". The Washington Post. p. B06. Retrieved July 13, 2009. 
^ "Billionaire Houses". Retrieved October 20, 2016. 
^ Poppick, Susie (May 1, 2016). "This Is How Much It Costs to Live Next Door to Warren Buffett". Time. Retrieved October 1, 2016. 
^ "The Evolution of Warren Buffett's Career from 1936 to 2013". The Value Investing Blog of Old School Value. 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2017-02-04. 
^ Buffett's Worst Trade. CNBC. October 18, 2010. 
^ Graham Kenny (3 August 2009). Diversification Strategy: How to Grow a Business by Diversifying Successfully. Kogan Page Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 978-0-7494-5833-1. 
^ Kleinfield, N.R. "ABC is being sold for $3.5 billion; 1st network sale". The New York Times, March 19, 1985.
^ "FCC approval of Capcities/ABC deal likely". Broadcasting, March 25, 1985.
^ "Inaction Can be as Dangerous as Bad Action, Aly Gonenne, Class of 2004, Duke Leadership Development Initiative". Mbaa.fuqua.duke.edu. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Redirecting Archived March 8, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Learn About the Life and Business of Billionaire, Warren Buffett". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-03-03. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway Inc. historical prices". Google Finance. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ a b "General Re Settlement in AIG Case Closes Difficult Chapter". The Rational Walk. The Rational Walk. January 21, 2010. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Warren E. Buffett (February 21, 2003). "Berkshire’s Corporate Performance vs. the S&P 500" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Diane Brady, Marcia Vickers, Mike McNamee (April 10, 2005). "AIG: What Went Wrong". Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved August 16, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "AIG to Pay $800 Million to Settle Securities Fraud Charges by SEC; Over $1.6 billion to be Paid to Resolve Federal and New York State Actions". Securities and Exchange Commission. February 9, 2006. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. 
^ "HELP WANTED: Warren Buffett Replacement". ABC News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Crippen, Alex. "WSJ to Warren Buffett: "Time to Get a New Crystal Ball"". CNBC. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (October 16, 2008). "Buy American. I am.". The New York Times. Retrieved December 25, 2012. 
^ Dabrowski, Wojtek (February 7, 2008). "Buffett: Bank woes are "poetic justice"". Reuters. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Even Buffett Can't Escape Markets, Storms; Berkshire Profit Falls 77%". Insurance Journal. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ Press Release. "Berkshire Hathaway to Invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs". Goldman Sachs. Archived from the original on December 20, 2008. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (November 24, 2008). "Buffett to disclose more on derivatives". Reuters. Retrieved November 27, 2008. 
^ Fontanella, James (July 11, 2008). "ftalphaville.ft.com, Buffett helps Dow pay $19bn for R&H". Financial Times. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "#1 Warren Buffett". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Buffett overtakes Gates to top new Forbes list". Reuters. October 10, 2008. Archived from the original on October 14, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "#2 Warren Buffett – The World's Billionaires 2009". Forbes. February 13, 2009. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Clark, Andrew (October 1, 2008). "Warren Buffett to buy $3bn of General Electric preferred stock". The Guardian. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway unloads J&J and P&G". Financial Express. February 17, 2009. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Schroeder, Alice The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life ISBN 0-553-80509-6 Bantam Sept 2008
^ Josh Funk, "Buffett says nation will face higher unemployment", AP on Seattle Times, March 9, 2009. Retrieved November 28, 2010.
^ "Buffett: The economy has 'fallen off a cliff'", MSN.com, March 9, 2009 . Retrieved April 3, 2009.
^ Stempel, Jonathan (August 20, 2014) UPDATE 3-U.S. fines Berkshire over stock deal, Buffett admits mistake. Reuters.com. Retrieved August 21, 2014.
^ Lionel Laurent (February 5, 2009). "Buffett Sinks Billions Into Swiss Re". Forbes. 
^ Jolly, David (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re Gets $2.6 billion From Berkshire Hathaway". The New York Times. 
^ Haig Simonian, Francesco Guerrera (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re turns to Buffett for new funding". The Financial Times. 
^ "Alice Schroeder on Buffett and BNI; Which Company Will Berkshire Hathaway Acquire Next?". GuruFocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ FTGlobal500.pdf June 2009,FT.com
^ "Warren Buffett’s Multi-Billion Mistake with ConocoPhillips (COP)". Gurufocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Credit rating agencies not to blame for crisis says Buffett". Insideireland.ie. June 3, 2010. Archived from the original on August 2, 2012. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Berkshire Will Not Exercise Goldman Sachs Warrants Immediately". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Harper, Christine (March 18, 2011). "Goldman Sachs to Pay $5.65 billion to Redeem Buffett’s Stake". Business Week. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Where Will Warren Buffett Hide From Goldman Sachs?". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ "Buffett sheds tech aversion with big IBM investment". Reuters. November 14, 2011. 
^ "Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs". MarketWatch. Dow Jones & Company. June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 9, 2017. 
^ "Warren Buffett invests in Media General newspapers". BBC News. May 17, 2012. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (May 17, 2012). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys Media General newspaper group". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Crippen, Alex (July 18, 2013). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bets on Atlantic City". CNBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ Buhayar, Noah (September 20, 2013). "Buffett Calls Federal Reserve History’s Greatest Hedge Fund". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ "Warren Buffett’s firm just made the most money ever in a single quarter". August 2, 2014. 
^ Lou Hoffman, The Hoffman Agency. "Startup lessons learned from Warren Buffett." April 13, 2010. Retrieved, April 16, 2010.
^ How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor, Warren Buffett, Fortune, May 1977
^ "Official Buffett Biography to Hit Shelves". The New York Times. August 12, 2008. Retrieved August 15, 2008. 
^ Warren Buffett; Carol Loomis (November 22, 1999). "Mr. Buffett on the Stock Market". Fortune. 
^ a b "Warren Buffett, 'Oracle of Omaha', criticizes Wall Street and praises immigrants". Reuters via the Guardian. 25 February 2017. 
^ Yates, Chelsea. "The Billionaire and the Ukulele". Hear Nebraska. 
^ Bailey, Jeff; Dash, Eric (September 1, 2006). "How Does Warren Buffett Get Married? Frugally, It Turns Out". The New York Times. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Brian Goodman (August 31, 2006). "Wedding Bells For Warren Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. Random House. ISBN 0-8129-7927-3. 
^ "Susan Buffett in Her Own Words: Conversations with Charlie Rose". Bookworm Omaha. Archived from the original on December 23, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008.  Also freely available at Hulu.
^ The Rich Man's Michael Moore Wall Street Journal, Robert Frank. February 23, 2008
^ Goodman, Leah McGrath (December 2008). "The Billionaire's Black Sheep". Marie Claire. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Nichols, Michelle (February 21, 2008). "Documentary on wealth gap divides Buffett family". Reuters. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2009). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Random House. pp. 656–657. ISBN 978-0-553-38461-1.  Excerpt available at Google Books.
^ Smith, Rich (June 29, 2005). "Stupid CEO Tricks". Motley Fool. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Warren E. Buffett, Equilar Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Chairman's Letter 1989". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Owen, David (September 17, 2007). "Turning Tricks: The rise and fall of contract bridge.". The New Yorker. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ Moore, Martha T. (December 19, 2005). "Billionaires bank on bridge to trump poker". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Blackstone, John (February 17, 2008). "Bringing Back Bridge". CBS News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Doreen MacMillan (October 5, 2012). "Bridge Scene: United States team secures the 2012 Warren Buffett Cup". Collier Citizen. Scripps Media Inc. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "The Varsity Zone Talks Football with Warren Buffett". YouTube. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Sherman, Mitch (November 7, 2009). "From the sidelines: Can some of these guys suit up?". Omaha World-Herald.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Warren Buffett, Martha Stewart, Gisele Bündchen, and Kosmos Featuring Carl Sagan Headline New Slate of Purpose-Driven Entertainment for Children. Business Wire. July 24, 2009. Archived from the original on October 5, 2015. 
^ "CNBC TRANSCRIPT: Warren Buffett's 'Secret Millionaire's Club' Live Interview on Squawk Box". CNBC. 
^ Wired article Faces of the New Atheism: The Scribe published November 2006. Retrieved November 10, 2009.
^ "How Warren Buffett made his billions". Rediff.com. December 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Taylor III, Alex (June 4, 2006). "Buffett backs GM – and buys a Caddy". CNN. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Piers Morgan (October 22, 2013). "Warren Buffett on cell phones, email, and material goods". CNN. Retrieved November 11, 2014. 
^ Vivian Giang (September 3, 2014). "4 ODD YET EFFECTIVE WAYS THE SMARTEST PEOPLE PRIORITIZE THEIR DAYS". Fast Company. Mansueto Ventures, LLC. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "Chairman's Letter—1993". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "How billionaire Warren Buffett became the face of Cherry Coke in China". ABC News. 2017-04-05. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ France-Presse, Agence (2017-04-05). "Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Cherry Coke in China". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer". BBC News. Retrieved December 27, 2015. 
^ Sam Ro (September 15, 2012). "Warren Buffett Completes Cancer Treatments". Business Insider. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Boyle, Christina (October 1, 2009). "Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Christy Walton top 2009's 'Forbes 400: Richest Americans' list". Daily News. New York. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett signs over $30.7B to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation". USA Today. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "The Forbes 400: The Richest People In America". Forbes. Retrieved June 29, 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffett and Peter Lynch Voted Top Money Managers of the Century". Business Wire. November 22, 1999. Archived from the original on December 9, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Cramer, James J. (April 19, 2003). "Warren Buffett". TIME. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Julianna Goldman (February 15, 2011). "Obama Honors Buffett, George H.W. Bush With Medal of Freedom". Bloomberg. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers". Foreign Policy. November 29, 2010. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor", Warren E. Buffett, Fortune May 1977 #
^ An Exclusive Hour with Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates. Charlie Rose. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. Retrieved December 22, 2015. 
^ "Gates: Buffett gift may help cure worst diseases". MSNBC. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "The birth of philanthrocapitalism". The Economist. February 23, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and STEPHANIE SAUL (June 26, 2006). "Buffett to Give Bulk of His Fortune to Gates Charity". The New York Times. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Yuki Noguchi (June 26, 2006). "Gates Foundation to Get Bulk of Buffett's Fortune". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ Carol J. Loomis (June 25, 2006). "A conversation with Warren Buffett". Fortune. 
^ "Most of Susan Buffett Estate to Go to Foundation". The Foundation Center. August 11, 2004. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "America's Most-Generous Donors, Rank: 1 Warren E. Buffett, Chronicle of Philanthropy". Philanthropy.com. February 22, 2007. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Chapnick, Nate. "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Archived from the original on June 4, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "girls-inc". eBay. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Lindsay Goldwert (July 1, 2007). "Lunch With Warren Buffett? $650,100, Charity Auction Winner Bids Big Money For Steak Lunch With Billionaire Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Zuill, Lilla (June 28, 2008). "uk.reuters.com, Warren Buffett lunch sells for record $2.11 mln". Uk.reuters.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "cnbc.com, Warren Buffett Charity Lunch Auction Ends with High Bid of $2,110,100". Cnbc.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Funk, Josh (June 6, 2010). "Buffett hopes lunch auction again draws big bids". Associated Press. Archived from the original on June 8, 2010. Retrieved June 7, 2010. 
^ "Cost to lunch with Warren Buffett: $3.5 million". Yahoo! News. June 9, 2012. 
^ Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Archived from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 
^ Michael Luo and Christopher Drew (July 3, 2008). "Obama Picks Up Fund-Raising Pace". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ ""Squawk Box" Transcript: Becky Quick Sits Down with Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett". CNBC. Retrieved September 12, 2008. 
^ "Transcript of second McCain, Obama debate". CNN. October 10, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "Obama appoints Buffett as economic adviser". Reuters. November 7, 2008. Archived from the original on July 24, 2013. 
^ USA Today: Schwarzenegger taps Buffett as finance advisor August 14, 2003
^ Haskell, John; Hansler, Jennifer (August 1, 2016). "Warren Buffett Challenges Trump to Show Tax Returns, Says He's 'Afraid'". ABC News. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump says general election may be ‘rigged’". Los Angeles Times. August 1, 2016. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Transcript of the Second Debate". The New York Times. 2016-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b c "Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump". Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  6 minutes in.
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  7 minutes in.
^ Keehan SP, Sisko AM, Truffer CJ, et al. (August 2011). "National health spending projections through 2020: economic recovery and reform drive faster spending growth". Health Aff (Millwood). 30 (8): 1594–605. PMID 21798885. doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2011.0662. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  4 minutes in.
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  9 to 10 minutes in.
^ Atul Gawande (June 1, 2009). "The Cost Conundrum – What a Texas town can teach us about health care". The New Yorker. Retrieved June 29, 2011. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  11 minutes in.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes: 24, 42–3. November 26, 2007. 
^ Ben Stein, "In Class Warfare, Guess Which Class Is Winning", New York Times, November 26, 2006
^ Dave Zweifel, "Plain Talk: There's Class War, and Rich Are Winning", The Cap Times, October 6, 2010
^ Pramuck, Jacob. "Warren Buffett fires back at Donald Trump's comments about his taxes." CNBC. 10 October 2016. 10 October 2016.
^ "Rich Americans back inheritance tax". BBC. February 14, 2001. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Jim Snyder (November 15, 2007). "Buffett tells Senate Finance panel 'dynastic' wealth on the rise in U.S.". The Hill (newspaper). Archived from the original on November 20, 2007. 
^ Berlau, John (August 23, 2004). "Buffetted. The Sage of Omaha loves the estate tax – as well he might". National Review. FindArticles. 
^ Ackman, Dan (October 11, 2004). "America, The Casino Nation". Forbes. Archived from the original on April 13, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren (May 1977). "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor". Fortune. 
^ "Shareholder Proposal Regarding Berkshire's Investment In PetroChina" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Warren Buffett's 500% Return from BYD: The Show Just Begun?". ChinaStakes. Retrieved September 16, 2009. 
^ Burrough, Bryan; Helyar, John (1990). Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-06-016172-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Jenell Wallace (April 25, 1994). "Warren Buffett Cools on His Attraction to Tobacco Business". Legacy Tobacco Documents Library, University of California San Diego Library. Bloomberg. 
^ "Utah Petition Encouraging Energy Diversification" (PDF). Public Service Commission of Utah. July 28, 2007. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 9, 2013. 
^ Josh Funk (May 3, 2008). "Buffett again rebuffs advocates who want Klamath dams out". USA Today. 
^ Bacher, Dan (May 1, 2009). "Klamath Dam Removal Advocates Call on Buffett’s Company To Close the Deal". Indybay.org. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Marc Roca and Ehren Goossens (December 20, 2011). "BP Deems Solar Unprofitable, Exiting Business After 40 Years". Bloomberg. 
^ "Warren Buffett, Fuzzy Math And Stock Options ". The Washington Post. July 6, 2004. p. A19. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (July 24, 2002). "Warren E. Buffett, Who Really Cooks the Books?". The New York Times. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Buffett on Facebook and Google: hard to estimate future valu". Chicago Sun-Times. Associated Press. May 7, 2012. Retrieved May 7, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Del Jones, "Book titles like to play the Warren Buffett name game," USA Today, October 22, 2008.
^ Buffett, Warren; Cunningham, Lawrence. The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition. The Cunningham Group. ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Pysh, Preston. Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books: A guide to the Intelligent Investor, Security Analysis, and the Wealth of Nations. Pylon Publishing Company. ISBN 978-0-98296-762-1. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert G.; Miller, Bill R.; Fisher, Ken (2005). The Warren Buffett Way. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley. ISBN 0-471-74367-4. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Schroeder, Alice. The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell Pub Group 2008. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Janet Maslin, "Books of The Times: The Richest Man and How He Grew (and Grew His Company, Too)," New York Times, September 28, 2008.
^ Buffett, Mary; Clark, David. Buffettology: The Previously Unexplained Techniques That Have Made Warren Buffett The World's Most Famous Investor. Scribner. ISBN 978-0-684-84821-1. 
^ Lowe, Janet. Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-15262-1. 
^ Train, John (1987). The midas touch: the strategies that have made Warren Buffett America's pre-eminent investor. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 978-0-06-015643-5. 
^ Kilpatrick, Andrew. Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett/2008 Cosmic Edition/2 volumes. Andy Kilpatrick Publishing Empire (AKPE). ISBN 978-1-57864-455-1. 
^ Reese, John P.; Jack Forehand (2009). The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-37709-3. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet (January 9, 2009). Dear Mr. Buffett: What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street. Wiley. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6. 
^ Janjigian, Vahan (May 1, 2008). Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can--and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor. Penguin. ISBN 9781440631474. 


Further reading

Schwartz, Mattathias (January 2010). "The Church of Warren Buffett". Harper's. 320 (1916): 27–35. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Warren Buffett





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Warren Buffett.



Berkshire Hathaway official website
The Buffett
Buffett Partnership Letters
"Warren Buffett's Letters to Shareholders". Berkshire Hathaway. 
Berkshire Hathaway SEC 13F Filings
Appearances on C-SPAN
Warren Buffett on Charlie Rose
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The Guardian.  
Works by or about Warren Buffett in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Stempel, Jonathan (February 12, 2008). "FACTBOX: Warren Buffett at a glance". Reuters. 



Honorary titles


Preceded by
Ingvar Kamprad
World's richest person
?–1995
Succeeded by
Bill Gates


Preceded by
Bill Gates
World's richest person
2008–2009








v
t
e


Graham Holdings Company



Corporate staff



Donald E. Graham (COB & CEO)





Kaplan, Inc.



Concord Law School
Dev Bootcamp
Dublin Business School
Kaplan Financial Ltd
Kaplan Law School
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan University
Schweser





Television stations




NBC affiliates



KPRC
WDIV
WSLS





ABC affiliate



KSAT





CBS affiliate



WKMG





CW affiliate



WCWJ





Independent station



WJXT








The Slate Group



Foreign Policy
Panoply Media
Slate












v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category












v
t
e


Buffett family



First generation



Howard H. Buffett

m. Leila Stahl Buffett







Second generation

Doris Buffett

Warren Buffett

m. 1st Susan T. Buffett
m. 2nd Astrid Menks


Roberta Buffett Elliott





Third generation



Children of Warren Buffett
Susan A. Buffett




m. Allen Greenberg




Howard G. Buffett




m. 1st Marcia Sue Duncan
m. 2nd Devon Morse




Peter Buffett




m. 1st Mary Buffet
m. 2nd Jennifer Buffett







Fourth generation



Children of Howard G. Buffett
Howard W. Buffett (m. Lili T. Buffett)


Step-children of Peter Buffett
Nicole Buffett
Erica Buffett





Companies and organizations



Berkshire Hathaway
Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation
Sherwood Foundation
Howard G. Buffett Foundation
NoVo Foundation
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars










Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 121622610
LCCN: n85256764
ISNI: 0000 0001 2149 5004
GND: 119261855
SELIBR: 387113
SUDOC: 050292668
BNF: cb13509178t (data)
NDL: 00722597
NKC: vse2005270947
BNE: XX1306624










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Warren_Buffett&oldid=791386992"					
Categories: 1930 births20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican agnosticsAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican salespeopleAmerican stockbrokersAmerican stock tradersAmerican venture capitalistsBerkshire Hathaway employeesBill & Melinda Gates Foundation peopleBuffett familyBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaBusinesspeople from NebraskaColumbia Business School alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayDirectors of The Coca-Cola CompanyEquity securitiesGiving PledgersGrinnell College peopleLiving peopleNebraska DemocratsPeople with cancerPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsStock and commodity market managersTechnical analystsThe Washington Post peopleUniversity of Nebraska–Lincoln alumniWoodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمازِرونیBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray吴语ייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

























Warren Buffett (@WarrenBuffett) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Warren BuffettVerified account



@WarrenBuffett












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
9
            



Followers
Followers
1.29M

 
 
More 













Unmute @WarrenBuffett

Mute @WarrenBuffett



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Warren BuffettVerified account



@WarrenBuffett


Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway



            Omaha, NE

      



 
    berkshirehathaway.com
  




Joined April 2013












                
                3 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @WarrenBuffett
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @WarrenBuffett
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Warren Buffett followed
        

























Warren Buffett‏Verified account @WarrenBuffett

29 Apr 2016






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Join me on Saturday at 10a ET for the first ever #BRKLiveStream on @YahooFinance http://yhoo.it/Berkshire pic.twitter.com/RPKqhniVTD
















733 replies




1,132 retweets




2,598 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Warren Buffett‏Verified account @WarrenBuffett

22 May 2015






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Better than raising the minimum wage, let's help Americans with an expansion of the Earned Income Tax Credit:http://www.wsj.com/articles/better-than-raising-the-minimum-wage-1432249927 …









1,136 replies




2,872 retweets




4,762 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Warren Buffett‏Verified account @WarrenBuffett

5 Mar 2015






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Mary Rhinehart, a Berkshire CEO, is successfully running a $2.5B company in a male-dominated field #LeanInTogetherpic.twitter.com/MNgeXvee18
















693 replies




2,392 retweets




4,815 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Warren Buffett‏Verified account @WarrenBuffett

24 Feb 2014






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Two personal investments and what you can learn from them: http://bit.ly/1fNkgK5 





974 replies




3,745 retweets




4,718 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Warren Buffett‏Verified account @WarrenBuffett

29 Sep 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Not even the Oracle knows what will happen tonight. #waltsuccessorpic.twitter.com/EM8gIzZib5
















933 replies




5,332 retweets




5,079 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Warren Buffett‏Verified account @WarrenBuffett

2 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Read my new essay on why women are key to America's prosperity: http://cnnmon.ie/18eXfik .





2,483 replies




12,009 retweets




6,321 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Warren Buffett‏Verified account @WarrenBuffett

2 May 2013






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Warren is in the house.





6,267 replies




41,932 retweets




18,736 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @WarrenBuffett hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Warren Buffett - Wikipedia




















 







Warren Buffett

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Warren Buffett



Warren Buffett in 2005



Born
Warren Edward Buffett
(1930-08-30) August 30, 1930 (age 86)
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Residence
Omaha, Nebraska, U.S.


Alma mater
University of Pennsylvania (transferred)
University of Nebraska–Lincoln (B.S.)
Columbia University (M.S.)


Occupation
Investor, business magnate, and philanthropist


Years active
1951–present


Known for
Leadership of Berkshire Hathaway with Charlie Munger


Salary
US$100,000[1]


Net worth
US$73.3 billion (May 2017)


Spouse(s)
Susan Thompson
(m. 1952; her death 2004)
Astrid Menks
(m. 2006)


Children
Susan Alice Buffett
Howard Graham Buffett
Peter Buffett


Parent(s)
Howard Buffett
Leila Stahl Buffett


Relatives
Howard Warren Buffett (grandson)


Signature





Warren Edward Buffett (/ˈbʌfᵻt/; born August 30, 1930)[2] is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world,[3][4] and as of March 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $73.3 billion.[5]
Born in Omaha, Buffett developed an interest in business and investing in his youth, eventually entering the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1947 before transferring and graduating from University of Nebraska–Lincoln at the age of 19. Buffett went on to enroll and graduate from Columbia University where he learned and eventually molded his investment philosophy around a concept pioneered by Benjamin Graham–value investing. He attended New York Institute of Finance to specialize his economics background and soon after began various business partnerships, including one with Graham. After meeting Charlie Munger, Buffett created the Buffett Partnership. His firm would eventually acquire a textile manufacturing firm called Berkshire Hathaway and assume its name to create a diversified holding company.
Buffett has been the chairman and largest shareholder of Berkshire Hathaway since 1970,[6] and his business exploits have had him referred to as the "Wizard", "Oracle" or "Sage" of Omaha by global media outlets.[7][8] He is noted for his adherence to value investing and for his personal frugality despite his immense wealth.[9]
Buffett is a notable philanthropist, having pledged to give away 99 percent[10] of his fortune to philanthropic causes, primarily via the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. In 2009, with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg, Warren founded The Giving Pledge, whereby billionaires pledge to give away at least half of their fortunes.[11]
He is also active in contributing to political causes, having endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election;[12] he has publicly opposed the policies, actions, and statements of the current U.S. president, Donald Trump.[13]



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Investment career

2.1 Early business career
2.2 Assuming Berkshire
2.3 As a billionaire
2.4 2007-08 financial crisis
2.5 A capitalized Berkshire


3 Investment philosophy

3.1 Index funds and active management


4 Personal life

4.1 Health


5 Wealth and philanthropy
6 Political and economic views

6.1 Health care
6.2 Taxes
6.3 Trade deficit
6.4 Dollar and gold
6.5 China
6.6 Tobacco
6.7 Coal
6.8 Renewable energy
6.9 Expensing of stock options
6.10 Technology


7 See also
8 Bibliography

8.1 Books about Buffett


9 References
10 Further reading
11 External links



Early life and education
Buffett was born in 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska. He was the second of three children and the only son of Leila (née Stahl) and Congressman Howard Buffett,[14] Buffett began his education at Rose Hill Elementary School. In 1942, his father was elected to the first of four terms in the United States Congress, and after moving with his family to Washington, D.C., Warren finished elementary school, attended Alice Deal Junior High School and graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in 1947, where his senior yearbook picture reads: "likes math; a future stockbroker."[15] After finishing high school and finding success with his side entrepreneurial and investment ventures, Buffett wanted to skip college to go directly into business, but was overruled by his father.[16][17]
Buffett displayed an interest in business and investing at a young age. He was inspired by a book he borrowed from the Omaha public library at the age of seven, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000.[18] Much of Buffett's early childhood years were enlivened with entrepreneurial ventures. One of his first business ventures, Buffett sold chewing gum, Coca-Cola bottles, or weekly magazines door to door. He worked in his grandfather's grocery store. While still in high school, he made money delivering newspapers, selling golf balls and stamps, and detailing cars, among other means. On his first income tax return in 1944, Buffett took a $35 deduction for the use of his bicycle and watch on his paper route.[19] In 1945, as a high school sophomore, Buffett and a friend spent $25 to purchase a used pinball machine, which they placed in the local barber shop. Within months, they owned several machines in three different barber shops across Omaha. The business was sold later in the year for $1,200 to a war veteran.[20]




Investor Benjamin Graham was influential on young Buffett


Buffett's interest in the stock market and investing dated to schoolboy days he spent in the customers' lounge of a regional stock brokerage near his father's own brokerage office. On a trip to New York City at age ten, he made a point to visit the New York Stock Exchange. At 11, he bought three shares of Cities Service Preferred for himself, and three for his sister Doris Buffett (founder of The Sunshine Lady Foundation).[21][22][23] At the age of 15, Warren made more than $175 monthly delivering Washington Post newspapers. In high school, he invested in a business owned by his father and bought a 40-acre farm worked by a tenant farmer. He bought the land when he was 14 years old with $1,200 of his savings. By the time he finished college, Buffett had accumulated $9,800 in savings (about $99,000 today).[20][24]
In 1947, Buffett entered the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He would have preferred to focus on his business ventures; however, he enrolled due to pressure from his father.[20] Warren studied there for two years and joined the Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity.[25] He then transferred to the University of Nebraska–Lincoln where at 19, he graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. After being rejected by Harvard Business School, Buffett enrolled at Columbia Business School of Columbia University upon learning that Benjamin Graham taught there. He earned a Master of Science in Economics from Columbia in 1951. After graduating, Buffett attended the New York Institute of Finance.[26]

The basic ideas of investing are to look at stocks as business, use the market's fluctuations to your advantage, and seek a margin of safety. That's what Ben Graham taught us. A hundred years from now they will still be the cornerstones of investing.[27][28][29]
— Warren Buffett

Investment career
For more details on Warren Buffett's time at Berkshire Hathaway, see List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway.
Early business career
Buffett worked from 1951 to 1954 at Buffett-Falk & Co. as an investment salesman; from 1954 to 1956 at Graham-Newman Corp. as a securities analyst; from 1956 to 1969 at Buffett Partnership, Ltd. as a general partner and from 1970, as Chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
In April 1952, Buffett discovered that Graham was on the board of GEICO insurance. Taking a train to Washington, D.C. on a Saturday, he knocked on the door of GEICO's headquarters until a janitor admitted him. There he met Lorimer Davidson, Geico's Vice President, and the two discussed the insurance business for hours. Davidson would eventually become Buffett's lifelong friend and a lasting influence,[30] and would later recall that he found Buffett to be an "extraordinary man" after only fifteen minutes. Buffett wanted to work on Wall Street; however, both his father and Ben Graham urged him not to. He offered to work for Graham for free, but Graham refused.[31]
Buffett returned to Omaha and worked as a stockbroker while taking a Dale Carnegie public speaking course.[32] Using what he learned, he felt confident enough to teach an "Investment Principles" night class at the University of Nebraska-Omaha. The average age of his students was more than twice his own. During this time he also purchased a Sinclair Texaco gas station as a side investment. However, this was not successful.[33]
In 1952,[34] Buffett married Susan Thompson at Dundee Presbyterian Church. The next year they had their first child, Susan Alice. In 1954, Buffett accepted a job at Benjamin Graham's partnership. His starting salary was $12,000 a year (about $107,000 today).[24] There he worked closely with Walter Schloss. Graham was a tough boss. He was adamant that stocks provide a wide margin of safety after weighing the trade-off between their price and their intrinsic value. The argument made sense to Buffett but he questioned whether the criteria were too stringent and caused the company to miss out on big winners that had other appealing features.[citation needed] That same year the Buffetts had their second child, Howard Graham. In 1956, Benjamin Graham retired and closed his partnership. At this time Buffett's personal savings were over $174,000 (about $1.53 million today)[24] and he started Buffett Partnership Ltd.




Buffett's home in Omaha, Nebraska


In 1957, Buffett operated three partnerships. He purchased a five-bedroom stucco house in Omaha, where he still lives, for $31,500.[35][36] In 1958 the Buffetts' third child, Peter Andrew, was born. Buffett operated five partnerships that year. In 1959, the company grew to six partnerships and Buffett met future partner Charlie Munger. By 1960, Buffett operated seven partnerships. He asked one of his partners, a doctor, to find ten other doctors willing to invest $10,000 each in his partnership. Eventually eleven agreed, and Buffett pooled their money with a mere $100 original investment of his own. In 1961, Buffett revealed that Sanborn Map Company accounted for 35% of the partnership's assets. He explained that in 1958 Sanborn stock sold at only $45 per share when the value of the Sanborn investment portfolio was $65 per share. This meant that buyers valued Sanborn stock at "minus $20" per share and were unwilling to pay more than 70 cents on the dollar for an investment portfolio with a map business thrown in for nothing which earned him a spot on Sanborn's board.[37]
Assuming Berkshire
In 1962, Buffett became a millionaire because of his partnerships, which in January 1962 had an excess of $7,178,500, of which over $1,025,000 belonged to Buffett. He merged these partnerships into one. Buffett invested in and eventually took control of a textile manufacturing firm, Berkshire Hathaway. He began buying shares in Berkshire from Seabury Stanton, the owner, whom he later fired. Buffett's partnerships began purchasing shares at $7.60 per share. In 1965, when Buffett's partnerships began purchasing Berkshire aggressively, they paid $14.86 per share while the company had working capital of $19 per share. This did not include the value of fixed assets (factory and equipment). Buffett took control of Berkshire Hathaway at a board meeting and named a new president, Ken Chace, to run the company. In 1966, Buffett closed the partnership to new money. He later claimed that the textile business had been his worst trade.[38] He then moved the business into the insurance sector, and, in 1985, the last of the mills that had been the core business of Berkshire Hathaway was sold. Buffett wrote in his letter: "... unless it appears that circumstances have changed (under some conditions added capital would improve results) or unless new partners can bring some asset to the partnership other than simply capital, I intend to admit no additional partners to BPL."[citation needed]
In a second letter, Buffett announced his first investment in a private business — Hochschild, Kohn and Co, a privately owned Baltimore department store. In 1967, Berkshire paid out its first and only dividend of 10 cents.[39] In 1969, following his most successful year, Buffett liquidated the partnership and transferred their assets to his partners. Among the assets paid out were shares of Berkshire Hathaway. In 1970, Buffett began writing his now-famous annual letters to shareholders. However, he lived solely on his salary of $50,000 per year and his outside investment income. In 1979, Berkshire began the year trading at $775 per share, and ended at $1,310. Buffett's net worth reached $620 million.[citation needed]
In 1973, Berkshire began to acquire stock in the Washington Post Company. Buffett became close friends with Katharine Graham, who controlled the company and its flagship newspaper, and joined its board. In 1974, the SEC opened a formal investigation into Buffett and Berkshire's acquisition of Wesco Financial, due to possible conflict of interest. No charges were brought. In 1977, Berkshire indirectly purchased the Buffalo Evening News for $32.5 million. Antitrust charges started, instigated by its rival, the Buffalo Courier-Express. Both papers lost money, until the Courier-Express folded in 1982.
In 1979, Berkshire began to acquire stock in ABC. Capital Cities announced a $3.5 billion purchase of ABC on March 18, 1985 surprising the media industry, as ABC was four times bigger than Capital Cities at the time. Buffett helped finance the deal in return for a 25% stake in the combined company.[40] The newly merged company, known as Capital Cities/ABC (or CapCities/ABC), was forced to sell some stations due to U.S. Federal Communications Commission ownership rules. The two companies also owned several radio stations in the same markets.[41]
In 1987, Berkshire Hathaway purchased a 12% stake in Salomon Inc., making it the largest shareholder and Buffett a director. In 1990, a scandal involving John Gutfreund (former CEO of Salomon Brothers) surfaced. A rogue trader, Paul Mozer, was submitting bids in excess of what was allowed by Treasury rules. When this was brought to Gutfreund's attention, he did not immediately suspend the rogue trader. Gutfreund left the company in August 1991.[42] Buffett became Chairman of Salomon until the crisis passed.[43]
In 1988, Buffett began buying The Coca-Cola Company stock, eventually purchasing up to 7% of the company for $1.02 billion.[44] It would turn out to be one of Berkshire's most lucrative investments, and one which it still holds.[citation needed]
As a billionaire
Buffett became a paper billionaire when Berkshire Hathaway began selling class A shares on May 29, 1990, with the market closing at US$7,175 a share.[45] In 1998 he acquired General Re (Gen Re) as a subsidiary in a deal that presented difficulties—according to the Rational Walk investment website, "underwriting standards proved to be inadequate," while a "problematic derivatives book" was resolved after numerous years and a significant loss.[46] Gen Re later provided reinsurance after Buffett became involved with Maurice R. Greenberg at AIG in 2002.[47]




Buffett meets with President Barack Obama at the White House in July 2011


During a 2005 investigation of an accounting fraud case involving AIG, Gen Re executives became implicated. On March 15, 2005, the AIG board forced Greenberg to resign from his post as Chairman and CEO after New York state regulators claimed that AIG had engaged in questionable transactions and improper accounting.[48] On February 9, 2006, AIG agreed to pay a US$1.6 billion fine.[49] In 2010 the U.S. government agreed to a US$92 million settlement with Gen Re, allowing the Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary to avoid prosecution in the AIG case. Gen Re also made a commitment to implement "corporate governance concessions," which required Berkshire Hathaway’s Chief Financial Officer to attend General Re’s audit committee meetings and mandated the appointment of an independent director.[46]
In 2002, Buffett entered in US$11 billion worth of forward contracts to deliver U.S. dollars against other currencies. By April 2006, his total gain on these contracts was over US$2 billion. In 2006, Buffett announced in June that he gradually would give away 85% of his Berkshire holdings to five foundations in annual gifts of stock, starting in July 2006—the largest contribution would go to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.[50]
In 2007, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett announced that he was looking for a younger successor, or perhaps successors, to run his investment business.[51] Buffett had previously selected Lou Simpson, who runs investments at Geico, to fill the role; however, Simpson is only six years younger than Buffett.[citation needed]
2007-08 financial crisis
Buffett ran into criticism during the subprime crisis of 2007–2008, part of the recession that started in 2007, that he had allocated capital too early resulting in suboptimal deals.[52] "Buy American. I am." he wrote for an opinion piece published in the New York Times in 2008.[53] Buffett called the downturn in the financial sector that started in 2007 "poetic justice".[54] Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway suffered a 77% drop in earnings during Q3 2008 and several of his later deals suffered large mark-to-market losses.[55]
Berkshire Hathaway acquired 10% perpetual preferred stock of Goldman Sachs.[56] Some of Buffett's put options (European exercise at expiry only) that he wrote (sold) were running at around $6.73 billion mark-to-market losses as of late 2008.[57] The scale of the potential loss prompted the SEC to demand that Berkshire produce, "a more robust disclosure" of factors used to value the contracts.[57] Buffett also helped Dow Chemical pay for its $18.8 billion takeover of Rohm & Haas. He thus became the single largest shareholder in the enlarged group with his Berkshire Hathaway, which provided $3 billion, underlining his instrumental role during the crisis in debt and equity markets.[58]
In 2008, Buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion[59] by Forbes and at $58 billion[60] by Yahoo, overtaking Bill Gates, who had been number one on the Forbes list for 13 consecutive years.[61] In 2009, Gates regained the top position on the Forbes list, with Buffett shifted to second place. Both of the men's values dropped, to $40 billion and $37 billion respectively—according to Forbes, Buffett lost $25 billion over a 12-month period during 2008/2009.[62]
In October 2008, the media reported that Buffett had agreed to buy General Electric (GE) preferred stock.[63] The operation included special incentives: He received an option to buy three billion shares of GE stock, at $22.25, over the five years following the agreement, and Buffett also received a 10% dividend (callable within three years). In February 2009, Buffett sold some Procter & Gamble Co. and Johnson & Johnson shares from his personal portfolio.[64]
In addition to suggestions of mistiming, the wisdom in keeping some of Berkshire's major holdings, including The Coca-Cola Company, which in 1998 peaked at $86, raised questions. Buffett discussed the difficulties of knowing when to sell in the company's 2004 annual report:

That may seem easy to do when one looks through an always-clean, rear-view mirror. Unfortunately, however, it's the windshield through which investors must peer, and that glass is invariably fogged.[65]

In March 2009, Buffett said in a cable television interview that the economy had "fallen off a cliff ... Not only has the economy slowed down a lot, but people have really changed their habits like I haven't seen". Additionally, Buffett feared that inflation levels that occurred in the 1970s—which led to years of painful stagflation—might re-emerge.[66][67]
A capitalized Berkshire




Buffett in 2015 at his annual Berkshire Shareholders Meeting


On August 14, 2014, the price of Berkshire Hathaway's shares hit US$200,000 a share for the first time, capitalizing the company at US$328 billion. While Buffett had given away much of his stock to charities by this time, he still held 321,000 shares worth US$64.2 billion. On August 20, 2014, Berkshire Hathaway was fined $896,000 for failing to report December 9, 2013 purchase of shares in USG Corporation as required.[68]
In 2009, Buffett invested $2.6 billion as a part of Swiss Re's campaign to raise equity capital.[69][70] Berkshire Hathaway already owned a 3% stake, with rights to own more than 20%.[71] Also in 2009, Buffett acquired Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp. for $34 billion in cash and stock. Alice Schroeder, author of Snowball, said that a key reason for the purchase was to diversify Berkshire Hathaway from the financial industry.[72] Measured by market capitalization in the Financial Times Global 500, Berkshire Hathaway was the eighteenth largest corporation in the world as of June 2009.[73]
In 2009, Buffett divested his failed investment in ConocoPhillips, saying to his Berkshire investors,

I bought a large amount of ConocoPhillips stock when oil and gas prices were near their peak. I in no way anticipated the dramatic fall in energy prices that occurred in the last half of the year. I still believe the odds are good that oil sells far higher in the future than the current $40–$50 price. But so far I have been dead wrong. Even if prices should rise, moreover, the terrible timing of my purchase has cost Berkshire several billion dollars.[74]

The merger with the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway (BNSF) closed upon BNSF shareholder approval in 1Q2010. This deal was valued at approximately $34 billion and represented an increase of the previously existing stake of 22%.[citation needed]
In June 2010, Buffett defended the credit-rating agencies for their role in the US financial crisis, claiming:

Very, very few people could appreciate the bubble. That's the nature of bubbles – they're mass delusions.[75]

On March 18, 2011, Goldman Sachs was given Federal Reserve approval to buy back Berkshire's preferred stock in Goldman. Buffett had been reluctant to give up the stock, which averaged $1.4 million in dividends per day,[76][77] saying:

I'm going to be the Osama bin Laden of capitalism. I'm on my way to an unknown destination in Asia where I'm going to look for a cave. If the U.S. Armed forces can't find Osama bin Laden in 10 years, let Goldman Sachs try to find me.[78]

In November 2011, it was announced that over the course of the previous eight months, Buffett had bought 64 million shares of International Business Machine Corp (IBM) stock, worth around $11 billion. This unanticipated investment raised his stake in the company to around 5.5 percent—the largest stake in IBM alongside that of State Street Global Advisors. Buffett had said on numerous prior occasions that he would not invest in technology because he did not fully understand it, so the move came as a surprise to many investors and observers. During the interview, in which he revealed the investment to the public, Buffett stated that he was impressed by the company's ability to retain corporate clients and said, "I don't know of any large company that really has been as specific on what they intend to do and how they intend to do it as IBM."[79]

External video




 Testing Mattresses with Warren Buffett, 3:24, gatesnotes[80]



In May 2012, Buffett's acquisition of Media General, consisting of 63 newspapers in the south-eastern U.S., was announced.[81] The company was the second news print purchase made by Buffett in one year.[82]
Interim publisher James W. Hopson announced on July 18, 2013 that the Press of Atlantic City would be sold to Buffett’s BH Media Group by ABARTA, a private holding company based in Pittsburgh, U.S. At the Berkshire shareholders meeting in May 2013, Buffett explained that he did not expect to "move the needle" at Berkshire with newspaper acquisitions, but he anticipates an annual return of 10 percent. The Press of Atlantic City became Berkshire's 30th daily newspaper, following other purchases such as Virginia, U.S.' Roanoke Times and The Tulsa World in Oklahoma, U.S.[83]
During a presentation to Georgetown University students in Washington, D.C. in late September 2013, Buffett compared the U.S. Federal Reserve to a hedge fund and stated that the bank is generating "$80 billion or $90 billion a year probably" in revenue for the U.S. government. Buffett also advocated further on the issue of wealth equality in society:

We have learned to turn out lots of goods and services, but we haven’t learned as well how to have everybody share in the bounty. The obligation of a society as prosperous as ours is to figure out how nobody gets left too far behind.[84]

After the difficulties of the economic crisis, Buffett managed to bring its company back to its pre-recession standards: in Q2 2014, Berkshire Hathaway made $6.4 billion in net profit, the most it had ever made in a three-month period.[85]
Investment philosophy
Warren Buffett's writings include his annual reports and various articles. Buffett is recognized by communicators[86] as a great story-teller, as evidenced by his annual letters to shareholders. He warned about the pernicious effects of inflation:[87]

The arithmetic makes it plain that inflation is a far more devastating tax than anything that has been enacted by our legislatures. The inflation tax has a fantastic ability to simply consume capital. It makes no difference to a widow with her savings in a 5 percent passbook account whether she pays 100 percent income tax on her interest income during a period of zero inflation, or pays no income taxes during years of 5 percent inflation.
— Buffett, Fortune (1977)

In his article "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", Buffett rebutted the academic efficient-market hypothesis, that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance", by highlighting the results achieved by a number of students of the Graham and Dodd value investing school of thought. In addition to himself, Buffett named Walter J. Schloss, Tom Knapp, Ed Anderson (Tweedy, Browne LLC), William J. Ruane (Sequoia Fund, Inc.), Charles Munger (Buffett's own business partner at Berkshire), Rick Guerin (Pacific Partners, Ltd.), and Stan Perlmeter (Perlmeter Investments).[88] In his November 1999 Fortune article, he warned of investors' unrealistic expectations:[89]

Let me summarize what I've been saying about the stock market: I think it's very hard to come up with a persuasive case that equities will over the next 17 years perform anything like—anything like—they've performed in the past 17. If I had to pick the most probable return, from appreciation and dividends combined, that investors in aggregate—repeat, aggregate—would earn in a world of constant interest rates, 2% inflation, and those ever hurtful frictional costs, it would be 6%!
— Buffett, Fortune (1999)

Index funds and active management
Towards his later life, particularly following the global financial crisis of 2007-8, Buffett became an increasingly vocal critic of active management, i.e., mutual funds and hedge funds. Buffett is skeptical that active management and stock-picking can outperform the market in the long run, and has advised both individual and institutional investors to move their money to low-cost index funds that track broad, diversified stock market indices. Buffett said in one of his letters to shareholders that "when trillions of dollars are managed by Wall Streeters charging high fees, it will usually be the managers who reap outsized profits, not the clients."[90] In 2007, Buffett made a bet with numerous managers that a simple S&P 500 index fund will outperform hedge funds that charge exorbitant fees. By 2017, the index fund was outperforming every hedge fund that had made the bet against Buffett by a significant margin.[90]
Personal life




Buffett with Gary Green in 2010


In 1949, Buffett was infatuated with a young woman whose current boyfriend had a ukulele. In an attempt to compete, he bought one of the diminutive instruments and has been playing it ever since. Though the attempt was unsuccessful, his music interest was a key part of his becoming a part of Susan Thompson's life and led to their marriage. Buffett often plays the instrument at stock holder meetings and other opportunities. His love of the instrument led to the commissioning of two custom Dairy Queen ukuleles by Dave Talsma, one of which was auctioned for charity.[91]
Buffett married Susan Buffett (née Thompson) in 1952. They had three children, Susie, Howard and Peter. The couple began living separately in 1977, although they remained married until Susan Buffett's death in July 2004. Their daughter, Susie, lives in Omaha, is a national board member of Girls, Inc., and does charitable work through the Susan A. Buffett Foundation.[citation needed]
In 2006, on his 76th birthday, Buffett married his longtime companion, Astrid Menks, who was then 60 years old—she had lived with him since his wife's departure to San Francisco in 1977.[92][93] Susan had arranged for the two to meet before she left Omaha to pursue her singing career. All three were close and Christmas cards to friends were signed "Warren, Susie and Astrid".[94] Susan briefly discussed this relationship in an interview on the Charlie Rose Show shortly before her death, in a rare glimpse into Buffett's personal life.[95]
Buffett disowned his son Peter's adopted daughter, Nicole, in 2006 after she participated in the Jamie Johnson documentary The One Percent about the growing economic inequality between the wealthy and the average citizen in the United States. Although his first wife referred to Nicole as one of her "adored grandchildren",[96] Buffett wrote her a letter stating, "I have not emotionally or legally adopted you as a grandchild, nor have the rest of my family adopted you as a niece or a cousin."[97][98][99]
His 2006 annual salary was about US$100,000, which is small compared to senior executive remuneration in comparable companies.[100] In 2008, he earned a total compensation of $175,000, which included a base salary of just $100,000.[101] He continued to live in the same house in the central Dundee neighborhood of Omaha that he bought in 1958 for $31,500, a fraction of today's value. He also owns a $4 million house in Laguna Beach, California.[102] In 1989, after spending nearly $6.7 million of Berkshire's funds on a private jet, Buffett named it "The Indefensible". This act was a break from his past condemnation of extravagant purchases by other CEOs and his history of using more public transportation.[103]


“
Bridge is such a sensational game that I wouldn't mind being in jail if I had three cellmates who were decent players and who were willing to keep the game going twenty-four hours a day.
”


— Buffett on bridge[104]


Buffett is an avid bridge player, which he plays with fellow fan Gates[105]—he allegedly spends 12 hours a week playing the game.[106] In 2006, he sponsored a bridge match for the Buffett Cup. Modeled on the Ryder Cup in golf—held immediately before it in the same city—the teams are chosen by invitation, with a female team and five male teams provided by each country.[107]
He is a dedicated, lifelong follower of Nebraska football, and attends as many games as his schedule permits. He supported the hire of Bo Pelini, following the 2007 season, stating, "It was getting kind of desperate around here".[108] He watched the 2009 game against Oklahoma from the Nebraska sideline, after being named an honorary assistant coach.[109]
Buffett worked with Christopher Webber on an animated series called "Secret Millionaires Club" with chief Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment. The series features Buffett and Munger, and teaches children healthy financial habits.[110][111]
Buffett was raised as a Presbyterian, but has since described himself as agnostic.[112] In December 2006, it was reported that Buffett does not carry a mobile phone, does not have a computer at his desk, and drives his own automobile,[113] a Cadillac DTS.[114] In 2013 he had an old Nokia flip phone and had sent one email in his entire life.[115] Buffett reads five newspapers every day, beginning with the Omaha World Herald, which his company acquired in 2011.
A September 2014 Fast Company article featured Buffett's “avoid at all cost” practice, used to prioritize personal goals. Buffett advises people to first create a list of the top 25 accomplishments that they would like to complete over the next few years of their life, and to then pick the five most-important list items. Buffett stated that people need to “avoid at all cost” the initial, longer list, as it would hinder the achievement of the top-five.[116]
Buffett's speeches are known for mixing business discussions with humor. Each year, Buffett presides over Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting in the Qwest Center in Omaha, Nebraska, an event drawing over 20,000 visitors from both United States and abroad, giving it the nickname "Woodstock of Capitalism". Berkshire's annual reports and letters to shareholders, prepared by Buffett, frequently receive coverage by the financial media. Buffett's writings are known for containing quotations from sources as varied as the Bible and Mae West,[117] as well as advice in a folksy Midwestern style and numerous jokes.
In April 2017 Buffett (an avid Coca-Cola drinker and investor in said company) agreed to have his likeness placed on cherry coke products in China. Buffett was not compensated for this advertisement.[118][119]
Health
On April 11, 2012, Buffett was diagnosed with stage I prostate cancer during a routine test.[120] He announced he would begin two months of daily radiation treatment from mid-July; however, in a letter to shareholders, Buffett said he felt "great - as if I were in my normal excellent health - and my energy level is 100 percent". On September 15, 2012, Buffett announced that he had completed the full 44-day radiation treatment cycle, saying "it's a great day for me" and "I am so glad to say that's over".[121]
Wealth and philanthropy




Buffett, Kathy Ireland and Bill Gates at the 2015 Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting


In 2008 he was ranked by Forbes as the richest person in the world with an estimated net worth of approximately US$62 billion.[122] In 2009, after donating billions of dollars to charity, Buffett was ranked as the second richest man in the United States with a net worth of US$37 billion[123][124] with only Bill Gates ranked higher than Buffett. His net worth had risen to $58.5 billion as of September 2013.[125]
In 1999, Buffett was named the top money manager of the Twentieth Century in a survey by the Carson Group, ahead of Peter Lynch and John Templeton.[126] In 2007, he was listed among Time's 100 Most Influential People in the world.[127] In 2011, President Barack Obama awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.[128] Most recently, Buffett, along with Bill Gates, was named the most influential global thinker in Foreign Policy's 2010 report.[129]
Buffett has written several times of his belief that, in a market economy, the rich earn outsized rewards for their talents.[130] His children will not inherit a significant proportion of his wealth. He once commented, "I want to give my kids just enough so that they would feel that they could do anything, but not so much that they would feel like doing nothing".[131]
Buffett had long stated his intention to give away his fortune to charity, and in June 2006, he announced a new plan to give 83% of it to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.[132] He pledged about the equivalent of 10 million Berkshire Hathaway Class B shares to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (worth approximately US$30.7 billion as of June 23, 2006),[133] making it the largest charitable donation in history, and Buffett one of the leaders of philanthrocapitalism.[134] The foundation will receive 5% of the total each July, beginning in 2006. (The pledge is conditional upon the foundation's giving away each year, beginning in 2009, an amount that is at least equal to the value of the entire previous year's gift from Buffett, in addition to 5% of the foundation's net assets.) Buffett joined the Gates Foundation's board, but did not plan to be actively involved in the foundation's investments.[135][136]
This represented a significant shift from Buffett's previous statements, to the effect that most of his fortune would pass to his Buffett Foundation.[137] The bulk of the estate of his wife, valued at $2.6 billion, went there when she died in 2004.[138] He also pledged $50 million to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, in Washington, where he began serving as an adviser in 2002.[139]
In 2006, he auctioned his 2001 Lincoln Town Car[140] on eBay to raise money for Girls, Inc.[141] In 2007, he auctioned a luncheon with himself that raised a final bid of $650,100 for the Glide Foundation.[142] Later auctions raised $2,110,100,[143][144] $1.68 million[145] and $3,456,789. The winners traditionally dine with Buffett at New York's Smith and Wollensky steak house. The restaurant donates at least $10,000 to Glide each year to host the meal.[146]
On December 9, 2010, Buffett, Bill Gates, and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg signed a promise they called the "Gates-Buffett Giving Pledge", in which they promise to donate to charity at least half of their wealth, and invite other wealthy people to follow suit.[11][147]
Political and economic views




Buffett and President Obama in the Oval Office, July 14, 2010


In addition to political contributions over the years, Buffett endorsed and made campaign contributions to Barack Obama's presidential campaign. On July 2, 2008, Buffett attended a $28,500 per plate fundraiser for Obama's campaign in Chicago.[148] Buffett intimated that John McCain's views on social justice were so far from his own that McCain would need a "lobotomy" for Buffett to change his endorsement.[149] During the second 2008 U.S. presidential debate, McCain and Obama, after being asked first by presidential debate mediator Tom Brokaw, both mentioned Buffett as a possible future Secretary of the Treasury.[150] Later, in the third and final presidential debate, Obama mentioned Buffett as a potential economic advisor.[151] Buffett was also finance advisor to California Republican Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger during his 2003 election campaign.[152]
On December 16, 2015, Buffett endorsed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president.[12] On August 1, 2016, Buffett challenged Donald Trump to release his tax returns.[153][154] On October 10, 2016, after another reference to him in the 2nd 2016 presidential debate, Buffett released his own tax return.[155][156] He said he had paid $1.85 million in federal income taxes in 2015 on an adjusted gross income of $11.6 million, meaning he had an effective federal income tax rate of around 16 percent. Buffett also said he had made more than $2.8 billion worth of donations last year.[156] Buffett said, "I have been audited by the IRS multiple times and am currently being audited. I have no problem in releasing my tax information while under audit. Neither would Mr. Trump -- at least he would have no legal problem." This was a measured response to Trump saying he was unable to release his tax information due to being under audit.[156]
Health care
Buffett described the health care reform under President Barack Obama as insufficient to deal with the costs of health care in the US, though he supports its aim of expanding health insurance coverage.[157] Buffett compared health care costs to a tapeworm, saying that they compromise US economic competitiveness by increasing manufacturing costs.[157] Buffett thinks health care costs should head towards 13 to 14% of GDP.[158] (Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, the CMS actuary has projected health care costs will reach almost 20% of GDP by 2020.)[159] Buffett said "If you want the very best, I mean if you want to spend a million dollars to prolong your life 3 months in a coma or something then the US is probably the best", but he also said that other countries spend much less and receive much more in health care value (visits, hospital beds, doctors and nurses per capita).[160]
Buffett faults the incentives in the United States medical industry, that payers reimburse doctors for procedures (fee-for-service) leading to unnecessary care (overutilization), instead of paying for results.[161] He cited Atul Gawande's 2009 article in the New Yorker[162] as a useful consideration of US health care, with its documentation of unwarranted variation in Medicare expenditures between McAllen, Texas and El Paso, Texas.[161] Buffett raised the problem of lobbying by the medical industry, saying that they are very focused on maintaining their income.[163]


Play media


President Obama announcing the "Buffett Rule"


Taxes
See also: Buffett Rule
Buffett stated that he only paid 19% of his income for 2006 ($48.1 million) in total federal taxes (due to their source as dividends and capital gains, although the figure excluded the taxes on that income paid by the corporations that provided it), while his employees paid 33% of theirs, despite making much less money.[164] “How can this be fair?” Buffett asked, regarding how little he pays in taxes compared to his employees. "How can this be right?" He also added, "There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning."[165][166] After Donald Trump accused him of taking "massive deductions," Buffett countered, "I have copies of all 72 of my returns and none uses a carryforward."[167]
Buffett favors the inheritance tax, saying that repealing it would be like "choosing the 2020 Olympic team by picking the eldest sons of the gold-medal winners in the 2000 Olympics".[168] In 2007, Buffett testified before the Senate and urged them to preserve the estate tax so as to avoid a plutocracy.[169] Some critics argued that Buffett (through Berkshire Hathaway) has a personal interest in the continuation of the estate tax, since Berkshire Hathaway benefited from the estate tax in past business dealings and had developed and marketed insurance policies to protect policy holders against future estate tax payments.[170] Buffett believes government should not be in the business of gambling, or legalizing casinos, calling it a tax on ignorance.[171]
Trade deficit
Buffett viewed the United States' expanding trade deficit as a trend that will devalue the US dollar and US assets. He predicted that the US dollar will lose value in the long run, as a result of putting a larger portion of ownership of US assets in the hands of foreigners. In his letter to shareholders in March 2005, he predicted that in another ten years' time the net ownership of the U.S. by outsiders would amount to $11 trillion.

Americans ... would chafe at the idea of perpetually paying tribute to their creditors and owners abroad. A country that is now aspiring to an 'ownership society' will not find happiness in – and I'll use hyperbole here for emphasis – a 'sharecropping society’.

Dollar and gold
The trade deficit induced Buffett to enter the foreign currency market for the first time in 2002. He substantially reduced his stake in 2005 as changing interest rates increased the costs of holding currency contracts. Buffett remained bearish on the dollar, stating that he was looking to acquire companies with substantial foreign revenues. Buffett emphasized the non-productive aspect of a gold standard for the United States dollar in 1998 at Harvard:

It gets dug out of the ground in Africa, or someplace. Then we melt it down, dig another hole, bury it again and pay people to stand around guarding it. It has no utility. Anyone watching from Mars would be scratching their head.

In 1977, about stocks, gold, farmland and inflation, he stated:

Stocks are probably still the best of all the poor alternatives in an era of inflation – at least they are if you buy in at appropriate prices.[172]

China
Buffett invested in PetroChina Company Limited and in a rare move, posted a commentary[173] on Berkshire Hathaway's website stating why he would not divest over its connection with the Sudanese civil war that caused Harvard to divest. He sold this stake soon afterwards, sparing him the billions of dollars he would have lost had he held on to the company in the midst of the steep drop in oil prices beginning in the summer of 2008.
In October 2008, Buffett invested $230 million for 10% of battery maker BYD Company (SEHK: 1211), which runs a subsidiary of electric automobile manufacturer BYD Auto. In less than one year, the investment reaped over 500% return.[174]
Tobacco
During the RJR Nabisco, Inc. hostile takeover fight in 1987, Buffett was quoted as telling John Gutfreund:[175]

I'll tell you why I like the cigarette business. It costs a penny to make. Sell it for a dollar. It's addictive. And there's fantastic brand loyalty.
— Buffett, quoted in Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco

Speaking at Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s 1994 annual meeting, Buffett said investments in tobacco are:[176]

fraught with questions that relate to societal attitudes and those of the present administration. I would not like to have a significant percentage of my net worth invested in tobacco businesses. The economy of the business may be fine, but that doesn't mean it has a bright future.
— Buffett, Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting

Coal
In 2007, Buffett's PacifiCorp, a subsidiary of his MidAmerican Energy Company, canceled six proposed coal-fired power plants. These included Utah's Intermountain Power Project Unit 3, Jim Bridger Unit 5, and four proposed plants previously included in PacifiCorp's Integrated Resource Plan. The cancellations came in the wake of pressure from regulators and citizen groups.[177]
Renewable energy
American Indian tribes and salmon fishermen sought to win support from Buffett for a proposal to remove four hydroelectric dams from the Klamath River. David Sokol responded on Buffett's behalf, stating that the FERC would decide the question.[178][179]
In December 2011, Buffett's MidAmerican Energy Holdings agreed to buy a $2 billion solar energy project under development in California and a 49 percent stake in a $1.8 billion plant in Arizona, his first investments in solar power. He already owned wind farms.[180]
Expensing of stock options
He has been a strong proponent of stock option expensing on corporate Income Statements. At the 2004 annual meeting, he lambasted a bill before the United States Congress that would consider only some company-issued stock options compensation as an expense, likening the bill to one that was almost passed by the Indiana House of Representatives to change the value of Pi from 3.14159 to 3.2 through legislative fiat.[181]

When a company gives something of value to its employees in return for their services, it is clearly a compensation expense. And if expenses don't belong in the earnings statement, where in the world do they belong?[182]

Technology
In May 2012, Buffett said he had avoided buying stock in new social media companies such as Facebook and Google because it is hard to estimate future value. He also stated that initial public offering (IPO) of stock are almost always bad investments. Investors should be looking to companies that will have good value in ten years.[183]
See also

List of University of Nebraska-Lincoln people
List of Columbia University alumni
List of University of Pennsylvania people

Bibliography
Books about Buffett
In October 2008, USA Today reported at least 47 books were in print with Buffett's name in the title. The article quoted the CEO of Borders Books, George Jones, as saying that the only other living persons named in as many book titles were U.S. presidents, world political figures and the Dalai Lama.[184] Buffett said that his own personal favorite is a collection of his essays called The Essays of Warren Buffett,[185] which he described as "a coherent rearrangement of ideas from my annual report letters".[184]
Books or publications by Buffett:

The Essays of Warren Buffett : Lessons for Corporate America, Warren Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; revised edition (April 11, 2001), ISBN 978-0-9664461-1-1
The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition, Warren E. Buffett and Lawrence A. Cunningham, The Cunningham Group; 2nd edition (April 14, 2008), ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8

Some best-selling, or otherwise notable, books about Buffett:

Carol J. Loomis, Tap Dancing to Work: Warren Buffett on Practically Everything, 1966-2012: A Fortune Magazine Book.
Preston Pysh, Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books.[186] (An interactive book that references http://www.buffettsbooks.com for online videos)[184]
Roger Lowenstein, Buffett, Making of an American Capitalist
Robert Hagstrom, The Warren Buffett Way.[184][187]
Alice Schroeder, The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life.[188] (Written with Buffett's cooperation.)[189]
Mary Buffett and David Clark, Buffettology[190] and four subsequent books. (Combined sales of more than 1.5 million copies.)[184]
Janet Lowe, Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor.[191]
John Train, The Midas Touch: The Strategies That Have Made Warren Buffett 'America's Preeminent Investor'.[192]
Andrew Kilpatrick, Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.[193] (The longest of the books about Buffett, with 330 chapters, 1,874 pages and 1,400 photos, weighing 10.2 pounds.)[184]
Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
John P. Reese, "The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies".[194] (Includes step-by-step stock-picking method based on Buffett's approach)
Janet M. Tavakoli, Dear Mr. Buffett: what an investor learns 1,269 miles from Wall Street, John Wiley and Sons, 2008, ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6[195]
Vahan Janjigian, Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can—and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor[196]

References


^ "Warren E Buffett, CEO Compensation". Forbes. March 30, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "Warren Buffett Biography (1930–)". Biography.com (FYI / A&E Networks). Retrieved January 28, 2016. 
^ "Ten great investors". Incademy Investor Education. Harriman House Ltd. Archived from the original on November 20, 2015. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ Farrington, Robert. "The top 10 investors of all time". The College Investor. The College Investor, LLC. Retrieved November 20, 2015. 
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved 11 May 2017. 
^ "The Greatest Investors: Warren Buffett". Investopedia.com. Retrieved March 6, 2009. 
^ Markels, Alex (July 29, 2007). "How to Make Money the Buffett Way". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on October 22, 2013. 
^ Sullivan, Aline (December 20, 1997). "Buffett, the Sage of Omaha, Makes Value Strategy Seem Simple: Secrets of a High Plains Investor". International Herald Tribune. 
^ Gogoi, Pallavi (May 8, 2007). "What Warren Buffett might buy". MSNBC. Retrieved May 9, 2007. 
^ Buffett, Warren (June 16, 2010). "My philanthropic pledge". CNN. 
^ a b "US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ a b Warren Buffett Endorses Hillary Clinton and Calls for Higher Taxes on Wealthy December 16, 2015
^ PBS NewsHour (June 26, 2017). "America should stand for more than just wealth, says Warren Buffett" – via YouTube. 
^ Blair, Elliot (January 29, 2004). "Nebraska family clashes over love, money and death". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett's High School Yearbook Totally Nailed What He Would Be When He Grew Up". Business Insider. Retrieved 2017-05-15. 
^ Robert G. Hagstrom. "The Warren Buffett Way". Wiley Publishers. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert (2001). The Essential Buffett: Timeless Principles for the New Economy. Wiley. p. 24. 
^ Levere, Jane (January 30, 2017). "New HBO Documentary On Warren Buffett Uses Family Photos, Home Movies To Reveal His Life Story". Forbes. Retrieved July 7, 2017. A voracious reader his entire life, at age seven he read a book he borrowed from the library, One Thousand Ways to Make $1000, and, inspired by its lessons, began selling Coca-Cola, gum and newspapers. 
^ "Buffett 'becomes world's richest'". BBC. March 6, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ a b c "Warren Buffett Timeline". About Money. Retrieved April 30, 2015. 
^ "Doris Buffett works one-on-one to help with billionaire brother's charity, May 27, 2014". csmonitor.com. Retrieved January 4, 2015. 
^ "Special Feature, April 29, 1999: Berkshire and Buffett". Fool.com. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Robert P. Miles (2004). Warren Buffett wealth: principles and practical methods used by the world's greatest investor. John Wiley and Sons. p. 26. ISBN 978-0-471-46511-9. 
^ a b c Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis Community Development Project. "Consumer Price Index (estimate) 1800–". Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. Retrieved January 2, 2017. 
^ [1], The Daily Pennsylvanian.
^ "History". www.warrenbuffett.com. Retrieved 2016-12-13. 
^ Hagstrom 2005, p. 14 Warren Buffett is now the richest man in the world with $65 billion. GE Raises $15 billion; Buffett Gets Preferred Stake (Update3)
^ Heath, Jason (April 24, 2012). "What Warren Buffett’s cancer diagnosis can teach investors". Financial Post. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Cabot Heritage Corporation (January 15, 2013). "Who is Warren Buffett? - NASDAQ.com". NASDAQ.com. Retrieved March 4, 2015. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. p. 43. ISBN 0-385-48491-7. 
^ "Lecture at the University of Florida School of Business – Transcript (PDF document)" (PDF). Intelligent Investor. October 15, 1998. Retrieved May 7, 2010. 
^ ""Person to Person": Warren Buffett". CBS News. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2008). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell. p. 169. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Schudel, Matt (July 30, 2004). "Susan T. Buffett, 72, Dies; Wife of Billionaire Investor". The Washington Post. p. B06. Retrieved July 13, 2009. 
^ "Billionaire Houses". Retrieved October 20, 2016. 
^ Poppick, Susie (May 1, 2016). "This Is How Much It Costs to Live Next Door to Warren Buffett". Time. Retrieved October 1, 2016. 
^ "The Evolution of Warren Buffett's Career from 1936 to 2013". The Value Investing Blog of Old School Value. 2013-10-23. Retrieved 2017-02-04. 
^ Buffett's Worst Trade. CNBC. October 18, 2010. 
^ Graham Kenny (3 August 2009). Diversification Strategy: How to Grow a Business by Diversifying Successfully. Kogan Page Publishers. p. 160. ISBN 978-0-7494-5833-1. 
^ Kleinfield, N.R. "ABC is being sold for $3.5 billion; 1st network sale". The New York Times, March 19, 1985.
^ "FCC approval of Capcities/ABC deal likely". Broadcasting, March 25, 1985.
^ "Inaction Can be as Dangerous as Bad Action, Aly Gonenne, Class of 2004, Duke Leadership Development Initiative". Mbaa.fuqua.duke.edu. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Redirecting Archived March 8, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Learn About the Life and Business of Billionaire, Warren Buffett". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-03-03. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway Inc. historical prices". Google Finance. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ a b "General Re Settlement in AIG Case Closes Difficult Chapter". The Rational Walk. The Rational Walk. January 21, 2010. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Warren E. Buffett (February 21, 2003). "Berkshire’s Corporate Performance vs. the S&P 500" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved August 16, 2014. 
^ Diane Brady, Marcia Vickers, Mike McNamee (April 10, 2005). "AIG: What Went Wrong". Bloomberg Businessweek. Bloomberg LP. Retrieved August 16, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "AIG to Pay $800 Million to Settle Securities Fraud Charges by SEC; Over $1.6 billion to be Paid to Resolve Federal and New York State Actions". Securities and Exchange Commission. February 9, 2006. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. 
^ "HELP WANTED: Warren Buffett Replacement". ABC News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Crippen, Alex. "WSJ to Warren Buffett: "Time to Get a New Crystal Ball"". CNBC. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (October 16, 2008). "Buy American. I am.". The New York Times. Retrieved December 25, 2012. 
^ Dabrowski, Wojtek (February 7, 2008). "Buffett: Bank woes are "poetic justice"". Reuters. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Even Buffett Can't Escape Markets, Storms; Berkshire Profit Falls 77%". Insurance Journal. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ Press Release. "Berkshire Hathaway to Invest $5 billion in Goldman Sachs". Goldman Sachs. Archived from the original on December 20, 2008. Retrieved November 14, 2008. 
^ a b Stempel, Jonathan (November 24, 2008). "Buffett to disclose more on derivatives". Reuters. Retrieved November 27, 2008. 
^ Fontanella, James (July 11, 2008). "ftalphaville.ft.com, Buffett helps Dow pay $19bn for R&H". Financial Times. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "#1 Warren Buffett". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Buffett overtakes Gates to top new Forbes list". Reuters. October 10, 2008. Archived from the original on October 14, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "#2 Warren Buffett – The World's Billionaires 2009". Forbes. February 13, 2009. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Clark, Andrew (October 1, 2008). "Warren Buffett to buy $3bn of General Electric preferred stock". The Guardian. 
^ "Berkshire Hathaway unloads J&J and P&G". Financial Express. February 17, 2009. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Schroeder, Alice The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life ISBN 0-553-80509-6 Bantam Sept 2008
^ Josh Funk, "Buffett says nation will face higher unemployment", AP on Seattle Times, March 9, 2009. Retrieved November 28, 2010.
^ "Buffett: The economy has 'fallen off a cliff'", MSN.com, March 9, 2009 . Retrieved April 3, 2009.
^ Stempel, Jonathan (August 20, 2014) UPDATE 3-U.S. fines Berkshire over stock deal, Buffett admits mistake. Reuters.com. Retrieved August 21, 2014.
^ Lionel Laurent (February 5, 2009). "Buffett Sinks Billions Into Swiss Re". Forbes. 
^ Jolly, David (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re Gets $2.6 billion From Berkshire Hathaway". The New York Times. 
^ Haig Simonian, Francesco Guerrera (February 5, 2009). "Swiss Re turns to Buffett for new funding". The Financial Times. 
^ "Alice Schroeder on Buffett and BNI; Which Company Will Berkshire Hathaway Acquire Next?". GuruFocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ FTGlobal500.pdf June 2009,FT.com
^ "Warren Buffett’s Multi-Billion Mistake with ConocoPhillips (COP)". Gurufocus.com. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Credit rating agencies not to blame for crisis says Buffett". Insideireland.ie. June 3, 2010. Archived from the original on August 2, 2012. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Berkshire Will Not Exercise Goldman Sachs Warrants Immediately". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Harper, Christine (March 18, 2011). "Goldman Sachs to Pay $5.65 billion to Redeem Buffett’s Stake". Business Week. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ Quick, Becky (March 20, 2011). "Where Will Warren Buffett Hide From Goldman Sachs?". CNBC. Retrieved May 4, 2011. 
^ "Buffett sheds tech aversion with big IBM investment". Reuters. November 14, 2011. 
^ "Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs". MarketWatch. Dow Jones & Company. June 8, 2017. Retrieved June 9, 2017. 
^ "Warren Buffett invests in Media General newspapers". BBC News. May 17, 2012. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (May 17, 2012). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway buys Media General newspaper group". The Guardian. London. Retrieved May 25, 2012. 
^ Crippen, Alex (July 18, 2013). "Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bets on Atlantic City". CNBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ Buhayar, Noah (September 20, 2013). "Buffett Calls Federal Reserve History’s Greatest Hedge Fund". Bloomberg. Retrieved September 20, 2013. 
^ "Warren Buffett’s firm just made the most money ever in a single quarter". August 2, 2014. 
^ Lou Hoffman, The Hoffman Agency. "Startup lessons learned from Warren Buffett." April 13, 2010. Retrieved, April 16, 2010.
^ How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor, Warren Buffett, Fortune, May 1977
^ "Official Buffett Biography to Hit Shelves". The New York Times. August 12, 2008. Retrieved August 15, 2008. 
^ Warren Buffett; Carol Loomis (November 22, 1999). "Mr. Buffett on the Stock Market". Fortune. 
^ a b "Warren Buffett, 'Oracle of Omaha', criticizes Wall Street and praises immigrants". Reuters via the Guardian. 25 February 2017. 
^ Yates, Chelsea. "The Billionaire and the Ukulele". Hear Nebraska. 
^ Bailey, Jeff; Dash, Eric (September 1, 2006). "How Does Warren Buffett Get Married? Frugally, It Turns Out". The New York Times. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Brian Goodman (August 31, 2006). "Wedding Bells For Warren Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ Lowenstein, Roger. Buffett: The Making of an American Capitalist. Random House. ISBN 0-8129-7927-3. 
^ "Susan Buffett in Her Own Words: Conversations with Charlie Rose". Bookworm Omaha. Archived from the original on December 23, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008.  Also freely available at Hulu.
^ The Rich Man's Michael Moore Wall Street Journal, Robert Frank. February 23, 2008
^ Goodman, Leah McGrath (December 2008). "The Billionaire's Black Sheep". Marie Claire. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Nichols, Michelle (February 21, 2008). "Documentary on wealth gap divides Buffett family". Reuters. Retrieved March 19, 2010. 
^ Schroeder, Alice (2009). The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Random House. pp. 656–657. ISBN 978-0-553-38461-1.  Excerpt available at Google Books.
^ Smith, Rich (June 29, 2005). "Stupid CEO Tricks". Motley Fool. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ 2008 CEO Compensation for Warren E. Buffett, Equilar Archived April 14, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Chairman's Letter 1989". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Owen, David (September 17, 2007). "Turning Tricks: The rise and fall of contract bridge.". The New Yorker. Retrieved November 25, 2011. 
^ Moore, Martha T. (December 19, 2005). "Billionaires bank on bridge to trump poker". USA Today. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Blackstone, John (February 17, 2008). "Bringing Back Bridge". CBS News. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Doreen MacMillan (October 5, 2012). "Bridge Scene: United States team secures the 2012 Warren Buffett Cup". Collier Citizen. Scripps Media Inc. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "The Varsity Zone Talks Football with Warren Buffett". YouTube. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Sherman, Mitch (November 7, 2009). "From the sidelines: Can some of these guys suit up?". Omaha World-Herald.  Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Warren Buffett, Martha Stewart, Gisele Bündchen, and Kosmos Featuring Carl Sagan Headline New Slate of Purpose-Driven Entertainment for Children. Business Wire. July 24, 2009. Archived from the original on October 5, 2015. 
^ "CNBC TRANSCRIPT: Warren Buffett's 'Secret Millionaire's Club' Live Interview on Squawk Box". CNBC. 
^ Wired article Faces of the New Atheism: The Scribe published November 2006. Retrieved November 10, 2009.
^ "How Warren Buffett made his billions". Rediff.com. December 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Taylor III, Alex (June 4, 2006). "Buffett backs GM – and buys a Caddy". CNN. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Piers Morgan (October 22, 2013). "Warren Buffett on cell phones, email, and material goods". CNN. Retrieved November 11, 2014. 
^ Vivian Giang (September 3, 2014). "4 ODD YET EFFECTIVE WAYS THE SMARTEST PEOPLE PRIORITIZE THEIR DAYS". Fast Company. Mansueto Ventures, LLC. Retrieved September 9, 2014. 
^ "Chairman's Letter—1993". Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "How billionaire Warren Buffett became the face of Cherry Coke in China". ABC News. 2017-04-05. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ France-Presse, Agence (2017-04-05). "Billionaire Warren Buffet becomes face of Cherry Coke in China". The Guardian. ISSN 0261-3077. Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Warren Buffett diagnosed with stage one prostate cancer". BBC News. Retrieved December 27, 2015. 
^ Sam Ro (September 15, 2012). "Warren Buffett Completes Cancer Treatments". Business Insider. 
^ "The World's Billionaires". Forbes. March 5, 2008. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Boyle, Christina (October 1, 2009). "Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Christy Walton top 2009's 'Forbes 400: Richest Americans' list". Daily News. New York. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Warren Buffett signs over $30.7B to Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation". USA Today. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "The Forbes 400: The Richest People In America". Forbes. Retrieved June 29, 2014. 
^ "Warren Buffett and Peter Lynch Voted Top Money Managers of the Century". Business Wire. November 22, 1999. Archived from the original on December 9, 2007. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Cramer, James J. (April 19, 2003). "Warren Buffett". TIME. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Julianna Goldman (February 15, 2011). "Obama Honors Buffett, George H.W. Bush With Medal of Freedom". Bloomberg. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "The FP Top 100 Global Thinkers". Foreign Policy. November 29, 2010. Retrieved November 28, 2010. 
^ "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor", Warren E. Buffett, Fortune May 1977 #
^ An Exclusive Hour with Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates. Charlie Rose. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Loomis, Carol J. (June 25, 2006). "Warren Buffett gives away his fortune". Fortune. Retrieved December 22, 2015. 
^ "Gates: Buffett gift may help cure worst diseases". MSNBC. June 26, 2006. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "The birth of philanthrocapitalism". The Economist. February 23, 2006. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and STEPHANIE SAUL (June 26, 2006). "Buffett to Give Bulk of His Fortune to Gates Charity". The New York Times. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ Yuki Noguchi (June 26, 2006). "Gates Foundation to Get Bulk of Buffett's Fortune". The Washington Post. p. A01. 
^ Carol J. Loomis (June 25, 2006). "A conversation with Warren Buffett". Fortune. 
^ "Most of Susan Buffett Estate to Go to Foundation". The Foundation Center. August 11, 2004. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "America's Most-Generous Donors, Rank: 1 Warren E. Buffett, Chronicle of Philanthropy". Philanthropy.com. February 22, 2007. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Chapnick, Nate. "Warren Buffett". Forbes. Archived from the original on June 4, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "girls-inc". eBay. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Lindsay Goldwert (July 1, 2007). "Lunch With Warren Buffett? $650,100, Charity Auction Winner Bids Big Money For Steak Lunch With Billionaire Buffett". CBS News. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Zuill, Lilla (June 28, 2008). "uk.reuters.com, Warren Buffett lunch sells for record $2.11 mln". Uk.reuters.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ "cnbc.com, Warren Buffett Charity Lunch Auction Ends with High Bid of $2,110,100". Cnbc.com. Retrieved February 23, 2009. 
^ Funk, Josh (June 6, 2010). "Buffett hopes lunch auction again draws big bids". Associated Press. Archived from the original on June 8, 2010. Retrieved June 7, 2010. 
^ "Cost to lunch with Warren Buffett: $3.5 million". Yahoo! News. June 9, 2012. 
^ Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Archived from the original on February 25, 2011. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 
^ Michael Luo and Christopher Drew (July 3, 2008). "Obama Picks Up Fund-Raising Pace". The Washington Post. Retrieved September 24, 2008. 
^ ""Squawk Box" Transcript: Becky Quick Sits Down with Billionaire Investor Warren Buffett". CNBC. Retrieved September 12, 2008. 
^ "Transcript of second McCain, Obama debate". CNN. October 10, 2008. Retrieved October 10, 2008. 
^ "Obama appoints Buffett as economic adviser". Reuters. November 7, 2008. Archived from the original on July 24, 2013. 
^ USA Today: Schwarzenegger taps Buffett as finance advisor August 14, 2003
^ Haskell, John; Hansler, Jennifer (August 1, 2016). "Warren Buffett Challenges Trump to Show Tax Returns, Says He's 'Afraid'". ABC News. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Donald Trump says general election may be ‘rigged’". Los Angeles Times. August 1, 2016. Retrieved August 2, 2016. 
^ "Transcript of the Second Debate". The New York Times. 2016-10-10. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b c "Buffett Just Released His Own Tax Data to Hammer Trump". Retrieved 2016-10-11. 
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  6 minutes in.
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  7 minutes in.
^ Keehan SP, Sisko AM, Truffer CJ, et al. (August 2011). "National health spending projections through 2020: economic recovery and reform drive faster spending growth". Health Aff (Millwood). 30 (8): 1594–605. PMID 21798885. doi:10.1377/hlthaff.2011.0662. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  4 minutes in.
^ a b McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  9 to 10 minutes in.
^ Atul Gawande (June 1, 2009). "The Cost Conundrum – What a Texas town can teach us about health care". The New Yorker. Retrieved June 29, 2011. 
^ McCarthy, Ryan (March 3, 2010). "Warren Buffett On CNBC: Health Care Is Like An 'Economic Tape Worm' (WATCH)". Huffington Post. AP and CNBC. Retrieved November 5, 2011.  11 minutes in.
^ "Warren Buffett". Forbes: 24, 42–3. November 26, 2007. 
^ Ben Stein, "In Class Warfare, Guess Which Class Is Winning", New York Times, November 26, 2006
^ Dave Zweifel, "Plain Talk: There's Class War, and Rich Are Winning", The Cap Times, October 6, 2010
^ Pramuck, Jacob. "Warren Buffett fires back at Donald Trump's comments about his taxes." CNBC. 10 October 2016. 10 October 2016.
^ "Rich Americans back inheritance tax". BBC. February 14, 2001. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Jim Snyder (November 15, 2007). "Buffett tells Senate Finance panel 'dynastic' wealth on the rise in U.S.". The Hill (newspaper). Archived from the original on November 20, 2007. 
^ Berlau, John (August 23, 2004). "Buffetted. The Sage of Omaha loves the estate tax – as well he might". National Review. FindArticles. 
^ Ackman, Dan (October 11, 2004). "America, The Casino Nation". Forbes. Archived from the original on April 13, 2008. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ Buffett, Warren (May 1977). "How Inflation Swindles the Equity Investor". Fortune. 
^ "Shareholder Proposal Regarding Berkshire's Investment In PetroChina" (PDF). Berkshire Hathaway. Retrieved May 20, 2008. 
^ "Warren Buffett's 500% Return from BYD: The Show Just Begun?". ChinaStakes. Retrieved September 16, 2009. 
^ Burrough, Bryan; Helyar, John (1990). Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 0-06-016172-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Jenell Wallace (April 25, 1994). "Warren Buffett Cools on His Attraction to Tobacco Business". Legacy Tobacco Documents Library, University of California San Diego Library. Bloomberg. 
^ "Utah Petition Encouraging Energy Diversification" (PDF). Public Service Commission of Utah. July 28, 2007. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 9, 2013. 
^ Josh Funk (May 3, 2008). "Buffett again rebuffs advocates who want Klamath dams out". USA Today. 
^ Bacher, Dan (May 1, 2009). "Klamath Dam Removal Advocates Call on Buffett’s Company To Close the Deal". Indybay.org. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Marc Roca and Ehren Goossens (December 20, 2011). "BP Deems Solar Unprofitable, Exiting Business After 40 Years". Bloomberg. 
^ "Warren Buffett, Fuzzy Math And Stock Options ". The Washington Post. July 6, 2004. p. A19. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ Buffett, Warren E. (July 24, 2002). "Warren E. Buffett, Who Really Cooks the Books?". The New York Times. Retrieved May 23, 2010. 
^ "Buffett on Facebook and Google: hard to estimate future valu". Chicago Sun-Times. Associated Press. May 7, 2012. Retrieved May 7, 2012. 
^ a b c d e f Del Jones, "Book titles like to play the Warren Buffett name game," USA Today, October 22, 2008.
^ Buffett, Warren; Cunningham, Lawrence. The Essays of Warren Buffett: Lessons for Corporate America, Second Edition. The Cunningham Group. ISBN 978-0-9664461-2-8. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Pysh, Preston. Warren Buffett's Three Favorite Books: A guide to the Intelligent Investor, Security Analysis, and the Wealth of Nations. Pylon Publishing Company. ISBN 978-0-98296-762-1. 
^ Hagstrom, Robert G.; Miller, Bill R.; Fisher, Ken (2005). The Warren Buffett Way. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley. ISBN 0-471-74367-4. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Schroeder, Alice. The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life. Bantam Dell Pub Group 2008. ISBN 978-0-553-80509-3. 
^ Janet Maslin, "Books of The Times: The Richest Man and How He Grew (and Grew His Company, Too)," New York Times, September 28, 2008.
^ Buffett, Mary; Clark, David. Buffettology: The Previously Unexplained Techniques That Have Made Warren Buffett The World's Most Famous Investor. Scribner. ISBN 978-0-684-84821-1. 
^ Lowe, Janet. Warren Buffett Speaks: Wit and Wisdom from the World's Greatest Investor. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-15262-1. 
^ Train, John (1987). The midas touch: the strategies that have made Warren Buffett America's pre-eminent investor. New York: Harper & Row. ISBN 978-0-06-015643-5. 
^ Kilpatrick, Andrew. Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett/2008 Cosmic Edition/2 volumes. Andy Kilpatrick Publishing Empire (AKPE). ISBN 978-1-57864-455-1. 
^ Reese, John P.; Jack Forehand (2009). The Guru Investor: How to Beat the Market Using History's Best Investment Strategies. Wiley. ISBN 978-0-470-37709-3. 
^ Tavakoli, Janet (January 9, 2009). Dear Mr. Buffett: What An Investor Learns 1,269 Miles From Wall Street. Wiley. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-470-40678-6. 
^ Janjigian, Vahan (May 1, 2008). Even Buffett Isn't Perfect: What You Can--and Can't--Learn from the World's Greatest Investor. Penguin. ISBN 9781440631474. 


Further reading

Schwartz, Mattathias (January 2010). "The Church of Warren Buffett". Harper's. 320 (1916): 27–35. Retrieved July 14, 2013. 
Rojas, Claudio R. (2014). "An Indeterminate Theory of Canadian Corporate Law". University of British Columbia Law Review. 47 (1): 59–128 ("The author's perspective on Berkshire Hathaway's investment philosophy was informed by discussions with Warren Buffett in Omaha, Nebraska": pp. 59, 122–124). SSRN 2391775 . 

External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Warren Buffett





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Warren Buffett.



Berkshire Hathaway official website
The Buffett
Buffett Partnership Letters
"Warren Buffett's Letters to Shareholders". Berkshire Hathaway. 
Berkshire Hathaway SEC 13F Filings
Appearances on C-SPAN
Warren Buffett on Charlie Rose
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The New York Times. 
"Warren Buffett collected news and commentary". The Guardian.  
Works by or about Warren Buffett in libraries (WorldCat catalog)
Stempel, Jonathan (February 12, 2008). "FACTBOX: Warren Buffett at a glance". Reuters. 



Honorary titles


Preceded by
Ingvar Kamprad
World's richest person
?–1995
Succeeded by
Bill Gates


Preceded by
Bill Gates
World's richest person
2008–2009








v
t
e


Graham Holdings Company



Corporate staff



Donald E. Graham (COB & CEO)





Kaplan, Inc.



Concord Law School
Dev Bootcamp
Dublin Business School
Kaplan Financial Ltd
Kaplan Law School
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan University
Schweser





Television stations




NBC affiliates



KPRC
WDIV
WSLS





ABC affiliate



KSAT





CBS affiliate



WKMG





CW affiliate



WCWJ





Independent station



WJXT








The Slate Group



Foreign Policy
Panoply Media
Slate












v
t
e


Berkshire Hathaway



Board of directors



Warren Buffett (Chairman and CEO)
Charlie Munger
Howard Graham Buffett
Susan Decker
Bill Gates
David Gottesman
Charlotte Guyman
Donald Keough
Thomas Murphy
Ronald Olson
Walter Scott Jr.





Insurance



Applied Underwriters
Berkshire Hathaway Assurance
Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies

Kansas Bankers Surety Company


Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance
BoatUS
Central States Indemnity
Gateway Underwriters Agency
GEICO
GEICO Marine Insurance Company
Gen Re
Medical Protective
National Indemnity Company

GUARD Insurance


United States Liability Insurance Group





Materials and
construction



Acme Brick
Benjamin Moore & Co.
Charter Brokerage
Clayton Homes
International Metalworking Companies
Johns Manville
Lubrizol
Marmon

Marmon-Herrington
Procor
Union Tank Car Company


MiTek
Mouser Electronics
Precision Castparts Corp.

Carlton Forge Works
Special Metals
Timet
Wyman-Gordon


Shaw Industries
TTI





Furniture



CORT Business Services
Jordan's Furniture
Larson-Juhl
Nebraska Furniture Mart
RC Willey Home Furnishings
Star Furniture





Apparel



Brooks Sports
Fruit of the Loom

Russell
Vanity Fair


Fechheimer Brothers
Garanimals
H.H. Brown Shoe Group

Acme Boots


Justin Brands
Louis





Transportation



Berkshire Hathaway Automotive
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation
FlightSafety International
Forest River
Marquis Jet
McLane
NetJets
NetJets Europe
UTLX
XTRA Lease





Food



CTB International
International Dairy Queen

Dairy Queen
Karmelkorn
Orange Julius


Kraft Heinz
The Pampered Chef
See's Candies





Media



The Buffalo News
Business Wire





BH Media






Newspapers




Bristol Herald Courier
Culpeper Star-Exponent
The Daily Nonpareil
Danville Register & Bee
Dothan Eagle
Eden Daily News
The Eagle
Enterprise Ledger
Grand Island Independent
Hickory Daily Record
Independent Tribune
Jackson County Floridan
Kearney Hub
Martinsville Bulletin
The Morning News
Nelson County Times
News & Record
News & Messenger
North Platte Telegraph
Omaha World-Herald
Opelika-Auburn News
The Press of Atlantic City
Roanoke Times
Richmond Times-Dispatch
Star-Herald
Statesville Record & Landmark
The Daily Progress
The Free Lance–Star
The McDowell News
The News & Advance
The News Herald
The News Virginian
The Reidsville Review
Tulsa World
Waco Tribune-Herald
Winston-Salem Journal
York News-Times








Television stations




WPLG











Jewelry



Ben Bridge Jeweler
Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
Helzberg Diamonds
Richline Group





Scott Fetzer



Campbell Hausfeld
Ginsu
Kirby
World Book Encyclopedia





Energy



MidAmerican Energy Company
NV Energy
PacifiCorp
Northern Powergrid
CalEnergy Generation
Kern River Gas Transmission Company
Northern Natural Gas
HomeServices of America





Other



Duracell
Oriental Trading Company





Related articles



Blue Chip Stamps
Wesco Financial
Owned assets








 Category












v
t
e


Buffett family



First generation



Howard H. Buffett

m. Leila Stahl Buffett







Second generation

Doris Buffett

Warren Buffett

m. 1st Susan T. Buffett
m. 2nd Astrid Menks


Roberta Buffett Elliott





Third generation



Children of Warren Buffett
Susan A. Buffett




m. Allen Greenberg




Howard G. Buffett




m. 1st Marcia Sue Duncan
m. 2nd Devon Morse




Peter Buffett




m. 1st Mary Buffet
m. 2nd Jennifer Buffett







Fourth generation



Children of Howard G. Buffett
Howard W. Buffett (m. Lili T. Buffett)


Step-children of Peter Buffett
Nicole Buffett
Erica Buffett





Companies and organizations



Berkshire Hathaway
Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation
Sherwood Foundation
Howard G. Buffett Foundation
NoVo Foundation
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars










Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 121622610
LCCN: n85256764
ISNI: 0000 0001 2149 5004
GND: 119261855
SELIBR: 387113
SUDOC: 050292668
BNF: cb13509178t (data)
NDL: 00722597
NKC: vse2005270947
BNE: XX1306624










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Warren_Buffett&oldid=791386992"					
Categories: 1930 births20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican agnosticsAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesAmerican financial analystsAmerican financial company foundersAmerican financiersAmerican insurance businesspeopleAmerican investorsAmerican money managersAmerican philanthropistsAmerican salespeopleAmerican stockbrokersAmerican stock tradersAmerican venture capitalistsBerkshire Hathaway employeesBill & Melinda Gates Foundation peopleBuffett familyBusinesspeople from Omaha, NebraskaBusinesspeople from NebraskaColumbia Business School alumniDirectors of Berkshire HathawayDirectors of The Coca-Cola CompanyEquity securitiesGiving PledgersGrinnell College peopleLiving peopleNebraska DemocratsPeople with cancerPresidential Medal of Freedom recipientsStock and commodity market managersTechnical analystsThe Washington Post peopleUniversity of Nebraska–Lincoln alumniWoodrow Wilson High School (Washington, D.C.) alumniHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages using web citations with no URLPages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2010Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013Articles with unsourced statements from September 2014Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीمازِرونیBahasa Melayuမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаپنجابیPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray吴语ייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 19 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 
















Warren Buffett - IMDb














































































 
    










 
IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Top Rated Indian Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES


 Joss Whedon Will Be A Major Part Of DC Films’ Creative Team, Zack Snyder May Take Smaller Role

5 hours ago


 James Cameron Considering a New ‘Terminator’ Trilogy

4 hours ago


 Damon Lindelof Uncertain About HBO’s ‘Watchmen’

3 hours ago





NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls







Watchlist




            YOUR WATCHLIST
    













 
 


 



The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|

Help


 

 

 










Sign in with Facebook
Other Sign in options










 








 














 







STARmeter
SEE RANK


Down
5,070
this week


View rank on IMDbPro
»



 Warren Buffett


 
Actor |
 
Soundtrack





Warren Buffett was born on August 30, 1930 in Omaha, Nebraska, USA as Warren Edward Buffett. He is an actor, known for Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (2010), Das Milliardenversprechen (2012) and The Berkshire Apprentice (2016). He has been married to Astrid Menks since August 30, 2006. He was previously married to Susan Thompson.            
See full bio »
            
 


Born:

August 30, 
     
1930

            in
            Omaha, Nebraska, USA





More at IMDbPro »
 Contact Info:
 View agent













 


7 photos
|
1 video
|
323 news articles »                
















 
    


ad feedback




Quick Links

 


Biography




Awards




Photo Gallery




 


Filmography (by Job)




Trailers and Videos







Filmography



by Year




by Job




by Ratings




by Votes




by Genre




by Keyword



Personal Details



Biography




Other Works




Publicity Listings




Official Sites




Contact Info (IMDbPro)



Did You Know?



Personal Quotes




Trivia 




Trademark



Photo & Video



Photo Gallery




Trailers and Videos



Opinion



Awards



Related Items



Credited With




NewsDesk




External Sites



Professional Services



Promote yourself with a resume




Add or change photos




Get more at IMDbPro





Explore More
Show Less






   IMDb's Guide to Streaming                       Check out our July Streaming Guide, find out if your favorite streaming show has been renewed or canceled, and more. Visit our Streaming Guide 






Share this page:
















   Comic-Con Panel Photos                       Check out all the action from the star-studded panels at San Diego Comic-Con. View more panel photos 






 






Related News


Sun Valley: Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump Keep Low Profile During Talks on Political Divisions, Mid-East Peace (Exclusive)



                                  13 July 2017 2:18 PM, -08:00
                                
|
Variety - Film News





Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump to Attend Sun Valley Media and Tech Conference (Exclusive)



                                  12 July 2017 8:52 AM, -08:00
                                
|
Variety - Film News





Sun Valley: Bill Gates, Phil Knight, Gen. Lori Robinson to Address Moguls (Exclusive)



                                  12 July 2017 5:51 AM, -08:00
                                
|
Variety - Film News




See all 323 related articles »
            









  Around The Web  |  Powered by ZergNet        






On Amazon Video



Watch Now


 I.O.U.S.A.
 



Watch Now


 Woodstock for Capitalists
 



Watch Now


 Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps
 



See more on Amazon Video »
                







Watch on TV

Entourage


Sat, Jul 29
12:45 PM PDT
                       on
TBS (033)



Entourage


Sun, Jul 30
1:30 AM PDT
                       on
TBS (033)



IMDbTV
| All TV listings »
            








Create a list »
                
User Lists
Related lists from IMDb users


 


Favorites Guest Stars on "The Office" (US version)



            a list of 46 people
            created 28 Jan 2015
        
 



 


The Richest People of the World! (MUST READ PLEASE)



            a list of 6 people
            created 13 Mar 2015
        
 



 


Special Guest Stars Who Appeared On The Office



            a list of 40 people
            created 03 May 2015
        
 



 


People with Nebraska ties



            a list of 104 people
            created 06 Jul 2015
        
 



 


My Top Favorite Movie Cameos of 2015



            a list of 45 people
            created 21 Nov 2015
        
 


See all related lists »
                







Do you have a demo reel?
Add it to your IMDbPage









Find out more at IMDb Pro »
        






Connect with IMDb









How Much Have You Seen?
How much of Warren Buffett's work have you seen?





User Polls


 Favorite Misquoted Movie Quotes

 RUN-OFF Poll: 100 Greatest Movie Quotes (Part 4)

 Alliterative movie characters

 Favorite Number One Rated Television Series

 Which Movie Villain's Views/Aims...

 Greatest Mentor

See more polls »







 








Known For


 
 
Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps
Thanks

(2010)


 
 
Das Milliardenversprechen
Himself

(2012)


 
 
The Berkshire Apprentice
Himself

(2016)


 
 
I.O.U.S.A.
Himself

(2008)











 Show all


 Hide all

 | 


Show by...
Job
Year »
Rating »
Number of Ratings »
Genre »
Keyword »


 | 
 Edit
 
Filmography

Jump to:
Actor
| Soundtrack
| Thanks
| Self
| Archive footage



Hide 
Show 
Actor (3 credits)




 2015

Entourage

Warren Buffett



 2011

The Office
(TV Series)

Interviewee

- Search Committee
(2011)
... Interviewee




 2003

Liberty's Kids: Est. 1776
(TV Series)

James Madison

- We the People
(2003)
... James Madison
(voice)


- The Man Who Wouldn't Be King
(2003)
... James Madison
(voice)




Hide 
Show 
Soundtrack (1 credit)




 2017

Becoming Warren Buffett
(Documentary) (performer: "Somewhere over the Rainbow")




Hide 
Show 
Thanks (1 credit)




 2010

Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps
(special thanks)




Hide 
Show 
Self (30 credits)




 2014-2017

On the Money
(TV Series)

Himself
/ Himself - CEO, Berkshire Hathaway
/ Himself - Chairman, Berkshire Hathaway
/ ...

- Episode #5.35
(2017)
... Himself


- Episode #5.25
(2017)
... Himself


- Episode dated 7 May 2016
(2016)
... Himself


- Episode dated 5 March 2016
(2016)
... Himself - CEO, Berkshire Hathaway


- Episode dated 9 May 2015
(2015)
... Himself - CEO, Berkshire Hathaway





Show all 9 episodes




 2017

Becoming Warren Buffett
(Documentary)

Himself



 2017

The Apprentice
(TV Series)

Himself

- Candy for a Billionaire
(2017)
... Himself




 2016

The Berkshire Apprentice
(Short)

Himself



 2016

Coked Up!
(Documentary)

Himself



 2010-2015

Squawk Box
(TV Series)

Himself
/ Himself - Chairman
/ CEO, Berkshire Hathaway
/ ...

- Episode dated 8 September 2015
(2015)
... Himself


- Episode dated 25 March 2015
(2015)
... Himself - Berkshire Hathaway
(voice)


- Episode dated 2 March 2015
(2015)
... Himself - Chairman
/ CEO, Berkshire Hathaway


- Episode dated 2 October 2014
(2014)
... Himself - Chairman
/ CEO, Berkshire Hathaway


- Episode dated 16 October 2013
(2013)
... Himself





Show all 7 episodes




 2006-2015

Charlie Rose
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode dated 17 July 2015
(2015)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 22 October 2013
(2013)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 26 November 2012
(2012)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 30 September 2011
(2011)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 15 August 2011
(2011)
... Himself - Guest





Show all 10 episodes




 2001-2015

60 Minutes
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Billionaire Philanthropist (segment "All-American")
/ Himself - Investor (segment "The Giving Pledge")
/ Himself - Chairman, Berkshire Hathaway (segment "Howard Buffett")
/ ...

- The Lesson of War/All-American/Whisky Island
(2015)
... Himself - Billionaire Philanthropist (segment "All-American")


- Gitmo/The Giving Pledge/The Recyclers
(2013)
... Himself - Investor (segment "The Giving Pledge")


- President Obama/Howard Buffett
(2011)
... Himself - Chairman, Berkshire Hathaway (segment "Howard Buffett")


- How Secure Is Your Airport?/An American Town/The Three Wise Men/How Intelligent Were We?
(2001)
... Himself - CEO, Berkshire Hathaway (segment "The Three Wise Men")




 2014

The Willis Report
(TV Series)

Himself - Berkshire Hathaway Chairman

- Episode dated 2 May 2014
(2014)
... Himself - Berkshire Hathaway Chairman




 2014

Late Night with Seth Meyers
(TV Series)

Himself

- Tilda Swinton/Warren Buffett/Carrie Brownstein/Lo-Fang
(2014)
... Himself




 2014

Mike & Mike
(TV Series)

Himself - Chairman and CEO, Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

- Episode dated 12 March 2014
(2014)
... Himself - Chairman and CEO, Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
(voice)




 2013

Piers Morgan Tonight
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode dated 8 November 2013
(2013)
... Himself


- Episode dated 22 October 2013
(2013)
... Himself




 2011-2013

Secret Millionaires Club
(TV Series)

Himself

- Avast Ye Downloads!
(2013)
... Himself
(voice)


- Elena's Shaqtastic Adventure
(2013)
... Himself
(voice)


- The Cost of Giving
(2012)
... Himself
(voice)


- When Pigs Fly
(2012)
... Himself
(voice)


- Neither a Borrower Nor a Lender Be, Dude
(2012)
... Himself
(voice)





Show all 6 episodes




 2013

CBS News Sunday Morning
(TV Series)

Himself - Guest

- Episode dated 20 January 2013
(2013)
... Himself - Guest




 2009-2013

Today
(TV Series)

Himself
/ Himself - Guest

- Episode dated 2 January 2013
(2013)
... Himself - Guest


- Episode dated 2 June 2010
(2010)
... Himself


- Episode dated 19 January 2009
(2009)
... Himself




 2012

The Daily Show
(TV Series)

Himself

- Warren Buffett & Carol Loomis
(2012)
... Himself




 2012

Das Milliardenversprechen
(TV Movie documentary)

Himself



 2011

Zero Percent
(Documentary)

Himself



 2010

Food Wars
(TV Series)

Himself

- Omaha Steak
(2010)
... Himself




 2010

The 7PM Project
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode #1.212
(2010)
... Himself




 2010

Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps

Himself



 2009

The World's Greatest Money Maker: Evan Davis meets Warren Buffett
(TV Movie documentary)

Himself



 2009

Der Schein trügt
(Documentary)

Himself



 2008

All My Children
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode #1.9870
(2008)
... Himself


- Episode #1.9869
(2008)
... Himself




 2008

I.O.U.S.A.
(Documentary)

Himself



 2006

Buffett and Gates Go Back to School
(TV Movie)

Himself



 2006

American Morning
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode dated 30 June 2006
(2006)
... Himself




 2001

Woodstock for Capitalists
(Documentary)




 2000

ESPN SportsCentury
(TV Series documentary)

Himself

- Bob Gibson
(2000)
... Himself




 2000

Capital
(TV Series documentary)

Himself

- Les nouveaux riches
(2000)
... Himself




Hide 
Show 
Archive footage (9 credits)




 2016

Late Night with Seth Meyers
(TV Series)

Himself - Speech at Clinton Rally

- Martha Stewart/Haley Bennett/Stanton Moore
(2016)
... Himself - Speech at Clinton Rally




 2012-2016

60 Minutes
(TV Series documentary)

Himself - Investor (segment "The Giving Pledge")
/ Himself - Billionaire Philanthropist (segment "All-American")
/ Himself - Howard's Father (segment "Howard Buffett")

- Make-A-Wish/The Health Wagon/The Giving Pledge
(2016)
... Himself - Investor (segment "The Giving Pledge")


- Rare Earth Elements/Ending Life/All-American
(2015)
... Himself - Billionaire Philanthropist (segment "All-American")


- The Giving Pledge/Rescue/The Greatest Show on Earth
(2014)
... Himself - Investor (segment "The Giving Pledge")


- Greg Mortenson/Howard Buffett/Novak Djokovic
(2012)
... Himself - Howard's Father (segment "Howard Buffett")




 2015

The Emperor's New Clothes
(Documentary)

CEO Berkshire Hathaway



 2014

America's Book of Secrets
(TV Series documentary)

Himself

- The Billionaire Agenda
(2014)
... Himself




 2012

Huckabee
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode dated 14 April 2012
(2012)
... Himself




 2012

We're Not Broke
(Documentary)

Himself - World's Second Richest Man



 2008

Unnatural Causes
(TV Mini-Series documentary)

Himself - World's Richest Man

- In Sickness and in Wealth
(2008)
... Himself - World's Richest Man




 2007

The O'Reilly Factor
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode dated 28 December 2007
(2007)
... Himself


- Episode dated 12 December 2007
(2007)
... Himself




 2007

World Business Satellite
(TV Series)

Himself

- Episode dated 15 May 2007
(2007)
... Himself



 









Related Videos



 


    
    @csm.csm_widget />
            



 Edit
 
Personal Details

Publicity Listings:
    1 Biographical Movie |
    1 Print Biography |
    2 Portrayals |
    8 Articles |
    2 Magazine Cover Photos |

See more
»
        


Official Sites:
Official Site
|
Twitter



Alternate Names:
            Warren Edward Buffett
        


Height:
5' 10" (1.78 m)        








 Edit
 
Did You Know?

Personal Quote:
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.                    
See more

                    »
        


Trivia:
Diagnosed with stage-1 prostate cancer [April 17, 2012].                    
See more

                    »
        


Trademark:
Folksy humor                    
See more

                    »
        


Nickname:
            The Oracle of Omaha
        


Star Sign:
Virgo








Getting Started
|
Contributor Zone »
Contribute to This Page




Edit page



Add resume








   IMDb's Comic-Con 2017 Guide    Check out IMDb's 2017 Comic-Con Guide for the latest celebrity interviews, event coverage, cosplay photos, and more.                  "Doctor Who" Star Peter Capaldi Is Excited to Swear Again                   Mike Colter Teases Season 2 of "Luke Cage"           Browse Our Guide to Comic-Con 










 





 






IMDb Everywhere

 

 

 


Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site




      Follow IMDb on
      
 

 

 









Home
Top Rated Movies
Box Office
TV
Coming Soon
Site Index
Search
In Theaters




Contact Us
 Register

News

Press Room
Advertising
Jobs




IMDbPro
 Box Office Mojo

 Withoutabox


Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
 Interest-Based Ads










Copyright © 1990-2017
                IMDb.com, Inc.


                An Amazon.com company.
            




                Amazon Affiliates
            





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books
































Warren Edward Buffett - The Best Businessmen in the World































Home

Maps of World
best destinations
best pictures destinations
Login
Register
Ranking
Tuscany villas


Find






Ads








Money &amp; Savings -> The Best Businessmen in the World -> 
Warren Edward Buffett

Ads


Warren Edward Buffett

Ads:



                                                  Warren Edward Buffett was born on  August 30, 1930, Omaha, Nebraska, USA. He is the world's biggest and one of the most famous investors. He had 47 billion U.S. dollars in 2010.He is considered the richest man in the world and second richest man in the  U.S. He is known by the nickname the Oracle of Omaha.
 
Biography
 
Warren Buffett was the second of three children in the family of the  politician and businessman, Howard Buffett and his wife Leila Stahl Buffett . The first school he went to was Rose Hill Elementary School in Omaha. In 1942 his father won the  elections in the U.S. Congress, and after the family moved to Washington. Buffett finished Alice Deal Junior High School and Woodrow and Wilson High School.. At the age of 11, Warren tried his hand at the stock exchange, buying on his father’s borrowed money some shares of Cities Service( 38 dollars a piece).  Warren earned the  initial 10 thousand dollar- capital by implementing a successful business idea - pinball machines in  the  hairdresser’s. In 1965, Buffett bought a controlling stake in producing textile company Berkshire Hathaway, which became his main investment company for years to come. In 1967, Buffett bought a «National Indemnity Co», then GEICO. He paid  $ 8.6 million and $ 17 million for them. Buffett studied under Benjamin Graham at Columbia University, New York. According to Buffett, Graham taught him how to make reasonable investments. On December 14, 2004 Bill Gates joined the board of Berkshire Hathaway, as an independent director. Berkshire Hathaway is  a conglomerate, which includes GEICO (auto insurance), Benjamin Moore (paint), Fruit of the Loom (textiles) and many others. Thus this is a businessman who has a very developed intuition how to invest money.
Ads:








Tweet



Share destination on Google Buzz

By Mascaliuc Victoria



  Others 
  The Best Businessmen in the World .




Maps of Warren Edward Buffett
map United States          
                        ->
              Maps Nebraska                        
                   
         
                                 ->
           map Omaha


Others from  The Best Businessmen in the World

 

          What do Bill Gates, Oprah Winfrey, Warren Edward Buffett have in common? They are neither well known pop stars nor actors. But they are still very influential in the world. They influence the progress and even the fashion. They are the richest and the most influential businessmen. They are highly appreciated in the world and they are highly gossiped about their financial condition. This poll offers a number of the richest businessmen in the world.          

Images of Warren Edward Buffett, icons, photos, figures, visions, appearances, illustrations, snapshots, captures, canvas and pictures of Warren Edward Buffett - The Best Businessmen in the World 




Warren Edward Buffett - A Prosperous Man 


Warren Edward Buffett - The Most Famous Investor 

Ads:








Video Warren Edward Buffett













Comments
Images
To Sn
Other Polls
Reviews
Tags


All images of Warren Edward Buffett





Click on the image to get details










Pag 1 of 1



The 06-10-2014 14:33  Gaspare said:Dear Sir  I would appreciate info on were and how to make money investment ? Thank you looking forward in hearing from you .00ReplyThe 06-10-2014 14:34  Gaspare said:Dear Sir  I would appreciate info on were and how to make money investment ? Thank you looking forward in hearing from you .00Reply 







To comment simpler Login or Register





        Add a comment.               

Insert the code 4390839Insert your nameEmail - Not VisibleWebMessage's body, no html allowed. - Info


Smilies?












































Wait and check if there are some mistakes.                       
    




 





Publish   Warren Edward Buffett - The Best Businessmen in the World 


  

   












Other Polls

The Best Businessmen in the World 









         USER
        

          Name
        

          Votes
        
 
          N° Views
        

          Modified
        
Actions
        





Pag 1 of 1  
 



Warren Buffett  an investor  the greatest investor in the world  the USA  GEICO a developed intuition  investment companies  to invest money
Nebraska
Omaha


















Last Best

 Best Dresses in the History
The Best Films of  2013
Best Songs for Eurovision 2013
Best Soccer Players of All Time
Top Sexiest Wives of Football Players of the World
Best Phones of 2012









Tuscany Villas





Home Ads Italy  |  
  www.annunciefree.com        |
  Links        |
    www.lerisorse.com      |
    www.therealbest.com    |
    www.miglioriamoci.com    |
    Italian Firms       |
      Best Self Help Site      |
rent villas in italy




Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      














































































Warren Buffett Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.


Warren Buffett






 
 

 
 
 













Related Authors 


Steve Jobs


Henry Ford


Bill Gates


Jim Rohn


Stephen Covey


Peter Drucker


Les Brown


John D. Rockefeller




Popular Topics 


Motivational Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Life Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Positive Quotes


Funny Quotes


Smile Quotes




More 


Top 10 Warren Buffett Quotes



Find on Amazon:
Warren Buffett

Cite this page


Language
Español
Français

About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Warren Buffett Quotes

American
-
Businessman

Born: August 30, 1930










































   Loading...







Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Warren Buffett


Inspirational,
Time,
Today
























Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Warren Buffett


Money,
Forget,
Never Forget





























Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
Warren Buffett


Value,
Price,
You
























Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing.
Warren Buffett


Knowledge,
Risk,
You
























In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Warren Buffett


Business,
World,
Mirror
























Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Warren Buffett


Light,
Broken,
Habit
























I always knew I was going to be rich. I don't think I ever doubted it for a minute.
Warren Buffett


Rich,
Think,
Going
























Predicting rain doesn't count. Building arks does.
Warren Buffett


Rain,
Building,
Count























It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
Warren Buffett


Reputation,
Think,
You

























Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked.
Warren Buffett


Swimming,
Tide,
You
























The investor of today does not profit from yesterday's growth.
Warren Buffett


Today,
Growth,
Yesterday
























Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre.
Warren Buffett


Time,
Enemy,
Friend
























I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
Warren Buffett


Funny,
Look,
Me


























Top 10
Warren Buffett
Quotes





View the list






It's better to hang out with people better than you. Pick out associates whose behavior is better than yours and you'll drift in that direction.
Warren Buffett


People,
Direction,
Better



















It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price.
Warren Buffett


Better,
Price,
Company
























We simply attempt to be fearful when others are greedy and to be greedy only when others are fearful.
Warren Buffett


Fear,
Greedy,
Only



















I bought a company in the mid-'90s called Dexter Shoe and paid $400 million for it. And it went to zero. And I gave about $400 million worth of Berkshire stock, which is probably now worth $400 billion. But I've made lots of dumb decisions. That's part of the game.
Warren Buffett


Decisions,
Game,
Shoe



















Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.
Warren Buffett


Life,
Love,
Success



















Only buy something that you'd be perfectly happy to hold if the market shut down for 10 years.
Warren Buffett


Happy,
You,
Down



















You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.
Warren Buffett


Life,
Long,
You



















Today people who hold cash equivalents feel comfortable. They shouldn't. They have opted for a terrible long-term asset, one that pays virtually nothing and is certain to depreciate in value.
Warren Buffett


Today,
Value,
People




















A public-opinion poll is no substitute for thought.
Warren Buffett


Thought,
Poll,
Substitute




























If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.
Warren Buffett


History,
Past,
Game



















Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat, energy devoted to changing vessels is likely to be more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks.
Warren Buffett


Boat,
Yourself,
Energy



















I sent one e-mail in my life. I sent it to Jeff Raikes at Microsoft, and it ended up in court in Minneapolis, so I am one for one.
Warren Buffett


Life,
I Am,
My Life



















I think the most important factor in getting out of the recession actually is just the regenerative capacity of - of American capitalism.
Warren Buffett


American,
Important,
Think


































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Warren Buffett
















Related Authors



Steve Jobs




Henry Ford




Bill Gates




Jim Rohn




Stephen Covey




Peter Drucker




Les Brown




John D. Rockefeller


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote



Language:
Español | Français













   Loading...


Load more quotes






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































