

Terrence W. Bunge: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 5:01 AM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of MGC Diagnostics Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Terrence W. Bunge  Vice Chair, MGC Diagnostics CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships63$156,749
Background

		Mr. Terrence W.  Bunge, also known as Terry, served as President and Chief Operating Officer of ACIST Medical Systems, Inc. Mr. Bunge served as a medical technology and device executive, currently manages a personal investment portfolio of public and private companies and funds focused on the USA, China, Vietnam, Israel and other emerging markets. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Bunge worked for ACIST Medical Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Italy-based, Bracco SpA, focused ... on the design, development, manufacturing and sale of interventional cardiology products and services, serving most recently as the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Bunge has been Director at MGC Diagnostics Corporation since December 17, 2014. Mr. Bunge also served as a member of the Board of Directors of: ACIST Inc., ACIST Europe, ACIST Asia, Volume Interactions and Heart Leaflet Technologies. Mr. Bunge holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
350 Oak Grove ParkwaySaint Paul, Minnesota 55127United StatesPhone: 651-484-4874Fax: 651-484-8941
Board Members Memberships
2014-PresentVice ChairMGC Diagnostics Corporation
Education
BS University of Michigan
Other Affiliations
ACIST Medical Systems, Inc.University of Michigan


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$58,083Total Calculated Compensation$156,749




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationWilliam M. Moore Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentIRIDEX Corporation$434.6KDavid Leo Fischel CFA, CPAChairman and Acting Chief Executive OfficerStereotaxis, Inc.--Stavros George Vizirgianakis B.Com.Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorMisonix, Inc.--Hayden  Jeffreys Interim CEO & DirectorERBA Diagnostics, Inc.--Thomas J. Shaw Founder, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentRetractable Technologies, Inc.$469.8KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact MGC Diagnostics Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Terrence W. Bunge - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Terrence W. Bunge
Board Member at MGC Diagnostics Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Terrence W. Bunge? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Terrence W. Bunge's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Terrence W. Bunge's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Terrence W. Bunge's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Terrence W. Bunge through your network of contacts.
												








Terrence W. Bunge's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
MGC Diagnostics Corporation


Past
To view Terrence W. Bunge's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


Terrence W. Bunge's Biography



Terrence W. Bunge, director, a former medical technology and device executive, currently manages a personal investment portfolio of public and private companies and funds focused on the USA, China, Vietnam, Israel and other emerging markets. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Bunge worked for ACIST Medical Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Italy-based, Bracco SpA, focused on the design, development, manufacturing and sale of interventional cardiology products and services, serving most recently as the Company's President and Chief Operating Officer. While at ACIST Medical Systems, Mr. Bunge also served as a member of the Board of Directors of: ACIST  ...
(Read More)

			Terrence W. Bunge, director, a former medical technology and device executive, currently manages a personal investment portfolio of public and private companies and funds focused on the USA, China, Vietnam, Israel and other emerging markets. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Bunge worked for ACIST Medical Systems, a wholly owned subsidiary of Italy-based, Bracco SpA, focused on the design, development, manufacturing and sale of interventional cardiology products and services, serving most recently as the Company's President and Chief Operating Officer. While at ACIST Medical Systems, Mr. Bunge also served as a member of the Board of Directors of: ACIST Inc., ACIST Europe, ACIST Asia, Volume Interactions and Heart Leaflet Technologies. From 2001 to 2002, Mr. Bunge served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Science Inc, a medical device company that developed disposable ambulatory infusion products. From 1997 to 1999, Mr. Bunge worked for Angeion Corporation (a predecessor to the MGC), where he initially served as Vice President and General Manager of the Interventional Technologies Division ("IVT") that developed ablation catheters for the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias and led the sale of the IVT product line and intellectual property to Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Bunge then served as Angeion's Vice President of Worldwide Sales & Marketing managing the transfer of the company's customer relationships to ELA Medical as Angeion exited the cardiac defibrillator market. From 1980 to 1996, Mr. Bunge worked for Medtronic Inc., a leading global medical device company in a series of positions of increasing scope and responsibility, serving most recently from 1994 to 1996, as Vice President of Far East Business Development, coordinating the strategic planning process to expand Medtronic's businesses in the Far East, including key markets in China, India, South Korea, Taiwan, Indonesia, Thailand, the Philippines and Vietnam. Mr. Bunge holds a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan. Mr. Bunge is 62 years old and has served as director since December 17, 2014.

 

During the period from March 2015 through February 2, 2016, Mr. Bunge also served as Vice Chair of the Board and as Board representative on a newly formed Executive Committee of senior management. See "The Board, Board Committees and Meetings -- Other Committees and Task Forces."

 

Mr. Bunge brings to the Board a broad and extensive background in all aspects of leading and operating a medical device and technology company. His engineering, manufacturing, clinical and regulatory, marketing, sales and financial experiences, as well as operating both domestically and internationally in large and small companies add significant depth to the Board. In addition, his background and experience as a private investor, including his shareholdings in the Company of over 2%, strengthen our shareholder's perspective on the Board.
		
Source: MGC Diagnostics Corporation on 02/05/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Terrence W. Bunge's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Terrence W. Bunge. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Terrence W. Bunge's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Terrence W. Bunge's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Terrence W. Bunge through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Terrence W. Bunge


















Terrence W. Bunge's Connections (9)





Sign up now to view Terrence W. Bunge's 9 connections »









Larry R. Degen
Principal Accounting Officer, Secretary and Corporate Controller, MGC Diagnostics Corporation









Wesley W. Winnekins
Chief Financial Officer, MGC Diagnostics Corporation









Wendy D. Lynch
Board Member, MGC Diagnostics Corporation









Robert E. Munzenrider
Board Member, Viad Corp









John R. Baudhuin
Former Board Member, MGC Diagnostics Corporation









Mark W. Sheffert
Former Board Member, MGC Diagnostics Corporation









Todd M. Austin
Chief Executive Officer, MGC Diagnostics Corporation









Hendrik Struik
Board Member, MGC Diagnostics Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Terrence W. Bunge - Former President, Chief Operating Officer & Director at ACIST Medical Systems, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Terrence W. Bunge
Former President, Chief Operating Officer & Director at ACIST Medical Systems, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Terrence W. Bunge
Former President, Chief Operating Officer & Director at ACIST Medical Systems, Inc.



 Overview



Age



63
                                  (Born 1954)
                                              




Notable Companies


ACIST Medical Systems, Inc.

Science, Inc.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 93 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
June 1, 2017





                        MGC Diagnostics Corporation Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results                    





PR Newswire
March 7, 2017





                        MGC Diagnostics Corporation Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results                    





Business Wire
December 18, 2014





                        Industry veteran Terrence W. Bunge joins MGC Diagnostics Board                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Fulvio Renoldi Bracco

Former Vice President, Finance at Bracco SpA




John Robert Baudhuin

President & Chief Executive Officer at Mad Dogg Athletics, Inc.





Mark Sheffert

Founder at Manchester Cos., Inc.




Robert Munzenrider

Former Chief Financial Officer & Vice President at St. Jude Medical LLC





Hendrik Struik

Chief Executive Officer at Laboratory Supply Co., Inc.




Wendy D. Lynch

Founder at Lynch Consulting Ltd.





Gregg O. Lehman

Executive Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at InfuSystem Holdings, Inc.




Peter J. Graham

Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Human Resources, Chief Compliance Officer & Corporate Secretary at Antares Pharma, Inc.





Daniel Joseph Sullivan III

Co-Founder at Atritech, Inc.




Greg Beasley

Head of International Operations & Strategy at Roofstock, Inc.







See 83 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 83 More 


 


 Paths to Terrence W. Bunge



            Terrence W. Bunge          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Terrence W. Bunge






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Terrence W. Bunge.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of Michigan

                  The University of Michigan (UM, U-M, UMich, or U of M), frequently referred to as simply Michigan, is a public research university located in Ann Arbor, Michigan, United States. It is the state's oldest university and the flagship campus of the University of Michigan. It is one of the original eight Public Ivy universities and is one of the founding members of the Association of American Universities. It has been ranked among the top five research universities in the US, and among the top 20 universities in the world. U-M also has satellite campuses in Flint and Dearborn.                





 Career History



President, Chief Operating Officer & Director

                                    2002 - 2009                


ACIST Medical Systems, Inc.


                  ACIST Medical Systems, Inc. provides technology for contrast imaging system in the fields of cardiology and radiology. The company was founded by Robert F. Wilson in 1991 and is located in Eden Prairie, MN.                




President & Chief Operating Officer

                                    Prior                


Science, Inc.


                  Science, Inc. provides media and marketing services. The company is headquartered in Bloomington, MN.                




Vice President

                                    Prior                


Medtronic Corp.







 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2014 - Current                  


MGC Diagnostics Corporation

                    MGC Diagnostics Corp. operates as a medical technology company dedicated to cardio respiratory health solutions. The company designs, markets and sells non-invasive cardio respiratory diagnostic products through its medical graphics corporation subsidiary under the MGC diagnostics brand and trade name. MGC diagnostics sells its products internationally through distributors and in the United States through a direct sales force targeting specialists located in hospitals, university based medical centers, medical clinics, physician offices, pharmaceutical companies, medical device manufacturers, and clinical research organizations. Its cardiorespiratory diagnostic products have a common functional testing platform the measurement of air flow and respiratory pressures and, in most cases, the analysis of inhaled and exhaled gases such as oxygen and carbon dioxide. MGC Diagnostics was founded in May 1986 and is headquartered in St. Paul, MN.                  




President, Chief Operating Officer & Director

                    2002 - 2009                  


ACIST Medical Systems, Inc.

                    ACIST Medical Systems, Inc. provides technology for contrast imaging system in the fields of cardiology and radiology. The company was founded by Robert F. Wilson in 1991 and is located in Eden Prairie, MN.                  





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Terrence W. Bunge is affiliated with
                            ACIST Medical Systems, Inc., Science, Inc., Medtronic Corp., MGC Diagnostics Corporation, ACIST Medical Systems, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















Industry Veteran Terrence W. Bunge Joins MGC Diagnostics Board - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Industry Veteran Terrence W. Bunge Joins MGC Diagnostics Board






Business Wire




Dec 18, 2014 4:15 PM EST













 


























































  MGC Diagnostics (Nasdaq: MGCD) today announced that Terrence W. Bunge, an accomplished medical technology executive and investor, was elected to the company's Board of Directors, increasing the board's size to six members.  "We are fortunate to have Terry join MGC's Board of Directors," said Chairman Mark W. Sheffert. "He brings vast international, strategic and operational management and leadership expertise. Along with his history of creating highly innovative environments and proven record of growing companies, MGC's management team and shareholders gain an exceptional resource. As a long-time investor in MGC with holdings of approximately 2% of MGC's outstanding shares, he is keenly familiar with our company and poised to make an immediate impact. We are excited about the contributions he will make."  Since 2010, Bunge has managed a private investment portfolio of global companies focused on medical devices, software and biotech organizations. Prior to that, he was president, chief operating officer and director of ACIST Medical Systems, Inc., an organization focused on the design, development, manufacturing and sale of interventional cardiology products and services. While leading ACIST, he grew sales over fivefold during his seven years of leadership, achieving profitability within the first 18 months of his tenure. Other experience includes senior leadership positions with Science, Incorporated, Angeion Corporation, and Medtronic. Bunge holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.  "I am delighted to join MGC Diagnostics' highly regarded Board of Directors, and I look forward to collaborating with my fellow board members on innovative strategies for ongoing organizational growth and profitability," said Bunge. "With its state-of-the-art product and solutions offering and a scalable business model, MGC is positioned for success. I am excited to help MGC continue its commitment to uncovering solutions for current and future cardiorespiratory health challenges."   About MGC Diagnostics   MGC Diagnostics Corporation (NasdaqCM: MGCD), is a global medical technology company dedicated to cardiorespiratory health solutions. The Company, through its subsidiaries Medical Graphics Corporation and MediSoft SA, develops, manufactures and markets non-invasive diagnostic systems. This portfolio of products provides solutions for disease detection, integrated care, and wellness across the spectrum of cardiorespiratory healthcare. The Company's products are sold internationally through distributors and in the United States through a direct sales force targeting heart and lung specialists located in hospitals, university-based medical centers, medical clinics, physicians' offices, pharmaceutical companies, medical device manufacturers, and clinical research organizations (CROs). For more information about MGC Diagnostics, visit www.mgcdiagnostics.com.     



 



 










































If you liked this article you might like













3 Stocks Boosting The Health Care Sector Higher
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Health Care sector



TheStreet Wire

Aug 21, 2015 4:34 PM EDT
























3 Health Services Stocks Moving The Industry Upward
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Health Services industry



TheStreet Wire

Aug 21, 2015 4:33 PM EDT
























3 Health Services Stocks Pushing Industry Growth
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks that pushed the Health Services industry



TheStreet Wire

Aug 13, 2015 4:34 PM EDT
























3 Stocks Pushing The Health Services Industry Lower
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the Health Services industry lower today.



TheStreet Wire

Aug 6, 2015 4:32 PM EDT








































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Tesla Headlines This Lineup of 12 Amazing New Cars for 2018


Apple's iPhone 8 Is Coming, and It Could Be in Your Hands Very Soon


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












 



Industry veteran Terrence W. Bunge joins MGC Diagnostics Board | Business Wire
























































Industry veteran Terrence W. Bunge joins MGC Diagnostics Board






December 18, 2014 04:15 PM Eastern Standard Time



ST. PAUL, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MGC Diagnostics (Nasdaq: MGCD) today announced that Terrence W. Bunge, 
      an accomplished medical technology executive and investor, was elected 
      to the company’s Board of Directors, increasing the board’s size to six 
      members.
    


      “We are fortunate to have Terry join MGC’s Board of Directors,” said 
      Chairman Mark W. Sheffert. “He brings vast international, strategic and 
      operational management and leadership expertise. Along with his history 
      of creating highly innovative environments and proven record of growing 
      companies, MGC’s management team and shareholders gain an exceptional 
      resource. As a long-time investor in MGC with holdings of approximately 
      2% of MGC’s outstanding shares, he is keenly familiar with our company 
      and poised to make an immediate impact. We are excited about the 
      contributions he will make.”
    

      Since 2010, Bunge has managed a private investment portfolio of global 
      companies focused on medical devices, software and biotech 
      organizations. Prior to that, he was president, chief operating officer 
      and director of ACIST Medical Systems, Inc., an organization focused on 
      the design, development, manufacturing and sale of interventional 
      cardiology products and services. While leading ACIST, he grew sales 
      over fivefold during his seven years of leadership, achieving 
      profitability within the first 18 months of his tenure. Other experience 
      includes senior leadership positions with Science, Incorporated, Angeion 
      Corporation, and Medtronic. Bunge holds a Bachelor of Science in 
      Electrical Engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
    

      “I am delighted to join MGC Diagnostics’ highly regarded Board of 
      Directors, and I look forward to collaborating with my fellow board 
      members on innovative strategies for ongoing organizational growth and 
      profitability,” said Bunge. “With its state-of-the-art product and 
      solutions offering and a scalable business model, MGC is positioned for 
      success. I am excited to help MGC continue its commitment to uncovering 
      solutions for current and future cardiorespiratory health challenges.”
    

About MGC Diagnostics


      MGC Diagnostics Corporation (NasdaqCM: MGCD), is a global medical 
      technology company dedicated to cardiorespiratory health solutions. The 
      Company, through its subsidiaries Medical Graphics Corporation and 
      MediSoft SA, develops, manufactures and markets non-invasive diagnostic 
      systems. This portfolio of products provides solutions for disease 
      detection, integrated care, and wellness across the spectrum of 
      cardiorespiratory healthcare. The Company’s products are sold 
      internationally through distributors and in the United States through a 
      direct sales force targeting heart and lung specialists located in 
      hospitals, university-based medical centers, medical clinics, 
      physicians’ offices, pharmaceutical companies, medical device 
      manufacturers, and clinical research organizations (CROs). For more 
      information about MGC Diagnostics, visit www.mgcdiagnostics.com.
    


Contacts

      MGC Diagnostics CorporationMark W. SheffertChairman of the 
      Board of Directors612-436-2818orPadillaCRTAl 
      Galgano612-455-1720Al.Galgano@padillacrt.com














Release Summary
MGC Diagnostics today announced that Terrence W. Bunge, an accomplished medical technology executive and investor, was elected to the company’s Board of Directors.






Contacts

      MGC Diagnostics CorporationMark W. SheffertChairman of the 
      Board of Directors612-436-2818orPadillaCRTAl 
      Galgano612-455-1720Al.Galgano@padillacrt.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up























 


    Terrence Bunge | Ky Hung Thinh LLC | ZoomInfo.com


Terrence W Bunge - Eden Prairie, MN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Terrence W Bunge in Eden Prairie, MN


Terrence W Bunge

                                                                           Intelius found that Terrence W Bunge  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Eden Prairie, MN.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Terry  Bunge


Get Report Now

Age

Terrence W Bunge is in his 60s

Terrence Has Lived In

Eden Prairie, MN
Fergus Falls, MN
Minneapolis, MN







Terrence W Bunge



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Chief Operating Officer at Acist Medical Systems Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Terrence? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Terrence, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Terrence W Bunge
Get a Criminal Check on Terrence W Bunge
Get a Public Record Report on Terrence W Bunge
Get a People Search Report on Terrence W Bunge


Terrence W Bunge's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Terrence W Bunge has lived as well as Terrence W Bunge's phone numbers and email addresses.




Terrence W Bunge Has Lived in 1 States
Minnesota Address for Terrence W Bunge


7475 F***** C**** D* 

Eden Prairie, MN


Has Lived In

Eden Prairie, MN
Fergus Falls, MN


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Terrence W Bunge

(952) ***-**** - Eden Prairie, MN 
(763) ***-**** - Minneapolis, MN 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Terrence W Bunge



Get Email Report




Terrence W Bunge's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Terrence W Bunge's academic history.  Find out which schools Terrence W Bunge attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Terrence W Bunge received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Terrence W Bunge Has Attended 1 School
University of Michigan Terrence W Bunge has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Electrical Engineering               


Terrence W Bunge's Professional Information
Information regarding Terrence W Bunge's professional history.  Find out previous places Terrence W Bunge has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Terrence W Bunge Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Acist Medical Systems Inc
               Title: President and Chief Operating Officer
Company: KY Hung Thinh LLC
               Title: Global Investor
Terrence W Bunge's Experience
Title: President and Chief Operating Officer
               Company: Acist Medical Systems Inc
Job Details
               ACIST Medical Systems, Inc., A Bracco Group company, is a pioneering interventional and diagnostic technology company with a portfolio of advanced products, including the world's first Rapid Exchange FFR and High Definition IVUS systems. It is also a global market leader in advanced contrast imaging systems for cardiovascular angiography and radiology imaging. Through these products, ACIST is demonstrating its commitment to bringing unique and innovative technologies that simplify cardiovascular procedures and empower clinicians to treat patients with superior care. As part of the Bracco Group, ACIST benefits from the resources of a multinational conglomerate with broad expertise in cath lab technology and a dedication to continuous advancement. Headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, ACIST has worldwide presence with over 300 direct employees and facilities in Silicon Valley, The Netherlands, Shanghai and Tokyo.
Title: Global Investor
               Company: KY Hung Thinh LLC
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Terrence W Bunge

 See Terrence W Bunge's LinkedIn Profile



Terrence W Bunge's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Terrence W Bunge


Terrence W Bunge's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Terrence W Bunge's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Terrence Bunge
Username Matches

                  TerrenceBunge
                  BungeTerrence
                  Terrence.Bunge
                  Bunge.Terrence
                  Terrence_Bunge
                  Bunge_Terrence
                  Terrence-Bunge
                  Bunge-Terrence
                  TBunge
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
T Bunge







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














