


Burkart Flutes, Piccolos and Headjoints | Burkart Flutes & Piccolos



























































































 











Flutes


Flute Overview
Burkart Elite Flute
Burkart Professional Flute
Metal Options
Benefits of the C# Trill
Ordering Basics




Piccolos


Piccolo Overview
Burkart Elite Piccolo
Burkart Professional Piccolo
Limited Edition XXV Piccolos
Ordering Basics




Headjoints


Headjoints  Overview
Flute Headjoints
Piccolo Headjoints
Choosing the Right Headjoint
Request your Headjoint
Ordering Basics





Each Lillian Burkart flute and piccolo is custom made to the player's specification.
Every Burkart flute, piccolo and headjoint embodies the motto:
"The Sound and Feel of Great Design"

 







Web Design by Grant Communications, LLC

 © 
1982 -  2017, Burkart-Phelan, Inc.








Flute Overview | Burkart Flutes & Piccolos
























































































 







Flute Overview


The Burkart Elite Flute: 
The Burkart Elite flute is a handmade custom flute with soldered tone holes, featuring Burkart’s micro-Link™ pinless mechanism. Every flute option and customization is available in the Elite flute.
Elite Flutes are available starting at $14,500
The Burkart Professional Flute: 
The Burkart Professional model is handmade with the same custom built keys found on the Elite model. As of February, 2013, all Professional flutes are crafted with Burkart’s micro-Link™ pinless mechanism. This flute has drawn tone holes. The drawn tone hole is extruded from the material of the body tube.  The Professional flute is only available in B Foot and A=442.
Professional flutes are available starting at $10,600


Feature
Lillian Burkart Elite
Lillian Burkart Professional


Scale
 A=442, A=444
A=442


Mechanism
micro-Link™ Pinless Mechanism click here to watch a Flash video 

micro-Link™ Pinless Mechanism



Tone Holes
Soldered 
Drawn 


Metals
Platinum
14K Rose or White Gold
10K Rose Gold
5-95 Platinum Enhanced Silver
998 Silver
9K Gold on Silver
.018” Sterling Silver
.016” Sterling Silver
.014” Sterling Silver
14K Rose Gold
9K Gold on Silver
.018” & .016” Sterling Silver


French Pointed Arms
Included
Included


Gold Springs
Included
Included


G Donut (High-E Faciltator)
Included
Included


Gizmo
Included
Included


G Keys
  Inline or Offset available
 Inline or Offset available


Foot Joint
B or C Available
B Foot Only


Tonal Voicing
Included
Not Available


C# Trill Key 
Available
Available


Split-E on Offset G 
Available
Available


Split-E on In-line G
Available
Available


D# Roller 
Available
Available


Convertible B/C Foot joint 
Available
Not Available


Closed Hole
Available
Available


Key Engraving 

Available
Not Available



Key Customization
Available
Not Available


14K Mechanism
Available on 14K Gold and Platinum Flutes
Not Avaiable









Web Design by Grant Communications, LLC

 © 
1982 -  2017, Burkart-Phelan, Inc.








Ordering Basics | Burkart Flutes & Piccolos
























































































 







Ordering Basics

Lillian Burkart Elite & Professional Piccolos

Please       contact us at 978-425-4500       to discuss your order, including pricing and availability. 
Either approved financing or a 50% non-refundable       deposit is required to confirm your flute or piccolo order. We can accept       checks, wire transfer, Visa, Mastercard, American Express or Discover. 
The       balance is due prior to delivery. Payment must be received in full before       shipment of instrument. 
In       the case of instruments immediately available, payment (or financing) must       be made in full prior to delivery. 
Instruments       delivered in Massachusetts       are subject to 6.25% sales tax. 
Shipping       and insurance charges are in addition to stated costs (including repairs       and warranty work). 
A letter of confirmation and       projected delivery date will be issued within two weeks of order receipt. 

An expanded version from here; "Ordering a piccolo. Buy piccolos and other wood winds intrumentsd from one of the truly good flute brands. Compares favorably to Yamaha flutes."
What you will receive 

Your Lillian   Burkart piccolo is crafted under the watchful eyes of the  company’s founders, Lillian Burkart  and Jim Phelan.
Your piccolo purchase includes  our 1 year adjustment warranty.
Every Lillian   Burkart piccolo includes a swab stick, external cleaning  cloth, piccolo case and case cover.
If purchasing a headjoint with  your piccolo, your 2 month piccolo headjoint exchange begins once your piccolo  is shipped. 

Your new Piccolo - how long...to  wait? 

Each Lillian Burkart piccolo is hand made to  exacting standards. We do try to maintain an inventory of the most  common piccolo configurations available for trial and purchase. Due to seasonal  demands, we might not have immediate availability. In most cases, you can  receive one of the common configurations within 30 days; our most common  configurations are the Elite Custom with High G# Facilitator, the Elite Deluxe  with High G# Facilitator, and the Professional Split-E Model. 
 It may take up to 90 days for a custom order piccolo. 
 Extended waiting times are expected for piccolos with an open-G, a full German  system, or with 14K Gold keys.
 







Web Design by Grant Communications, LLC

 © 
1982 -  2017, Burkart-Phelan, Inc.








Metal Options | Burkart Flutes & Piccolos
























































































 







Metal Options

Platinum  (Elite only)
The Burkart platinum flute is made with a .011" wall of an extraordinary alloy, SSP, which intensifies the Burkart characteristics of resonance, responsiveness, and projection. Our platinum flutes are the most stable in terms of response and offer the flutist the most extreme dynamic possibilities.



14K  White (Elite only) or Rose Gold (Professional  & Elite)
Our classic 14K gold flutes feature the traditional rose or white gold alloys. The 14K flute produces a full, deep, rich timbre.
Our white gold tube produces an especially clear, resonant sound with excellent overtones and a wide palette.
A solid 14K rose gold mechanism is also offered on the Elite model and extends the magnificence of the gold Burkart flute. A gold mechanism will not tarnish and retains its luster for many lifetimes of enjoyment.


10K  Rose Gold (Elite  only) 
The 10K rose gold flute offers the flutist the opportunity to explore the added depth of gold while retaining the beautiful brilliance of a silver flute. The 10K gold Lillian Burkart Elite flute is made with solid gold tubing in a 0.014" wall thickness. It has silver tone holes, rings, and keywork. The standard flute includes a silver embouchure. An optional upgrade to a 14K embouchure is available. 


9K G&S(Professional  & Elite)
The exterior of the body and headjoint are 9K gold and the interior is sterling silver. The tubing is crafted in 0.016" wall thickness of which the 9K gold layer comprises 20%. This flute marries the best tonal qualities of gold and silver. Rich in aesthetic appeal, the 9K Gold & Silver flute is extremely rewarding to play.  





5-95  Platinum Enhanced Silver (Professional  & Elite)
Made from 5% pure platinum and 95% pure silver with a wall thickness of 0.016", this flute delivers an increased spectrum of color -as with gold or platinum- but with considerably less weight. Combining focused sound and good projection, the dynamics and intensity are greater than with sterling silver. 


Sterling  Silver
Burkart’s standard silver flutes are made of sterling  silver (92.5% silver). They are available in tubing  thicknesses of:
0.014" …The most shimmer, delicacy,  and “spin” in the sound  (Elite only) 
0.016" …Our most popular wall  thickness with a solid, warm timbre (Professional  & Elite) 
0.018" …The  darkest, roundest, and most robust sound in the sterling silver family (Professional & Elite)



998  Silver (Elite only)
Our 998 silver flute has the tonal depth,  color, and projection of a platinum flute, the warmth of a gold flute, and yet  speaks with the shimmer and brilliance of a silver flute. The resonance of this  flute is the result of its extraordinary 99.8% pure silver tube that is both  hard and reflective. Hardness imparts vibrancy, color, and a beautiful  distinction in the sound of the Lillian Burkart  Elite 998 silver flute. 




 







Web Design by Grant Communications, LLC

 © 
1982 -  2017, Burkart-Phelan, Inc.








Linda Chesis | Burkart Flutes & Piccolos
























































































 







Linda Chesis

Lillian Burkart 5-95 Platinum EnhancedSilver Flute
New York, USA
"The moment I first played the Burkart 5-95 Platinum-enhanced-silver flute I felt the resonance of the instrument vibrate in my fingers. Paired with my solid platinum headjoint, this flute delivers a full palette of colors and an enormous dynamic range. It makes it so much easier to achieve the nuances I seek in my performances."
An expanded version from here; "Linda Chesis on one of the best flute brands. Whether using our white gold flute, solid silver flute or sterling silver flute, make music today!"
Ms. Chesis was the top prizewinner at the Paris and Barcelona International Competitions. She received her Premier Prix from the Conservatoire National Superier de Musique and subsequently was appointed principal flute of the Orchestre de Capitole de Toulouse.  Ms. Chesis has been the recipient of many awards including a Solo Recitalist’s Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts.  She has been a guest artist at the Salzburg Mozarteum, the Spoleto Festival of Two Worlds, Bravo! Colorado, Tanglewood, and many other summer festivals. Linda is professor of flute and chair of the Woodwind Department at the Manhattan School of Music.  She has offered master classes at universities, conservatories, and for flute associations around the globe.  Her recordings can be heard on the EMI, Nonesuch and Music Masters labels.







Web Design by Grant Communications, LLC

 © 
1982 -  2017, Burkart-Phelan, Inc.








Elite Flute Options | Burkart Flutes & Piccolos
























































































 







Elite Flute Options


C# Trill  Key: 
So named because it moves the B- C# and C- C# trills  from the left hand to the right, while facilitating numerous other  high-register trills. 
 



Split-E Mechanism: Available on  flutes with either in-line or offset G keys. When fingering E, a bridge  mechanism closes the lower G cup independently from the upper G cup, correcting  the venting for the E3. E3 can be produced at any dynamic level with security. 
 


G Donut: Also enhances E3 production.  When made from a synthetic material, it is included in every flute at no extra  charge. If made from the same metal as the flute, it is offered at a small  additional cost. 


D# Roller: Can be added to the D# lever to  facilitate the slide from the D# to other foot joint notes below it. 
 



Convertible B/C Foot Joint: This C foot  joint has an additional section to attach when the performer needs to play low  B. This benefits the player who would normally wish to play the flute with a C  foot. 
 


Hand-Engraved Design Work: Can be done  on the key work of any flute to decorate and uniquely identify the individual instrument.
























 

Customization  of Keys: Done in close consultation with the performer who requires  special comforts for small hands, repetitive stress, etc. 







Web Design by Grant Communications, LLC

 © 
1982 -  2017, Burkart-Phelan, Inc.







John Burkart, Essex Property Trust Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  






















Feedback





John Burkart

Senior Exec VP:Asset Management,
Essex Property Trust Inc






Career History




Senior Exec VP:Asset Management
Essex Property Trust Inc, 5/2015-PRESENT


VP:Finance
Essex Property Trust Inc, 1/2000-3/2004









Website:
www.essexapartmenthomes.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1100 Park Place
Suite 200
San Mateo, CA 94403
United States


Phone:
1-650-655-7800


Fax:
1-650-494-8743


Web url:
www.essexapartmenthomes.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Golden Gate University
MBA, 1993


San Jose State University
Bachelor's Degree, Finance, 1987








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































    John Burkart | Essex Property Trust Inc | ZoomInfo.com



John F. Burkart of Essex Property Trust Inc Executive Profile

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



Essex Property Trust Inc
 ESS


			Morningstar Rating
		



Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Key Executives
                > John F. Burkart
            
John F. Burkart, Senior Executive Vice President, Asset Management



Profile
Connections






Biography



    John F. Burkart, Senior Executive Vice President, Asset Management, is responsible for leading the Asset Management, Property Operations, IT and Business Intelligence departments, and has served in that role since May 2015 and was promoted to Senior Vice President in 2005. His responsibilities include overseeing overall Operations and Portfolio Management including the redevelopment program, resource management, due diligence, facilities, the condominium portfolio, dispositions, and the commercial division. During his tenure at Essex, Mr. Burkart led the integration of the BRE Properties and Essex merger and has had a variety of responsibilities including oversight of the Research Department, the Operations Portfolio in the Northern Division, the Private Equity business, debt financing and obtaining the corporate credit rating. Prior to joining Essex in 1996, Mr. Burkart was a real estate consultant for various companies including Essex during the period of the IPO. Mr. Burkart began his real estate career in property management at Pacific States Management where he became Vice President responsible for the management of a portfolio including office, multi-family and security storage assets as well as oversight of the accounting department. Mr. Burkart received a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from San Jose State University in 1987 and a Master of Business Administration degree in Real Estate from Golden Gate University in 1993.
    





Board Membership




John F. Burkart is not a member of any boards




 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 
















Burkart John F. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      Burkart John F.
                    

•   PALO ALTO, CA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Burkart John F. is based out of Palo Alto.    WhaleWisdom has at least 3 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Burkart John F.. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from Burkart John F., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




burkart john f.


C/O ESSEX PROPERTY TRUST INC.

PALO ALTO
CA
                                                        
                                                    94303


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      6504943700
SEC SIC CODE:6798-REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 05/22/2017
4 filed on 05/10/2017
4 filed on 02/13/2017
4 filed on 12/09/2016
4 filed on 12/18/2015
4 filed on 12/16/2015
4/A filed on 12/15/2015
4 filed on 12/14/2015
4 filed on 12/11/2015
4 filed on 08/20/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free





















  John F. Burkhart | NADRA Blog




































          John F. Burkhart, Westech, Elected to NADRA BOD          


        December 10th, 2014        


For Further Information Contact:
Media Relations – David R. Hansen – 713.960.9111
Investor Relations – Steve Bender – 713.960.9111
North American Deck and Railing Association Elects Westech National Sales Manager John F. Burkhart to Board of Directors
HOUSTON, TX, [date], 2014 – Members of the North American Deck and Railing Association (NADRA) unanimously elected John F. Burkhart, National Sales Manager for Westech Building Products, to the NADRA Board of Directors. The election at the recent 2014 NADRA Annual Meeting marked the start of Burkhart’s three-year term. The NADRA board manages the business, property and affairs of the association in support of the NADRA mission to promote and grow the deck and railing industry.
Burkhart has over 18 years of fabrication and sales experience in the railing, and deck industry. He’s been with Westech for 14 years, first serving as the northeast regional sales representative, growing that market by $12 million. He became National Sales Manager in early 2009 and expanded Westech’s reach beyond fencing and into the Lumber and Building Material (LBM) market. In 2013 Burkart added Service Manager to his responsibilities, overseeing all facets of customer service. Burkhart has also been instrumental in Westech’s introduction of the TruGrain™ made with Resysta® line of bio-based building material profiles, introduced at the recent DeckExpo show.
Renee Havrilla, General Manager for Westech, strongly supports Burkhart’s election to the NADRA Board. “I especially appreciate NADRA’s focus on the consumer,” Havrilla said. “Building and life safety codes are becoming more important as Americans are spending more time outdoors, and it should go unsaid that safety must be paramount in manufacturing. John understands what is important to communicate between manufacturers, distributors, retailers and consumers, and he will be a great advocate for everyone’s best interests.”
About Westech
Westech Building Products, a Westlake company (NYSE: WLK), is a leading producer of fence, deck, rail, siding, window and door profiles servicing North America and export markets from headquarters in Houston, TX. For more information, visit westechbp.com
About NADRA
The North American Deck and Railing Association (NADRA) is the voice of the deck & railing industry promoting national Deck Safety Month, helping guide code writing and regulations with ICC and sponsoring DECK EXPO, the premiere trade event for the deck, dock, and railing industry.
DISCLAIMER:
All sales of Westech fence, deck and railing products are subject to Westech Building Products, Inc.’s standard terms and conditions of sale which are available upon request. Westech Building Products, Inc. makes no other warranty, express or implied, including but not limited to any warranty of merchantability or fitness for particular purpose. Westech and the Westech logo are registered trademarks of Westech Building Products, Inc.

###


        Tags: John Burkhart, John F. Burkhart, NADRA 2014 Elections, NADRA Board Member, Westech        Posted in
        Ask NADRA, Business Practices, Industry Brief, Industry News        |
                No Comments » 










Welcome to NADRA’s Blog!
 Thank you for visiting the official blog for the North American Deck and Railing Association (NADRA). We hope this blog provides you with a deeper insight into our work and who we are, and we’re very excited to be out here talking to you!
Thanks so much for visiting our blog. Enjoy!
- NADRA

Search the NADRA Blog

Search for:




NADRA Blog Archive
 Select Month  July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 


Popular Topics
2010
2011
2012
2014
2015
2017
Atlanta
Atlanta Chapter
azek
Bobby Parks
Boston Cedar
Building Codes
Business Practices
check your deck
Code
David Elenbaum
DeckExpo
Deck For A Soldier
deck safety
deck safety month
Fiberon
Glenn Mathewson
ICC
Industry Brief
Industry News
James Gunning
Jim Groff
Keith Compton
Marketing Methods
michael beaudry
NADRA
NADRA News
National Deck Competition
NJ Chapter
Perennial Wood
Press Release
Principia
Product Highlight
RDI
Screw Products
Timbertech
Tips & Tricks
Trex
Wolf
Wolf Home Products




North American Deck and Railing Association | NADRA.ORG | Site design by BL_NK Media Group









Burkart Lab











Privacy Policy  |  Contact Us  |  Site Map




Science
Education
Members
Publications
Activities
Links
Contact info



Welcome to the Burkart Lab

Spring 2017
Congratulations to  Dr. Matt Jaremko  
! who successfully defended his thesis titled, "Investigating protein-ligand and protein-protein interactions in type II non-ribosomal peptide synthetases"
We came back from our annual lab retreat.
  
Winter 2017 
We welcome Dr. Laëtitia Misson  
! She  
 
 received his Ph.D in Chemistry at  the University of Basel in Switzerland where she studied under the direction of Professor Florian P. Seebeck. Her dissertation centered around the biosynthetic origin of amino acid betaines.
We welcome our new graduate students!
 Terra Sztain-Pedone  
 received her B.S. in Chemistry at the University of California, Los Angeles under the direction of Professor Helena Chang. Her research focused on identifying epigenetic mechanisms of drug resistance in triple negative breast cancer.
Aochiu Chen  
 received his B.S. in Chemistry at the National Taiwan University under the direction of Professor Chao-Tsen Chen. He study focused on rational design and synthesizing  4-quinazolinone derivatives as inhibitors for human Rad51 recombinase. He was also in the lab of Professor Tsung-Shing Wang where he studied chemoenzymatic synthesis of fluorescent enterobactin probes for bacterial detection.
Kelsey Krug  
 received her B.S. in Chemistry at the University of California, San Diego under the direction of Professor Kamil Godula. She investigated the effects of extracellular glycosaminoglycans on neural stem cell differentiation in a microarray setting.
 
Fall 2016
Congratulations to  Dr. John Lee  
! who successfully defended his thesis titled, "Structural and biophysical studies of carrier proteins and their cargo"
Congratulations to  Dr. Kara Finzel  
!  who successfully defended her thesis titled, "Developing chemical biology tools to study and engineer fatty acid synthases"
 
We welcome our new graduate student!
 Troy Bemis  
 
                      received his B.S. in Chemistry at the University of Wisconsin-Madison under the direction of Professor Sandro Mecozzi. He studied perfluoronated amphiphilic polymers and their aggregates and its potential use as a theranostic drug delivery vehicle for volatile fluorous anesthetics.

Summer 2016 
Congratulations to Dr. Lorillee Tallorin  
!who successfully defended her thesis titled, "Utilizing chemical biology and computational tools to understand and engineer metabolic pathways."
We came back from our annual lab retreat.
 
Spring 2016
Congratulations to Dr. Ian McCulloch  
! who successfully defended his thesis titled, "Mechanism-based inhibitors as probes of aerobic flavoenzyme activity."
We welcome Dr. Sho Konno  
! He  
 
 received his Ph.D in Chemistry at Kyoto University where he studied under the direction of Professor Hideaki Kakeya. His dissertation focused on the development of chemical proteomic probes for adenylation domains in NRPSs.
Winter 2016

                      Congratulations to Dr. Christopher Vickery 
  
who successfully defended his thesis titled, "Posttranslational modification of natural product biosynthetic enzymes in bacteria and plants."
 
 
 
 
We welcome our new graduate students!
Katia Charov 
 received her B.S. in Chemistry Johns Hopkins University under the direction of Professor Caren Freel Meyers. She sudied the mechanistic studies of bacterial isoprenoid biosynthetic enzymes of the methylerythritol phosphate pathway with regards to the design of novel inhibitors.
Warren Chan  
 received his B.S. in Chemistry at the Washington University in St. Louis under the direction of Professor Timothy Wencewicz. He worked on the total synthesis of Tabtoxinine-beta lactam.
Adriana Corrales 
 received her B.S. in Biochemistry at the University of Texas (Austin) under the direction of Professor Adrian Keatinge-Clay. Her research focused on synthesizing extender unit analogs for incorporation by carrier proteins of polyketide synthases to produce novel polyketides.
Fall 2015
Another anual Chicken Pot Pie Thanksgiving feast and December Holiday Party! 
We welcome Dr. Ashay Patel 

                        , as a postdoctoral fellow in both the Burkart and McCammon research groups. He received Ph.D. at the University of California, Los Angeles under the guidance of Professor Ken N. Houk. His graduate work involved the study of the catalysis, mechanisms, and stereoselectivities of organic and bioogranic reactions using quantum chemical computations. 
                      We welcome Dr. Brian León 
. He received his Ph.D in Chemistry at the University of California, Santa Cruz where he studied under the direction of Professor Roger G. Linington. His dissertation was titled: “Discovery, Development, and Applications of Natural Products: Abyssomicin 2, Quinoline Amino Alcohols, and Fluorinated Bile Acids”.
                      
                      Summer 2015 

Congrats to our very own Dr. Joris Beld for his new faculty position at Drexel University, School of Medicine. We wish you all the best! 
We completed  our annual lab retreat and grunion run!
Winter 2015
We welcome the new members of the Burkart lab!
 Eunice Kim 
 received her B.S. in Chemistry at Sogang University where she studied under the direction of Prof. Bongjin Moon. Her research focused on developing lung cancer diagnostic tools based on polymer-tagged proteins. 
Jeff Mindrebo 
 received his B.S. in Biochemistry at the University of Houston. Under the direction of Prof. Jim Briggs, his research focused on developing kinase inhibitors for heart disease by in silico methods.
Thomas Bartholow 
 received his B.S. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at  the University of Wisconsin. He worked under the direction of Prof. Bhattacharyay. His projects included studying the editing domain/mechanism of Prolyl-Aminoacyl tRNA synthetase, redox potentials in copper binding proteins, and the hydride transfer mechanism of Quinone Oxidoreductase
Fall 2014
 Congratulations to  Dr. Justin Hammons 
who successfully defended his thesis titled, "Studies Toward the Synthesis and Mechanism of Action of CJ-15,801 and the Spirohexenolides." 
Congrats to Giao Nguyen for finishing her M.S. in 2015!
 
 
 
Congratulations to  Dr. Heriberto Rivera 
for his new faculty position in the Department of Chemistry at Palomar College! 
We recently published in Angewandte: 'Visualizing the Chain-Flipping Mechanism in Fatty-Acid Biosynthesis'. 
Studies toward understanding the 'Versatility of Acyl-Acyl Carrier Protein Synthetases' was featured in Chemistry & Biology Previews.
Our lab was featured in a recent ACS Chemical Biology podcast [Vol. 9 Issue 9]. In this issue, Prof. Burkart discusses the value in targeting PPTases as a novel drug target against microbial agents. Listen here!
 We successfully had our annual Chicken Pot Pie & Holiday 2014 Potluck!
Summer 2014

Annual lab retreat and grunion run. See pictures here and here! 
We welcome Dr. Peter Tufar  
  who investigaved the selective structural and functional interactions of Peptidyl Carrier Proteins in Bacillus. He worked under the guidance of Professor Volker Dötsch at the Intistute of Biophysical Chemistry at Goethe-Universität Frankfurt a. Main.
We welcome Dr. Tony D. Davis  
 who investigated...... He worked under the guidance of Professor Derek Tan from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center .
Our first own X-ray crystal structure of a protein:  PptT!
 

Winter 2014

Finally updated the website! 
Congratulations to Dr. Nick Kosa 
  and Dr. Michael Rothmann
, who both successfully defended their theses in 2013. 
In a collaborative effort with the Tsai lab we published recently a Nature paper titled 'Trapping the dynamic acyl carrier protein in fatty acid biosynthesis'.
Summer 2013
In June 2013 we went to Mexico for our annual lab retreat!                      
Fall 2012
We welcome Matt Jaremko
				      

 in our lab! He comes to us from Hawaii, where he received his Master's from the University of Hawaii working under Dr. Jian Yu on the biosynthesis of polyhydroxyalkanoates. In the Burkart lab he will focus on structure elucidation of carrier proteins.
Check out Nick Kosa
  

's Nature Methods paper on reversible tagging of carrier proteins,	highlighted	in UCSD	news and	C&EN news. 
 Soon more on algae biofuel and biotechnology.
Summer 2012
On Wednesday, June 6, 2012, Jillian L. Blatti defended succesfully her thesis titled "Investigating fatty acid biosynthesis within the algal chloroplast using Chlamydomonas reinhardtii as a model". Congratulations!
Congratulations to all the undergraduates!
We welcome Dr. Heri Rivera  
 , Kara Finzel, and Jen Michaud to our lab!
 Jen  Michaud, Boston University, joins the lab to apply her algae-to-biofuels  experience to exploration of fatty acid biosynthesis in microalgae.
On Tuesday, November 29, 2011, Bob Haushalter defended succesfully his thesis titled 'Investigating Molecular Interactions in Modified Acyl Carrier Protein'. Congratulations!
Summer 2011
Burkart Laboratory v2.0
						  The Burkart lab has evolved yet again. The remnants of the  fore founders have slowly dissipated, and they will be all but a memory in the  upcoming months. The new members have brought with them a contagious vigor and  spirit, an enthusiasm that has inspired lab elders. With an evolving laboratory  comes new and exciting science. Recent organization has created a thriving  environment for each lab section to focus on solving a broad scientific goal. A  ‘green’ tinge continues to infiltrate the lab as the algae group expands to  explore various renewable energy prospects, from algal biofuels to green  coproducts.
					  
Congratulations to the  most recent doctoral graduates:
On Thursday, May 27th, 2010, Gene Hur defended his  thesis entitled "Crosslinking Studies in  Natural Products Biosynthesis." He is currently at the University of  California, San Francisco studying under Professor Fujimori.
                        On Wednesday, March 10th, 2010, Brian Jones  delivered his thesis presentation, “Synthetic Studies Toward the Pladienolide  and Spirohexenolide Natural Products." He is now a postdoctoral fellow at  The Scripps Research Institute Florida working under Professor Roush.
 Welcome to the newest faces in the Burkart Lab:
John (David) Lee hails  from UC Santa Cruz, where he worked under Professor Bakthan Singaram. Following  an internship at Intel Labs, John now resides in the Burkart lab where he is  working towards the structural and functional characterization of proteins  involved in fatty acid and polyketide biosynthesis using multidimensional NMR  techniques.
Lori Tallorin received her undergraduate degree from UCLA,  where she worked under Professor Jon Fukuto, and obtained an M.S. from  Cal-State LA working under Professor Matthias Selke. Her current efforts in the  Burkart lab involve screening potential anti-malarial  agents that inhibit the activity of enoyl reductase domains.  
Ian McCulloch received his undergraduate degree from Reed College where he worked on the asymmetric synthesis of alkyl serine derivatives. His current project involves developing chemical probes for studying flavoenzymes.
Nathan Schoepp recently obtained a chemistry degree from  UCSD, where he worked as an undergraduate in the Trogler, Mayfield, and Burkart  labs. He will continue to work in the Burkart lab on an M.S. thesis project  aimed at developing coproducts from algae. Nathan will also resume his efforts  with large scale production of algae biomass.
 
Welcome to our newest postdoctoral fellows:
Dr. Eva Sonnenschein has  arrived from Jacobs University (Bremen, Germany) and the Max Planck Institute for  Marine Microbiology (Bremen, Germany) where she worked under Prof. Matthias  Ullrich. Currently in the Burkart lab, Eva works on metabolic engineering of  microalgae to optimize crop protection in biofuel production.
Dr. Fumihiro Ishikaba has come to the Burkart lab from Osaka Prefecture University where he worked under  Professor Ikuo Fujii. His efforts in the Burkart lab are directed towards the  development of chemical probes for fatty acid and polyketide synthase  dehydratase domains.

Winter 2010
~A New Era in the Burkart Lab~
As the last wave of the lab's  founding members move on to the next phases of their careers, and new faces  begin to appear all around us - working hard to keep up the legacy that was  established by legends, a new era has arisen in the Burkart lab.  A new decade, a new face.  It is met not with sadness, but with joy, a  new vigor and life to carry forward the findings of those who came before us.  They will not be forgotten.  Their spirits remain.  We wish them all the best in their newest  endeavors.  GOOD LUCK!!!
Congratulations to the recent doctoral graduates:
On Wednesday, January 27, 2010,  Timothy Foley delivered his thesis entitled "Manipulating  Posttranslational Modification in Natural Product Biosynthesis," and he  will soon be taking a postdoctoral position at the NIH's Chemical Genomics  Center in Bethesda, Maryland. 
                          On Tuesday, December 09, 2008,  Andrew Worthington gracefully defended his thesis: "Chemoenzymatic  Investigations of Protein-Protein Interactions in Carrier Protein-Mediated  Biosynthesis." Andy is currently a Research Scientist at Worthington  Biochemical Corporation.
                          Finally, Jordan Meier  successfully defended his thesis on Tuesday, June 23,  2009, designated "Synthetic  Active Site Probes for PKS and NRPS Biosynthetic Enzymes." Jordan is  currently a postdoctoral fellow at Caltech with Professor Peter Dervan.

Welcome to the new faces in the Burkart Lab:
Nick Kosa, graduating  from the University of Texas, Austin, has come into the lab to characterize the  activation of carrier proteins via phosphopantetheinyltransferases (PPTases) in  hopes of harnessing their common functionality using custom CoA probes to  quantify activity.
Justin Hammons,  graduating from the University of California, Davis, is working towards the  synthesis and biological activity of natural products and their analogues.
Dan Fox, coming to us  from California State University at San Marcos, is diligently working on the  chemoenzymatic synthesis of arabinosyl-2’-fluoro-2’-deoxy NAD+.
Chris Vickery, a  recent graduate of the University of Maryland, has joined the lab to aid in  efforts towards the chemoenzymatic synthesis of CoA analogues.
And finally, Mike Wuo  has translated his skills acquired working as an undergraduate researcher in  the Burkart lab to investigate protein-protein interactions between NRPS  modules.
Welcome to our new postdoctoral fellow:
Dr. Joris Beld has just arrived from the ETH Zurich,  Switzerland, where he received his PhD on ‘Small-molecule diselenides as probes  for oxidative protein folding’ in the lab of Don Hilvert. He is continuing the  DISCODE project by developing bioassays on polycarbonate.






										News



Congrats to Dr. Matt Jaremko for successfully defending his thesis!
Congrats to our very own Dr. Kara Finzel for her new faculty position at Hofstra University!
Check out our activities!
 
 
 




Recent papers

León, B., Kashyap, M., Chan, W., Krug, K., Castro, J., LaClair, J. J., & Burkart, M.D. (2017). A Challenging Pie to Splice: Drugging the Spliceosome. Angewandte Chemie International Edition.
Finzel, K., Beld, J., Burkart, M. D., & Charkoudian, L. K. (2017).Utilizing Mechanistic Cross-Linking Technology To Study Protein-Protein Interactions: An Experiment Designed for an Undergraduate Biochemistry Lab. Journal of Chemical Education 2017, 94 (3), pp 375–379..
Barajas, J.F., Shakya, G., Moreno, G., Rivera Jr., H., Jackson, D.R., Topper, C.L., Vagstad, A.L., LaClair, J. J., Townsend, C.A.,  Burkart, M.D., & Tsai, S.C.. (2017).  Polyketide mimetics yield structural and mechanistic insights into product template domain function in nonreducing polyketide synthases. Proceedings of the National  Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 2017, 114 (21), E4142-E4148.
Szyjka, S.J., Mandal, S., Schoepp, N.G., Tyler, B.M., Yohn, C.B., Poon, Y.S., Villareal, S., Burkart, M.D.,  Shurin, J.B. & Mayfield, S.P. (2017).  Evaluation of phenotype stability and ecological risk of a genetically engineered alga in open pond production. Algal Research 2017, 24 Part A, 378-386




									Announcements
								


Natural Products Affinity Group











© 2017 Burkart Lab.  All rights reserved.






