










 







































































Employee
 - Webmail
 - Virtual Office
FTP












100 Years of Engineering Excellence

Markets


Search Projects


Market


Buildings/MEP

Government Facilities
Parking Garages
Commercial Office
Sustainability
Schools
Condition Assessment



Environmental

Assessment
Brownfields
Hazardous Waste



Integrated Water Management

Water Supply
Water Treatment
Distribution Systems
Stormwater
Pumping & Collection Systems
Wastewater Treatment Facilities



Land Development

Retail/Commercial
Government Facilities
Subdivisions
Recreation
Schools
Health Care



Niche

Asset Management
Resiliency



Transportation

Roads
Bridges
Traffic
Trails
Airports
Transit
Waterfront





Client

Cities & Towns
Federal Agencies
Private Companies
Professional Services
State Agencies



Location

Massachusetts
New Hampshire
Maine
Connecticut
Rhode Island
New York
New Jersey
Other




About

Philosophy

Leadership

People

History

FST Engineers Inc. NY

Affiliations



News

In The News

Press Releases

Awards

Presentations

Blog



Careers

Open Positions

Employee Benefits



Contact

Locations

Burlington, MA
Boston, MA
Quincy, MA
Hyannis, MA
Bedford, NH
South Portland, ME
East Windsor, CT
Melville, NY
New York, NY


Contact Us











Massachusetts
Kenneth F. Burns Memorial Bridge





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 






Kenneth F. Burns Memorial Bridge
Worcester - Shrewsbury, MA




















Market
Buildings/MEP
Environmental
Integrated Water Management
Land Development
Niche
Transportation



Sub-market
Select a Market



Location
Massachusetts
New Hampshire
Maine
Connecticut
Rhode Island
New York
New Jersey
Other


Client
Cities & Towns
Federal Agencies
Private Companies
Professional Services
State Agencies


filter





Massachusetts Projects:


Design-Build Owner’s Representative, Runway End 33L Safety ImprovementsLogan International Airport, East Boston, MA
Restoration of the Cape Cod Rail TrailHarwich to Wellfleet, MA
Conley TerminalMassachusetts Port Authority, Boston, MA
Water Pollution Control FacilitySomerset, MA
Sagamore Rotary Grade SeparationBourne, MA
Plymco Mill Brownfield RestorationPlymouth, MA
Bedford Pavement ManagementBedford, MA
MWRA Pump StationsQuincy, MA
Improvements to Water Pollution Control Facility & Remote Pumping StationsDartmouth, MA
3-D Visualization, Burns BridgeShrewsbury-Worcester, MA
Mystic River Reservation TrailSomerville, MA
Bay Street Bridge Replacement/Morey's DamTaunton, MA
Black Falcon TerminalSouth Boston, MA
Terminal Slip ImprovementsHyannis, MA
Training Ship Berth RehabilitationBuzzards Bay, MA
Highland CommonsHudson and Berlin, MA
Terminal B Garage at LoganLogan International Airport
Bradley Palmer LightingTopsfield, MA
VA Administration Cryogenics Bio-Repository FacilityJamaica Plain, MA
HVAC Improvements and Solar Photovoltaic SystemsGreater Lawrence Sanitary District
Photovoltaic SystemDeer Island Treatment Plant
South Street RoundaboutBraintree, MA
UV Disinfection, Water Treatment PlantTaunton, MA
Logan Airport Connector East Boston GreenwayEast Boston, MA
Fitch's BridgeGroton, MA
CSX Bridge Bundle #3 Design-BuildCentral and Western MA
Tobin Bridge Structural Modeling and AnalysisBoston/Chelsea, MA
Central Artery/TunnelBoston, MA
I-495 Corridor Transportation StudyWestford-Salisbury, MA
Nonantum Road ImprovementsNewton-Watertown-Brighton, MA
Bremen Street Park East Boston GreenwayEast Boston, MA
Pine Banks ParkMalden, MA
Traffic Signal & Intersection Improvements at Route 105Middleborough, MA
Blue Line Station Improvements MBTABoston, MA
Water Mains RehabilitationFall River, MA
Queset CommonsEaston, MA
Former Dry Cleaners - Framingham, Mass.Framingham, MA
Gasoline Filling/Service Station - Newton, Mass.Newton, MA
Former Dry Cleaners - Medford, Mass.Medford, MA
Former Dry Cleaners - Waltham, Mass.Waltham, MA
Former Bernat MillUxbridge, MA
Former Reuping East Facility, EPA Brownfield SiteTaunton, MA
Former Footwear Manufacturing FacilityMedway, MA
Gasoline Filling Station - Sherborn, Mass.Sherborn, MA
Brownfields CleanupCarver, MA
Herter Hall HVAC UpgradesUMass Amherst
USS ConstitutionCharlestown, MA
Maplewood ParkMalden, MA
Little Mystic Channel (BOS019) CSO Storage FacilityCharlestown, MA
Bernese Street Pumping StationFairhaven, MA
North Dorchester Bay CSO FacilitiesNorth Dorchester Bay, MA
Morrissey Boulevard Drainage ImprovementsBoston, MA
Hopkinton Pavement ManagementHopkinton, MA
Stormwater Pump StationEast Boston, MA
Drawbridge Over Annisquam RiverGloucester, MA
Logan Express Parking GarageFramingham, MA
Water System ImprovementsAdams, MA
Waterworks ServicesBarnstable, MA
Lynnfield-Saugus PipelineLynnfield & Saugus, MA
Wachusett Aqueduct Pumping StationMarlborough, MA
Northborough Water System Master PlanNorthborough, MA
Wastewater Treatment FacilitiesFairhaven, MA
Intermodal Transportation FacilityFitchburg, MA
Ultraviolet DisinfectionMarshfield, MA
Gloucester Water WorksGloucester, MA
Technical Assistance, John J. Carroll Water Treatment PlantMarlborough, MA
Security ImprovementsDeer Island, Boston Harbor, MA
Pumping Station GeneratorFairhaven, MA
Backup Power Generator at Call CenterUniversity of Massachusetts - Worcester, MA
Planet Aid Site RemediationMilford, MA
As-Needed ServicesHopkinton, MA
Subdivision Review ServicesVarious Locations
Winterberry Hills DevelopmentEaston, MA
Brandywine Village 40B DevelopmentFranklin, MA
Investigating Water LeaksGrafton, MA
Martin A. Coughlin Bypass RoadEast Boston/Chelsea, MA
River Street Bridge ReplacementBoston, MA
Rain GardenLeominster, MA
Water System Asset ManagementHolliston, MA
Fire Protection & Water SystemsUMass Lowell
Railroad Lane Area ImprovementsHardwick, MA
Maple Street and Maple Avenue Roadway ImprovementsChester, MA
Reserved Channel Construction AdministrationBoston, MA
Morton Street BridgeBoston, MA




Other Location Projects

Connecticut
Maine
New Hampshire
New York
Rhode Island
New Jersey
Other





                        
                            About this Project
                        
                    
The Kenneth F. Burns Memorial Bridge carries Route 9 over Lake Quinsigamond. The new bridge will be the fifth at this location, the first being a floating bridge that consisted of logs chained together to carry the wagons and stage coaches on the Boston-Worcester Turnpike. The current concrete deck arch bridge dates to 1916 and has been repaired and reconfigured several times in the past 96 years. The bridge has reached the end of its useful lifespan and must be replaced. The new replacement bridge will cost approximately $89 million and take two years to build.
 
The replacement bridge addresses a variety of deficiencies as follows:

A wider profile with three east and westbound travel lanes for vehicles with bicycle accommodating shoulders on both sides.
New ADA sidewalks on both sides with "bump-outs" over each pier featuring seating for regatta viewers and anyone looking to enjoy the Lake.
A westbound right turn lane at the intersection of Route 9 and Lake Avenue to accommodate motorists traveling to UMass and points north from the east.
A westbound left turn lane at the intersection of Route 9 and Lake Avenue to eliminate the current need to make a U-turn north of the intersection.
The complete reconstruction of the intersection and installation of new traffic signal equipment to improved levels of service for vehicular traffic.
A more open steel construction and an open median between the east and westbound lanes of the bridge will allow light and air under the structure, providing a more comfortable experience for boaters.
Stormwater will be captured and treated before discharge to the Lake.

 
The replacement bridge will be a 5-span steel deck arch bridge approximately 870 feet from end to end. It will be approximately 143 feet wide. This type was selected based on stakeholder input from the public involvement process to date, the ability to minimize environmental and right-of-way impacts, the ability to use accelerated construction techniques, lower construction and life-cycle costs, bridge aesthetics, and ease of construction staging.




More Information


Location: Worcester - Shrewsbury, MA
Client: Massachusetts Department of Transportation
Highlights: See FST's 3-D visualization of the bridge here.
















Headquarters:
Fay, Spofford & Thorndike:
5 Burlington Woods
Burlington, MA 01803
(800) 835-8666
FST Engineers, Inc:534 Broadhollow Road, Suite 305
Melville, NY 11747
(866) 378-6369


Offices
Burlington, MA Boston, MA Quincy, MA Hyannis, MA South Portland, ME Bedford, NH East Windsor, CTMelville, NY New York, NY


Contact Join Mailing List
Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Site Map
Copyright 2017 Fay, Spofford & Thorndike






















Kenneth F Burns - Miami, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kenneth F Burns in Miami, FL


Kenneth F Burns

                                                                           Intelius found that Kenneth F Burns  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Miami, FL.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Kenneth F Burns is in his 70s

Kenneth Has Lived In

Miami, FL
Miami Beach, FL

Kenneth's Relatives

Sherine Williams







Kenneth F Burns



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kenneth? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kenneth, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kenneth F Burns
Get a Criminal Check on Kenneth F Burns
Get a Public Record Report on Kenneth F Burns
Get a People Search Report on Kenneth F Burns


Kenneth F Burns's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kenneth F Burns has lived as well as Kenneth F Burns's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kenneth F Burns Has Lived in 1 States
Florida Address for Kenneth F Burns


295 N* 1**** T** 

Miami, FL


Has Lived In

Miami, FL
Miami Beach, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kenneth F Burns

(305) ***-**** - Miami Beach, FL 
() ***-**** - Miami Beach, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kenneth F Burns



Get Email Report




Kenneth F Burns's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kenneth F Burns


Kenneth F Burns's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kenneth F Burns's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kenneth Burns
Username Matches

                  KennethBurns
                  BurnsKenneth
                  Kenneth.Burns
                  Burns.Kenneth
                  Kenneth_Burns
                  Burns_Kenneth
                  Kenneth-Burns
                  Burns-Kenneth
                  KBurns
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K Burns







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Burns Bridge, Worcester | Shrewsbury | Howard Stein Hudson:







































                        Engineers + Planners
                    








 
















Our Work
 






Burns Bridge, Worcester | Shrewsbury
































Massachusetts Department of Transportation
Shrewsbury, Massachusetts
The Route 9 Kenneth F. Burns Memorial Bridge is a vital transportation link for the central Massachusetts region, carrying 47,700 vehicles each weekday as well as substantial pedestrian traffic. The surrounding area is home to a variety of businesses and residences that depend on Route 9 to carry deliveries and provide customer access. Through MassDOT’s Accelerated Bridge Program, the Burns Bridge is being replaced with a new span to meet current and future traffic demands.
HSH developed a traffic management plan to ensure that construction of the new span has the least possible impact on commuters, pedestrians, and local businesses. We also developed a public involvement plan that included early coordination with public officials and key constituents in the project area to gain public trust in the project. This was achieved through face-to-face public information meetings and a dedicated project website designed and maintained by HSH. Construction of the new Burns Bridge is currently underway.



 
Agency Projects:
Burns Bridge, Worcester | Shrewsbury
Casey Arborway, Boston
Cotuit Road Modern Roundabout, Sandwich
Craigie Bridge, Boston | Cambridge
Fore River Bridge, Quincy | Weymouth
I-90/Hynes Tunnel Ceiling Removal Project, Boston
Kenmore Square, Boston
MassDOT Road Safety Audits, Statewide
MBTA Wonderland Parking Garage, Revere
Mount Auburn Street Corridor Study, Cambridge | Watertown
North Station Area Mobility Action Plan, Boston








Ready to learn more?
We're here to talk about how we can help you with your next project.


Contact us



 









  







Worcester, Shrewsbury light up new Kenneth Burns bridge - Worcester Mag






















































































 









Sign in




City Desk

Busted!
Columnists
Cover Story
Editorials
Education
The Education Beat
Letters to the Editor
News stories
That’s What They Said
Two Minutes With
Worcester Magazine Rewind
Worcesteria
Your Turn


Night & Day

Best of Worcester
Entertainment stories
Film reviews
Music
The Lyford Files


Krave

Bite Sized
Date Night
Dining Directory
Dining reviews
Wine columns


Calendar
Worcesteria
Opinion
Photo/video

Staff photo galleries
Staff videos
Submitted photo galleries
Submitted videos


Contests
 







Sign in






Welcome!Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password?






Password recovery


Recover your password

your email




 








Search
















                Thursday, July 27, 2017
            

Sign in / JoinNewsletter
Classifieds

Classifieds
Jobs
Real Estate






























Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.










Worcester Mag





 















City Desk

AllBusted!ColumnistsCover StoryEditorialsEducationThe Education BeatLetters to the EditorNews storiesThat’s What They SaidTwo Minutes WithWorcester Magazine RewindWorcesteriaYour Turn


 

Dead body found during fire being investigated as a suspicious death 




 

14-year-old hit in early morning drive-by shooting 




 

Angelo Colon-Ortiz pleads not guilty in Vanessa Marcotte murder case 




 

West Nile Virus found in mosquito samples from Worcester 

 


Night & Day

AllBest of WorcesterEntertainment storiesFilm reviewsMusicThe Lyford Files


 

Benatar and Giraldo give it their ‘Best Shot’ 




 

THE LYFORD FILES RETURNS…AGAIN 




 

Fifteen years of hill climbs with the George Street Challenge 




 

Tearin’ it up at Wootown Wakefest 

 


Krave

AllBite SizedDate NightDining DirectoryDining reviewsWine columns


 

Bite Sized: Leisure, Libations, and Local Fare 




 

Red Pepper’s Sultry Sichuan 




 

Beer Festival comes to Worcester Common 




 

New brew yard at Wachusett Brewery 

 


Calendar
Worcesteria




 

Worcesteria: Lower speed limit, Belmont Bridge, FBI raid 




 

Worcesteria: Sweet closed, cell phone pain, #scoopthepoop 




 

Worcesteria: sold courthouse, slashed bus routes, and a cry for mental… 




 

Worcesteria: new dog park, new website, no news for Worcester teachers 




 

Worcesteria: city budget OK’d, Southbridge First! defeated, Irish Times building bought 

 


Opinion
Photo/video

AllStaff photo galleriesStaff videosSubmitted photo galleriesSubmitted videos


 

The last tango for Paris Cinema as crews start demolishing Worcester… 




 

Video and Photo Gallery: Make Music Worcester 2017 




 

VIDEO: Fans line up early in Worcester to see Patriots Super… 




 

2017 Wootown Wakefest ready to make waves 

 


Contests




 

Where in the World is Worcester Magazine? 




 

The Bravest Heart 2017 




 

Best Of Worcester 2017: Vote Here! 




 

Worcester Railers: Bruins Giveaway 




 

Perfect Smile Sweepstakes 

 

























 




Home  

City Desk    

Worcesteria    Worcester, Shrewsbury light up new Kenneth Burns bridge





City DeskWorcesteria

Worcester, Shrewsbury light up new Kenneth Burns bridge

By Walter Bird Jr. -   November 1, 2015 3 2881 




Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter






Above, an illuminated Kenneth F. Burns Memorial Bridge, which spans Lake Quinsigamond from Shrewsbury to Worcester/Steven King photos
When the lights lit up along the entire length of the Kenneth F. Burns Memorial Bridge in the darkness of the first night of November, the “oohs” and “ahs” were audible. They grew louder moments later when fireworks shot up from a barge on Lake Quinsigamond.
Pam Krause, granddaughter of Kenneth F. Burns
Well over 1,000 people crammed the concourse at Regatta Point and crowded the beachfront. Countless others were expected to watch from their homes and cottages along the lake as local, state and federal officials celebrated a $110-million project they say came in $5 million under budget and four months ahead of schedule. The finished product – a multi-lane bridge with bike lanes, benches and plaques and an illuminated underbelly and sails at each end – was called “magnificent” and “beautiful” during a roughly 60-minute ceremony that drew officials from the Mass Department of Transportation along with Lt. Gov. Karyn Polito, U.S. Congressman Jim McGovern and several other luminaries.
In the shadow of the bridge – only the second bridge in Massachusetts that changes colors (the Leonard P. Zakim Memorial Bridge in Boston is the other) – the granddaughter of the bridge’s namesake said he would be “humbled” by the fanfare, and expressed thanks that his name remained attached to the project.
Fireworks explode in the shadow of the new Kenneth F. Burns Memorial Bridge
“My grandfather would be pleased with the way the bridge was done so crews could still function,” said Pam Krause, whose grandfather, Kenneth Burns, was a crew coach for 45 years at Shrewsbury High School. Pam Krause and her husband also coach crew at the school. Kenneth Burns was also chief of police in Shrewsbury and was a former commissioner for the state Division of Fish & Game. The bridge, built in 1916, was named after Kenneth Burns in 1983, about a year after his death.
“Is beautiful. They’ve done a great job with it,” Pam Krause said of the bridge. “My grandfather would love this. I think he would really enjoy this bridge.”
Polito said the “spectacular bridge” serves the community as a link to “our storied past, to the quality of the present, and to our bridge future.”
MassDOT Secretary and CEO Stephanie Pollack  said the bridge, “represents what happens when engineers and designers listen to the people who live in the community.”
From the arches on the bridge, designed to accommodate sailboats, to sustainable, LED lighting, to benches for those who want to rest as they walk along the bridge, the project sought to meet the needs of many, Pollack said.
State Sen. Harriette Chandler joined others in congratulating all involved with the project, including the contractors, The Middlesex Corporation. She also waxed a bit poetic about the bridge, saying it would, “outlive all of us.”
Not long before the lights were turned on at the bridge, Chandler made one more rather fitting observation.
“I wanted this bridge to out-Zakim the Zakim Bridge,” she said.
Not many on hand appeared to disagree.
 

 
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 

Worcesteria: Lower speed limit, Belmont Bridge, FBI raid 

 



 

Worcesteria: Sweet closed, cell phone pain, #scoopthepoop 

 



 

Worcesteria: sold courthouse, slashed bus routes, and a cry for mental help 

  


3 COMMENTS






the bridge isn’t just functionally excellent . it has a great appearance as well. a job well done to all the many engineers and workers involved in this project


Reply 






Great job Middlesex !!! Two thumbs up !!!


Reply 






Shrewsbury is a town in Worcester County


Reply 








LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply 



Please enter your comment!



Please enter your name here



You have entered an incorrect email address!
Please enter your email address here




 

 

 




STAY CONNECTED0FansLike4,242FollowersFollow11,547FollowersFollow   Recent Posts 

Dead body found during fire being investigated as a suspicious death


14-year-old hit in early morning drive-by shooting


Angelo Colon-Ortiz pleads not guilty in Vanessa Marcotte murder case


West Nile Virus found in mosquito samples from Worcester


PawSox brass pay official visit to Worcester


 




Do you agree with the decision to grant parole to O.J. Simpson?


 Yes
 No
 Not Sure


View Results




 Loading ...
 

 
 
 




















ABOUT USCelebrating 40 years in 2016. 

Questions? editor@worcestermag.comContact us: sales@worcestermagazine.comFOLLOW US



















 








Advertise
Digital Services
Contact Us
Central MA Classifieds
Past Issues
Newsletter
Terms & Conditions
 

                    © 2015 Worcester Magazine. All Rights Reserved.                




























Kenneth F. Burns Clerkship Program In Laboratory Animal Medicine and Pathology



















 



























Skip to main contentToggle navigation

begin sitewide navigation

LSU.edu
myLSU
Directories


Give
Visit
Apply 
Employment 
Contact Us 





Search lsu.edu


Go!









LSU

School of Veterinary Medicine

Menu  

About
Dean's Welcome
LSU SVM at a Glance
Major Contributions
Accreditation
Administration
Faculty Pages
Diversity
WednesdaysWhosWho
Our Stories
Meet Our Alumni
Community Outreach
Contact Us
Directions


Apply
DVM Admissions
MS/PhD Admissions
Internships and Residencies
Employment Opportunities


Departments
Comparative Biomedical Sciences
Pathobiological Sciences
Veterinary Clinical Sciences
Research and Advanced Studies
Veterinary Education and Student Affairs
Veterinary Medicine Library
Veterinary Teaching Hospital
LADDL
Diversity
Faculty Pages


Alumni
Alumni Resources
Alumni Activities
Keep in Touch
Distinguished Alumnus Award
Alumni Giving
Continuing Education
Employee Opportunities
Folder Review
Meet Our Alumni


Hospital/Services
Veterinary Teaching Hospital
Emergencies
Wildlife Hospital
Shelter Medicine
Teleradiology Service
Counseling Services
LADDL (Diagnostic Lab)
BIOMMED
Flow Cytometry Core Facility
Microscopy Center
Veterinary Medicine Library
Disaster Preparedness
One Health
Community Outreach


News/Events
Events
Continuing Education
Community Outreach
News Releases
Our Stories
La Veterinaire
SVM Update (e-newsletter)
Annual Bulletin (course catalog)
Advancement Report
Research Report
Equine Research Report
Wildlife Hospital newsletter
WednesdaysWhosWho


Research
Research and Advancied Studies
BIOMMED
COBRE
Equine Health Studies Program
Flow Cytometry Core Facility
Division of Laboratory Animal Medicine
LECOR
Microscopy Center
Small Animal Imaging Facility
Veterinary Endocrine and Metabolic Disease Lab
Veterinary Medicine Library
Statistical Services Unit
Student Research
Initiative for Maximizing Student Development
One Health


Resources
Student
Employee
Visitors and Veterinarians


Jobs
Employment at SVM
Employment around U.S.


Give

 




 
MS/PhD ProgramsCourse DescriptionsPost-doctoral FellowshipsSociety of Phi ZetaGoals of the SocietyCriteria for MembershipU.S. ChaptersPhi Zeta Research DayPhi Zeta Research DayCall for AbstractsPoster InstructionsStudent Research OpportunitiesSociety of Phi ZetaPast Award RecipientsFunding SourcesReserch Facilities


Kenneth F. Burns Clerkship Program In Laboratory Animal Medicine and Pathology

 
Program Overview 
Are you interested in a possible career in laboratory animal medicine or pathology
                     (anatomic or clinical)?  Would you like to discover whether one of these fields is
                     right for you?  Consider a Kenneth F. Burns Summer Fellowship or Externship.  The
                     goal of the Kenneth F. Burns Trust program is to provide veterinary students with
                     opportunities to explore the fields of laboratory animal medicine or pathology (anatomic
                     and clinical) as possible career choices through significant “real-world” experience
                     in one of these fields.
                  
 
Selecting a Host Institution
Students are encouraged to consider spending time at institutions with accredited
                     residency programs to which the student may later want to apply. Students are encouraged
                     to speak with the Kenneth F. Burns Trust Program directors for help in selecting a
                     host institution.
                  
 
Click on the following link to see a list of ACLAM-accredited laboratory animal medicine
                     residency training programs: http://www.aclam.org/education-and-training/training-programs 
 
Click on the following link to see a list of ACVP-accredited residency programs
http://www.acvp.org/index.php/en/2014-11-07-22-03-49/training-programs 
 
Program Contacts
Program Director

Dr. David G. Baker (dbaker6@lsu.edu), Division of Laboratory Animal Medicine
                     

 
Program Assistant Directors

Dr. Rhett W. Stout (rstout1@lsu.edu), Division of Laboratory Animal Medicine
                     
Dr. Nobuko Wakamatsu (nwakam1@lsu.edu) Department of Pathobiological Sciences
                     

  
The Kenneth F. Burns Trust has funds available for the following clerkship experiences:
 
Kenneth F. Burns Summer Fellowship
Funds will provide stipends of an amount compatible with the NIH pre-doctoral stipend
                     scale (currently $5,619) for veterinary students following their 1st or 2nd years
                     of veterinary school. The Kenneth F. Burns Fellow will spend 10-11 weeks during the
                     summer at an AAALAC and/or AVMA-accredited School or College of Veterinary Medicine,
                     public or private research institution, university, or medical school. Qualifying
                     fellowships may be tailored to particular student interests and are intended to introduce
                     student participants to career opportunities in any aspect of the broad field of laboratory
                     animal science, including clinical laboratory animal medicine (clinical service and
                     administration, experimental surgery, or animal welfare and behavior); pathology (anatomic
                     or clinical); or biomedical research involving laboratory animals. Up to 10 positions
                     will be available each summer.
                  
 
Application deadline: February 1, 2017, for the summer of 2017.
 
CLICK HERE TO APPLY FOR A SUMMER FELLOWSHIP
 
Kenneth F. Burns Externship 
Funds will be used to enhance the existing veterinary curriculum by providing travel
                     awards for veterinary students in their 3rd and 4th years to travel to other AAALAC
                     and/or AVMA-accredited Schools or Colleges of Veterinary Medicine, or to public or
                     private research institutions, universities, or medical schools, for half-block or
                     full block externships in laboratory animal medicine or pathology (anatomic or clinical).
                     Up to $1,000 will be awarded for reimbursement of travel, housing, and meal expenses.
                     Students may apply for up to two awards.
                  
 
Application deadline: Applications will be accepted throughout the year. Please allow
                     at least two months for processing of the application.
                  
 
Note: This experience will not satisfy the externship requirement for obtaining a
                     veterinary license in Louisiana. The externship will be managed as a “Special Topics”
                     course, with Dr. Baker (laboratory animal medicine) or Dr. Wakamatsu (Pathology) serving
                     as course leader for the purposes of assigning a pass/fail grade.
                  
 
Click here to apply for an externship
 
Externship Opportunities
Click on the following link to see a list of institutions with externship (“preceptorship”)
                     opportunities in laboratory animal medicine
                  
http://www.aslap.org/search/preceptorships 
 
Click on the following for a list of externships in laboratory animal medicine that
                     emphasize non-human primates
                  
http://www.aslap.org/Content/files/files/Public/primateexternships.pdf 
                  
 
Click on the following link to learn more about externships in veterinary pathology
http://www.acvp.org/index.php/en/2014-11-07-22-03-49/training-programs 

 




 


LSU



















©

    Kenneth Burns | First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com












Kenneth F Burns, born 1909 - Ancestry















 



The website you are about to visit is ProGenealogists®, operated by TGN Services, LLC, a subsidiary of Ancestry.


















Try FREE for 14 days







Kenneth F Burns

                            Found 10 Records,  
10 Photos
                             and 
2,400,131 Family Trees
            

                 Born on 1909 to Alfred E Burns and Bertha M Burns. 
            



Family Members



Parents




Alfred E Burns

1876-1946







Bertha M Burns

1882-1946










Ready to discover your family story?
Simply start with yourself and we'll do the searching for you.





Your name



Last name



Age



Gender



Male



Female






Search Now



































Potential photos and documents for Kenneth F Burns
View All 10 Images







Kenneth Burns





Kenneth Burns





Everett Kenneth Burns





Crider Kenneth Dorothy Burns





Kenneth Burns





Kenneth Burns





Kenneth Burns





Kenneth John Burns





Kenneth J Burns










Top record matches for Kenneth F Burns






Surname meaning for "Burns"
Scottish and northern English: topographic name for someone who
lived by a stream or streams, from the Middle English nominative
plural or genitive singular of burn (see Bourne).





More Resources

Search for historical records
Message Board for Burns surname
Ancestry members researching "Burns"
Learn more about Ancestry









We found  record(s)
                for  
                in our database.




View records
View all our records with a 14-Day FREE Trial




Your Search returned zero good matches
Why?

            Although there may be many good matches for your ancestor in our content, we can't
            return good matches without more information.
        
What should you do?

            Add details about your ancestor - even an educated guess can increase your chances
            of getting a high-quality match.
        





What else can you do on Ancestry?




                Discover your family history in millions of family trees and more than 11 billion
                birth, marriage, death, census, and military records.
            
Search historical records





                Start a free family tree online and let us do the searching for you! You'll get
                "hints" when we find info that matches your relatives.
            
Start a FREE family tree





                    With one simple test, you can discover your unique genetic origins and find family
                    you never knew you had.
                
Get AncestryDNA



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























