




















 



 David B. Burritt Named Chief Financial Officer at United States Steel Corporation 
         










    










 






 











 









David B. Burritt Named Chief Financial Officer at United States Steel Corporation

Aug 16, 2013, 16:31 ET
		  		  					
						 from   United States Steel Corporation 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







DAVID B. BURRITT - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AT UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION EFFECTIVE SEPT. 1.  (PRNewsFoto/United States Steel Corporation)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




DAVID B. BURRITT - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AT UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION EFFECTIVE SEPT. 1.  (PRNewsFoto/United States Steel Corporation)
 


 

 




 





 


PITTSBURGH, Aug. 16, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- United States Steel Corporation (NYSE:   X) Chairman and CEO John P. Surma announced today that David B. Burritt will succeed Gretchen R. Haggerty as executive vice president and chief financial officer.  Burritt, who served as chief financial officer and vice president of global finance and strategic services for Caterpillar Inc. from 2004 to 2010, will report directly to Mario Longhi effective Sept. 1.  Haggerty will retire effective Aug. 31.    
(Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130816/NE65458 )
Burritt will provide leadership for all aspects of the company's financial matters, including internal and external reporting, credit, tax and treasury services, investor relations, internal controls, internal audit administrative oversight, and the United States Steel and Carnegie Pension Fund, the trustee for the pension and other benefit plans of United States Steel Corporation.  
Commenting on Burritt's appointment, Surma said, "Dave joins our company as an extremely seasoned and highly regarded financial executive with strong leadership capabilities, a reputation for delivering results in complex and dynamic business and economic environments, and shares with us a commitment to leading with ethics and integrity."  
"I am delighted to welcome Dave to the executive leadership team of U. S. Steel," said Longhi.  "His strong financial and strategic expertise, astute leadership skills, and a demonstrated track record as a transformational business leader in operationally intensive businesses will serve us well.  Dave's immediate focus will be to work closely with our senior executives and me as we return to sustainable profitability and improve shareholder value through a renewed focus on operational excellence, product innovation to support our customer needs, and a high-performing organization with the capability to deliver on our expectations."  
Until June 2010 Burritt, 58, served as chief financial officer at Caterpillar Inc., the world's leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives.  In his CFO role, he was not only the principal financial officer with responsibility for global finance and related services, but also had responsibility for strategic support including business risk management, business development, revenue management, business economics, competitive analysis, and mergers and acquisitions.  
During more than 32 years with Caterpillar, Burritt helped lead several important transformations and employee development initiatives at the company, including his role as business measurements manager to support Caterpillar's 1990 reorganization into accountable business units, as well as his role as corporate champion for the 2001 company-wide Six Sigma deployment.  More recently, he provided leadership that helped Caterpillar effectively navigate the global recession and related recovery.  
Prior to joining Caterpillar in 1978 Burritt was a staff auditor at Price Waterhouse in the Peoria, Ill. office.  
Burritt currently serves on the board of directors for Lockheed Martin (NYSE:   LMT) and Global Brass and Copper (NYSE:   BRSS).  He is a certified public accountant and a certified management accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Institute of Management Accountants.  
A native of Morton, Ill., Burritt earned a bachelor's degree in accounting in 1977 from Bradley University in Peoria, Ill., and received a master's degree in business administration from the University of Illinois in Champaign in 1990.  He and his wife, Lynn, will reside in Pittsburgh.  
For more information about U. S. Steel, visit www.ussteel.com.
 SOURCE  United States Steel Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.ussteel.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Aug 16, 2013, 16:32 ET
Preview: U. S. Steel General Counsel and Senior Vice President - Corporate Affairs James D. Garraux To Retire













Aug 16, 2013, 16:30 ET
Preview: U. S. Steel President Mario Longhi To Become CEO; John P. Surma Becomes Executive Chairman






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jun 01, 2017, 08:45 ET
U. S. Steel And Bedrock Industries Finalize Restructuring And...








Jun 01, 2017, 08:45 ET
U. S. Steel Conference Call Available On Company Website








Jun 01, 2017, 08:45 ET
U. S. Steel Announces New Roles For Three Executive Leaders











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








David B. Burritt - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















David B. Burritt
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director at United States Steel Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you David B. Burritt? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David B. Burritt's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in David B. Burritt's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David B. Burritt's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David B. Burritt through your network of contacts.
												








David B. Burritt's Executive Work History


Current


President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, 
United States Steel Corporation


Board Member, 
Lockheed Martin Corporation


Past
To view David B. Burritt's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
61

 
 


David B. Burritt's Biography



President and Chief Operating Officer of United States Steel Corporation since March 2017. Previously, Mr. Burritt was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United States Steel Corporation from September 2013 to February 2017; Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Inc. from December 2004 to June 2010; Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Caterpillar Inc. from 2002 to 2004; held various positions of increasing responsibility at Caterpillar Inc. in finance, tax, accounting and international operations from 1978 to 2002. Mr. Burritt formerly served as a director of Aperam from December 2010 t ...
(Read More)

			President and Chief Operating Officer of United States Steel Corporation since March 2017. Previously, Mr. Burritt was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of United States Steel Corporation from September 2013 to February 2017; Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Inc. from December 2004 to June 2010; Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Caterpillar Inc. from 2002 to 2004; held various positions of increasing responsibility at Caterpillar Inc. in finance, tax, accounting and international operations from 1978 to 2002. Mr. Burritt formerly served as a director of Aperam from December 2010 to May 2013 and Global Brass & Copper Holdings, Inc. from 2011 until June 2014.
		
Source: Lockheed Martin Corporation on 02/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view David B. Burritt's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like David B. Burritt. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in David B. Burritt's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in David B. Burritt's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with David B. Burritt through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: David B. Burritt


















David B. Burritt's Connections (154)





Sign up now to view David B. Burritt's 154 connections »









Douglas H. McCorkindale
Former Retired Chairman, TEGNA Inc.









John J. Engel
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, WESCO International, Inc.









John P. Surma
Board Member, Marathon Petroleum Corporation









William A. Osborn
Board Member, Caterpillar Inc.









Joanne M. Maguire
Board Member, CommScope Holding Company, Inc.









John T. Dillon
Board Member, Kellogg Company









Robert A. McDonald
Former Advisor and Former Chief Executive Officer, The Procter & Gamble Company









Orlando D. Carvalho
Executive Vice President, Aeronautics, Lockheed Martin Corporation









Arthur E. Johnson
Board Member, Eaton Corporation plc









Gerard R. Vittecoq
Board Member, Best Buy Co., Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Robert D. Perlmutter
Senior EVP and COO, The Macerich Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























 


David B. Burritt, VP, CFO, Caterpillar Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of David Burritt 





 


David Burritt

 

VP, CFO - Caterpillar Inc.

 


David Burritt Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Caterpillar Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.cat.com 

 

Company Address : 
100 NE Adams St., Peoria, IL,United States, 


 


David Burritt Profile :
VP, CFO - Caterpillar Inc. 

 


David Burritt Biography :


Burritt joined Caterpillar in 1978 as an accountant. He has served in many accounting, tax and financial reporting roles, including business manager for Cat Belgium and general manager of Strategic and Business Services for Europe, Africa and the Middle East. He was named corporate controller in late 2002 and introduced the company's transparent financial reporting initiative - a key component of Caterpillar's Sarbanes-Oxley compliance that aligns Caterpillar's internal and external reporting processes.Burritt has a bachelor's degree in Accounting from Bradley University. He earned a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Illinois in 1990. He also completed the Stanford University Executive Program in 1998 and the Aspen Institute's Executive Program in 2005. Burritt is a Certified Public Accountant and member of the American Institute of CPAs. He is also a Certified Management Accountant and member of the Institute of Management Accountants. He serves as a member of the Corporate Executive Board's Working Council for CFOs and the Conference Board Council of CFOs. 

 


David Burritt Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Kent Adams 
VP 
Please login 


Paolo Fellin 
VP - Distribution Services Division 
Please login 


Mary Bell 
VP - Building Construction Products Division 
Please login 


Edward Rapp 
Group Pres. 
Please login 


Michael Baunton 
VP - Europe, Africa, Middle East, Operations Division 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.












Method of managing a project - BURRITT DAVID B.





















































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Method of managing a project                





                United States Patent Application 20040059588            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            The present disclosure is associated with a method of managing a process associated with continuous improvement. In one embodiment, the method includes the steps of establishing multiple processes of an organization, evaluating a risk to the processes due to the project, and managing the project in response to the evaluation.        















Inventors:

                            Burritt, David B. (Morton, IL, US)                
                            Smith, Stacy E. (Washington, IL, US)                
                            Weingart, Phillip A. (Metamora, IL, US)                
                            Zimmerman, Martha J. (Avon, IL, US)                




Application Number:

            10/264579        



Publication Date:

            03/25/2004        



Filing Date:

            10/04/2002        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            BURRITT DAVID B.                
                            SMITH STACY E.                
                            WEINGART PHILLIP A.                
                            ZIMMERMAN MARTHA J.                




Primary Class:

705/500 



Other Classes:

                                    705/7.12,                                    705/7.28,                                    705/301                            



International Classes:

G06Q10/06; G06Q10/10; (IPC1-7): G06F17/60        





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20040059588                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20050131740Management tool for health care provider servicesJune, 2005Massenzio et al.20080133314DETERMINING ADVERTISEMENT PLACEMENT ON SEARCH RESULTS PAGE TO IMPROVE REVENUE GENERATIONJune, 2008Chiu20080177655SYSTEMS AND METHODS OF UNDERWRITING BUSINESS CREDITJuly, 2008Zalik20050137923Using operational information in strategic decision makingJune, 2005Mosbrucker20080021769System and method to measure effectiveness of business learningJanuary, 2008Higgins et al.20070050308Method, means and a computer program product for setting ratingMarch, 2007Latvala et al.20100100423Picture your prize / bodagle marketing methodApril, 2010Zima20040249759Content using apparatusDecember, 2004Higashi et al.20090254457Video based product setup instructions via web services applicationsOctober, 2009Folsom20060116893Apparatus and method of collecting and monitoring shipment dataJune, 2006Carnes et al.20090276276Method For Analyzing Maintenance Operations And Assessing The Readiness Of Repairable SystemsNovember, 2009Black et al. 













Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            100 N.E. ADAMS STREET,CATERPILLAR INC. (PATENT DEPT., PEORIA, IL, 616296490)                





Claims:

What is claimed is: 
                1. A method a managing a project associated with process improvement, comprising the steps of: establishing a plurality of processes of an organization; evaluating a risk to said processes due to said project; and managing said project in response to said evaluation.                    
                    2. A method, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the step of establishing said risk further includes the step of establishing an impact of said project on said processes.                    
                    3. A method, as set forth in claim 2, wherein the step of establishing said impact further comprises the steps of: establishing a composite impact on said processes; and establishing said impact in response to said composite impact.                    
                    4. A method, as set forth in claim 2, wherein the step of establishing said impact further comprises the steps of: selecting a portion of said processes; and establishing said impact in response to said selected portion of said processes.                    
                    5. A method, as set forth in claim 4, wherein said selected portion of said processes are identified as being impacted the most by said project.                    
                    6. A method, as set forth in claim 5, wherein said project is a 6 Sigma project.                    
                    7. A method, as set forth in claim 4, further comprising the steps of: establishing a composite impact of said selected portion; and establishing said impact in response to said composite impact.                    
                    8. A method, as set forth in claim 7, further comprising the step of classifying said impact as one of a plurality of impact types, in response to said composite impact.                    
                    9. A method, as set forth in claim 7, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the steps of: determining whether to begin said project in response to said established business risk.                    
                    10. A method, as set forth in claim 7, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the steps of modifying said project in response to said established business risk.                    
                    11. A method, as set forth in claim 7, wherein said establishment of said business risk occurs prior to a beginning of said project.                    
                    12. A method, as set forth in claim 11, further comprising the step of re-evaluating said established business risk during said project.                    
                    13. A method, as set forth in claim 7, wherein said establishment of said business risk occurs during said project.                    
                    14. A method, as set forth in claim 7, wherein said project is a 6 Sigma project.                    
                    15. A method, as set forth in claim 14, wherein said business risk is established during at least one of a define phase, a measure phase, an analyze phase, an improve phase, and a control phase of said 6 Sigma project.                    
                    16. A method, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the step of: selecting a project team member in response to said risk evaluation.                    
                    17. A method, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the step of: identifying a subject matter expert in response to said risk evaluation.                    
                    18. A method, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the step of: determining a frequency of additional risk evaluations in response to said risk evaluation.                    
                    19. A method, as set forth in claim 1, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the step of: establishing a level of integration with a process improvement method, in response to said risk evaluation.                    
                    20. A method of managing a project associated with process improvement, comprising the steps of: establishing a plurality of customer requirements; establishing a plurality of business objectives; establishing a business risk associated with said project; and managing said project in response to said customer requirements, said business objectives, and said business risk.                    
                    21. A method, as set forth in claim 20, wherein the step of establishing a business risk further comprises the steps of: establishing a plurality of key business activities; establishing an impact of said project on said key business activities; and establishing said business risk in response to said impact.                    
                    22. A method, as set forth in claim 21, wherein the step of establishing said impact further comprises the steps of: establishing a composite impact of said key business activities; and establishing said impact in response to said composite impact.                    
                    23. A method, as set forth in claim 21, wherein the step of establishing said impact further comprises the steps of: selecting a portion of said key business activities; and establishing said impact in response to said selected portion of said key business activities.                    
                    24. A method, as set forth in claim 20, wherein said selected portion of said key business activities are identified as having the most significant impact on said project.                    
                    25. A method, as set forth in claim 24, wherein said project is a 6 Sigma project.                    
                    26. A method, as set forth in claim 23, further comprising the steps of: establishing a composite impact of said selected portion; and establishing said impact in response to said composite impact.                    
                    27. A method, as set forth in claim 26, further comprising the step of classifying said impact as one of a plurality of impact types, in response to said composite impact.                    
                    28. A method, as set forth in claim 26, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the steps of: determining whether to begin said project in response to said established business risk.                    
                    29. A method, as set forth in claim 26, wherein the step of managing said project further comprises the steps of modifying said project in response to said established business risk.                    
                    30. A method, as set forth in claim 29, wherein said establishment of said business risk occurs prior to a beginning of said project.                    
                    31. A method, as set forth in claim 30, further comprising the step of re-evaluating said established business risk during said project.                    
                    32. A method, as set forth in claim 26, wherein said establishment of said business risk occurs during said project.                    
                    33. A method, as set forth in claim 26, wherein said project is a 6 Sigma project.                    
                    34. A method, as set forth in claim 33, wherein said business risk is established during at least one of a define phase, a measure phase, an analyze phase, an improve phase, and a control phase of said 6 Sigma project.                    




Description:

[0001] This application claims the benefit of prior provisional patent application serial No. 60/412,104 filed Sep. 19, 2002.TECHNICAL FIELD [0002] The present invention relates generally to a method of managing a project, and more particularly to a method of managing a project associated with process improvement. BACKGROUND [0003] Many corporations are implementing continuous improvement programs in an effort to improve the processes of the corporation. These process improvements are intended to ultimately help achieve the corporate objectives and goals. By their very nature, the processes that are implemented under these programs introduce change to the corporation. Process change within a corporation may also introduce risk into the corporation. While not all risk is inherently bad, assuming risk without understanding the significance of the risk, or being aware of the presence of the risk at all may lead to poor business decisions. That is, the processes introduced to help achieve corporate goals, may be the very processes that prevent the accomplishment of the goals, if the associated risks are not understood. [0004] In addition, some corporations adopt a continuous improvement technique throughout the company on a whole scale basis, i.e., as a company wide initiative. This leads to concurrent improvement teams, and a significant cultural shift in the company. These changes in culture, and inherent changes in processes lead to the introduction of risk that may not have been previously present. Again, if a company is unaware of these risks, or their significance, then the desired improvements may not be realized. [0005] The present invention is directed to overcome one or more of the problems set forth above. SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION [0006] In one aspect of the present invention, a method of managing a project associated with process improvement is disclosed. The method includes the steps of establishing a plurality of processes of an organization, evaluating a risk to the processes due to the project; and managing the project in response to the evaluation. [0007] In another aspect of the present invention, a method of managing a project associated with process improvement is disclosed. The method includes the steps of establishing a plurality of customer requirements, establishing a plurality of business objectives, establishing a business risk associated with the project, and managing the project in response to the customer requirements, the business objectives, and the business risk.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS [0008] FIG. 1 is an illustration of one embodiment of a method of managing a project associated with process improvement; and [0009] FIG. 2 is an illustration of one embodiment of a risk map.DETAILED DESCRIPTION [0010] The present disclosure is associated with a method of managing a project associated with process improvement. There are many types of process improvement methods, such as continuous quality improvement, business process re-engineering, value based management, total quality improvement (or management), and 6 Sigma. An organization may determine to perform one or more projects utilizing one of the above process improvement methods, in an effort to enhance their ability to achieve their business objectives/goals. An organization may be described as a business, entity, corporation, company, or portion thereof, e.g., department etc. The project to be managed may be a new process being proposed, a new process slated for implementation, or an existing process being reviewed for modification. [0011] FIG. 1 illustrates one embodiment of a method of managing a project associated with process improvement. In a first control block 102 the processes of an organization are established. The processes may be general processes, or the key processes or key business activities of the organization. Key processes are major business processes and activities that the organization undertakes to ensure achievement of the organization's objectives. Examples of key processes (or key business activities) include: social responsibility, corporate governance, strategic business planning, product and/or service development, sales capability/customer relationship management, order fulfillment, product and service support, information management, financial products, accounting and reporting, human resources, and treasury. Key processes may vary from one organization to another. The key processes of the organization may have been previously established. For example, the key processes of a company may be established by top managers of a company and passed downward to other process layers and/or functional areas (e.g. departments) within the company. Alternatively the key processes may be established by the department managing the project, independent of key processes in other departments. In one embodiment, the key processes identified at an upper tier of an organization may be passed down and used as a baseline for key processes of the lower tier. The baseline key processes may then be customized by the lower tier, to reflect the goals/objectives of the lower tier. The customized processes may include sub-processes or inter-related processes of the key process. [0012] In a second control block 104, the risks to the established processes due to the project, are evaluated. When a new project is created, or an existing project is modified, there is a change in the environment the project is established in. There are risks associated with this project regarding how the change will affect the organization's other processes, such as the key processes. In addition, there may be other processes which support, or relate to a particular key process (e.g., a sub-process or an inter-related process), and that are affected by the proposed project. Therefore, the risk to the established processes, such as the key process, and/or associated sub-processes and inter-related processes, may be evaluated in light of the project. Sub-processes and inter-related processes may also be referred to as supporting processes. A risk evaluation may include the identification of risk associated with a process (e.g., a key process and/or supporting process), and the assessment of risk associated with a process due to the proposed project. Risk identification is the process of identifying the risk associated with a process due to the project. The specific risk identification process used is implementation dependent and will be discussed below. [0013] A risk assessment may include establishing a risk value (or score) indicative of the assessed risk to the key processes or associated supporting processes due to the project. For example, a value range may be established between 0 and 10, with 0 being indicative of the most risk, and 10 being indicative of the least risk. If the project will introduce unacceptable risk in the key process, or one or more of the supporting processes, then it may be assigned a value of 0. If the project will have a significant impact on the key process, or most of the supporting processes, it may be assigned a value of 1. If the project will have a moderate impact on some of the key process, or one or more supporting processes, then it may be assigned a value of 3. If the risks resulting from the project will have no or little impact on the key processes, or the supporting processes, then the value may be 10. The assignment of the risk values may be made by the project participants. In one embodiment, the participants make an estimate of the risk value. The value estimate may be performed without a specific risk identification process. That is, the risk value estimate may be an estimate of a perceived risk. In another embodiment, the project participants may vote on the significance of the risk and likelihood of the risk to occur. The voting may result in values (e.g., 1-10) being assigned to the significance and likelihood of the risk, as illustrated in FIG. 2 (an illustration of a risk map). From these values, a risk value may be established. For example, a risk value may be a weighted combination of the significance and likelihood of the risk. [0014] In one embodiment, the risk value may be determined based on an inherent risk value and a residual risk value. An inherent risk value is an assessment of the risk associated with the key business process without considering existing activities or processes to minimize or mitigate the risk. The residual risk is the exposure to uncertainty remaining after considering current risk management activities or processes intended to mitigate or minimize the risk. The inherent risk value and residual risk value may be established by the project participants and/or through a self-assessment performed by the organization engaged in the project. A self-assessment is a process where the organization performs a risk review to identify and assess the risk associated with a process. There may be an inherent risk and residual risk associated with each of the key processes, and/or the associated supporting processes. The inherent and residual values may be based on the significance and likelihood of the risk. The inherent risk value and residual risk value may then be compared to determine an assessed risk to each of the key processes of the organization due to the project, and therefore, the assessed risk to the organization due to the project. For example, using a scale of 1-10 with 1 being low risk and 10 being high risk: if a risk associated with a key process has an inherent risk of 10, and a residual risk of 9, the assessed risk may be high (there is a large inherent risk associated with the key business activity and there is very little done, or done effectively, to mitigate the risk, therefore there is a high risk). If the inherent risk is 10 and the residual risk is 3, the assessed risk may be low (there is a large inherent risk associated with the key business activity, but the organization is effective at managing the risk, therefore the assessed risk is low). The inherent, residual, or assessed risk may form the basis for the risk values of the key processes impacted by the project. [0015] In one embodiment, a risk value is associated with each of the established processes, e.g., key processes or associated sub-processes, or interrelated processes. Then a composite risk of the project on the key processes may be established in response to the risk values. The composite risk value may be established by adding each of the risk values together. The composite risk may then be used, in part, to manage the project, as will be discussed. [0016] In one embodiment, a subset of the established processes is used to establish a composite value. The processes most impacted by the project may be identified, and the associated risk values used to determine the composite risk of the project. For example, a risk value may be established for each key process, or sub-process and/or inter-related process. Then the lowest four risk values, for example, may be used to establish the composite risk value. [0017] In one embodiment, the risk assessment may be performed by utilizing multiple composite scores. That is, a composite score may be established using the risk values of the established processes most impacted by the project, as described above. In addition, a composite score may be established using the risk values of all of the established processes, as described above. Using both composite scores enables the assessment to identify if there are processes that will be significantly impacted by the project, and the overall risk to the process from the project. [0018] In one embodiment, as mentioned above, the key processes may have associated sub-processes or inter-related processes. The supporting processes may be assessed with respect to risk. For example, a risk value may be determined and associated with each supporting process. The risk values of the supporting processes may be utilized to establish a composite value associated with the key process. The composite value of the supporting processes may be established in one of the embodiments described above. The risk value of the key process may be established, at least in part, based upon the composite risk value of the supporting processes. [0019] In a third control block 106, once the project risk has been evaluated, the project may be managed in response to the evaluation. Project management may include using the evaluation to perform project selection, team selection for the project, determine the frequency of risk evaluations, and/or establish the level of integration with the continuous improvement process. [0020] The risk values determined during the assessment may be used to guide project management. As discussed, the risk values associated with the processes may be added together to establish the composite value. In one embodiment, a composite value indicating a high risk, i.e., that the project may have a significant impact (and/or likelihood of occurring) on the processes, may be used to determine that the project should either not be implemented, or should utilize extensive risk management techniques throughout all steps of the project development, implementation, deployment, and monitoring, in order to manage the risk. A moderate composite risk value indicates that the project has a moderate impact on the processes, and therefore should utilize risk management during the initial steps of the project such as identification of customer requirements, and at specified checkpoints throughout the project. A composite value indicating a low risk, i.e., the project has a minimal impact on the processes, may be used to determine that the project should utilize risk management during identification of the critical customer requirements and review of the process decision. [0021] Project management may include deciding whether to begin the project. Therefore, if the project has not begun, the risk assessment may be used to determine whether the project should proceed. If the risk assessment indicates that this project introduces too much risk to other processes, (e.g., based on the composite value) the project may be terminated before it is begun. Alternatively, aspects of the project may be identified through the risk evaluation, which if modified, would reduce the risk to existing processes. [0022] The project may be managed by using the results of the risk assessment to select team members for the project, or to select a review team. For example, if there is a high risk of a process due to the proposed project, a subject matter expert associated with the effected process may be identified and consulted with. The subject matter expert may become part of the project team or part of a review team. The activities of the subject matter expert may include a further assessment of the risk to the effected process, to verify the initial risk assessment if there was one. In addition, the subject matter expert may identify potential risk mitigation processes. The subject matter expert may be involved throughout the phases of the proposed project to continue to assess the risk to the effected process and identify and assess potential mitigation activities. [0023] Managing a project may include determining the timing/frequency of the risk evaluations. That is, the timing of the risk evaluation may vary. A risk assessment may be performed prior to beginning a project. In addition, subsequent risk assessments may be performed throughout the development, implementation, and deployment of a project. In one embodiment, the frequency of the risk assessments may be determined in response to the composite value of one or more assessments. For example, a decision to perform less frequent risk assessments may be made in response to the initial risk assessment indicating there is a low risk associated with the proposed project. If the first risk assessment indicates that there is a high risk to existing processes based on the project, then there may be a determination to perform risk assessments throughout the life of the project in an effort to monitor, control and mitigate the impact of the project on existing processes. If subsequent composite risk values indicate the risk is not as significant as previously assessed, then the frequency of the risk assessments may be reduced. In addition, if subsequent composite risk values indicate the risk is more significant than previously assessed, then the frequency of the risk assessments may be increased, and/or additional risk mitigation processes pursued. [0024] The risk evaluation may be used to determine to what extent mitigation processes need to be pursued. In one embodiment, a composite risk value indicating a high risk may be used to determine that additional efforts should be made to mitigate the risk. For example, a review of possible processes that may be used to mitigate the risk of the project (and in particular the risk to the process due to the project) may be reviewed. One or more mitigation processes may be selected for implementation, in order to reduce the residual risk of the project. For example, one mitigation process may be the procurement of insurance (if available). The degree of risk introduced may help determine the amount of insurance purchased. [0025] Risk assessments may be performed on projects that are already underway, e.g., that are being deployed. The purpose is to identify risk as soon as possible, even if the project is underway, or completed, in an effort to reduce the impact to the organization (e.g., increase the likelihood of success of the project etc.) [0026] The project may be managed by using the risk evaluation to manage the level of integration there is between risk management and the continuous improvement process. For example, the higher the risk, the more frequently the risk evaluations may be performed during project implementation. Therefore, an integrated method of managing a project associated with process improvement may include the steps of establishing a plurality of customer requirements, establishing a plurality of business objectives, establishing a business risk associated with the project, and managing said project in response to the customer requirements, the business objectives, and the business risk. [0027] Once a project has been selected for evaluation and/or implementation (e.g., a recognized need exists, and the project proposes to identify and implement a solution to the need), the customer requirements associated with the project may be established. The customer requirements may include performance standards and requirement statements. In one embodiment, customer requirements are obtained by identifying a problem to be solved (the need). Then the customer associated with the problem may be identified. Coordination with the customer then leads to the identification of customer criteria (or requirements). Customer coordination may include an interview with the customer(s) to determine whether current processes meet the customer requirements. If the current processes don't meet customer requirements, then a determination is made as to where they fall short. Other forms of customer coordination include surveys and small group meetings. The particular technique used to gather customer requirements is implementation dependent. The customer requirements may be prioritized and evaluated with regard to a business strategy. [0028] The business objectives associated with the project may be established. In one embodiment the business objectives may be established by correlating the key business activities, or processes, of the organization with the particular project. That is, the key processes that are affected by the project being considered (or problem being considered) may be determined. These identified key processes may be considered the business objectives of the project. In addition, coordination with the customer may further establish the business objectives. The customers may be associated with different processes/functions of the organization. Therefore, the customers may have additional business objectives associated with the project, or provide additional information on how the project impacts other key processes. [0029] The business risk associated with the project may be established. The business risk may be established as described above during the risk evaluation. For example, the risk may be established based upon establishing a risk value associated with the processes impacted by the proposed project, and developing a composite risk value in response to the risk values. [0030] The project may then be managed in response to the customer requirements, business objectives, and business risk associated with the project. As mentioned, the project may be managed by determining how often to perform risk evaluations. In addition, the risk evaluation (e.g., composite values) may be used to determine what, if any controls or risk management processes should be put into place. A high risk may indicate that significant effort should be placed in identifying, assessing, and implementing risk mitigation processes. [0031] Project management may include assessing the risk/benefit of a project or proposed mitigation process and managing it accordingly. The risk and benefit of the project may be balanced. That is, an assessment of whether the cost (risk) of the project, or associated mitigation process, is worth the potential benefit. In addition, the risk/benefit analysis may provide guidance on which risk mitigation processes should be implemented. If multiple risk mitigation processes are available, they may each be reviewed to determine the associated cost and benefit. Therefore, an informed decision may be made regarding which risk mitigation process(es) should be implemented. For example, if the risk of the project is that $100,000 will be lost in inventory, the risk mitigation process to reduce the risk of lost inventory should not itself cost $2,000,000 to implement. [0032] In addition, as mentioned, managing the risk may include using the assessed risk to determine how frequently to perform a risk review (e.g., how thoroughly to integrate risk management with the continuous improvement process). For example, if the continuous improvement process associated with the process is 6 Sigma, then the project may be managed by integrating the risk management process into one or more phases of the DMAIC (define, measure, analyze, improve, and control) process or the DMEDI (define, measure, explore, develop, and implement) process. [0033] The define phase of the DMAIC process includes defining the customers and their requirements, and mapping the process to be improved. During the define phase, risk management issues (such as the commitment to assess and manage risk) may be included in the problem statement and accounted for in the process mapping. [0034] The risk evaluation process may also be utilized during the measure, analyze, improve and control phases of the DMAIC process. The measure phase includes the identification of existing process and performance standards, the collection of data on the process, determination of the process's baseline performance, and setting the improvement goal for the project. In one embodiment, a risk identification and assessment may be performed during the measure phase to understand what risk may be associated with the current process and what is the significance and likelihood of the risk, the inherent risk and residual risk of the process. This may be viewed as a baseline risk assessment. The manner in which a baseline risk assessment may be used is discussed below. [0035] The analyze phase of the DMAIC process includes the identification of key sources of variation associated with the current and proposed processes, by analyzing the data and processes. In addition, the financial opportunity of the process may be quantified. The baseline risk assessment established during the measure phase, may be used as potential solutions are posed, in order to compare the risk of the current process, with the risk of the proposed project/process. An increased risk associated with a proposed process is not inherently bad, if there are appropriate risk mitigation processes available, or if the benefit associated with the proposed process warrants the risk. However, having the baseline risk assessment enables these considerations to be analyzed and accounted for. [0036] The improve phase of the DMAIC process includes the generation and testing of possible solutions, leading to the selection of the best solution (e.g., process modification or creation) to address important sources of variation. In addition, the required resources are identified, and the implementation plans are developed. Performing risk evaluation during this phase enables the identification and assessment of risk associated with the new process or the update of the risk assessment if it was performed earlier. This evaluation enables an assessment of the risk of the possible solutions, and a comparison of the risk with each other and with the baseline risk assessment. Therefore, there is an understanding of what the risks are, what the significance and likelihood of the risks are, and how the risks may be managed with regard to the potential solutions, and the solution ultimately selected. In addition, the risk assessment enables plans to be generated on how to further manage the risks. [0037] The control phase includes implementing the proposed project or project improvement and implementing a plan for sustaining the improvement. Risk management assessments may be used during this phase to monitor the risk associated with the new process. The risk assessment may be performed to see if the risks were expanding and contracting. The assessment will enable the assessment of risk mitigation processes. For example, if one mitigation process is turning out to be ineffective, an alternative mitigation process may be pursued. In addition, risk may be greater than anticipated in some areas, thereby warranting additional mitigation processes, etc. Analogous risk management activities may be used with the DMEDI (define, measure, explore, develop, and implement) phases of 6 Sigma. [0038] As mentioned, the risk evaluation may include the process of risk identification. The process of identifying risk may be performed in several ways. In one embodiment, risk identification involves the team associated with the project using their judgment to determine which key processes may be impacted by the project, and then determining an associated risk value for each of the key processes during the risk assessment. Alternatively, the team may identify the potential for the project to effect a key process, sub-process, or inter-related process, and then identify a subject matter expert associated with the effected process. The subject matter expert may then perform a further review and establish a risk value. [0039] In one embodiment, risk identification may be performed by comparing the proposed process/project with previously reviewed processes. For example, a repository of processes/projects associated with risk evaluations, may be maintained. Therefore, the currently proposed project may be compared with the repository to determine if there have been any similar/analogous projects/processes evaluated (or reviewed). If there have been, then the risk identified with the reviewed process may be considered to determine if they are also risks for the proposed process. In this manner, previous risk evaluations may be used to provide guidance on what risk may be applicable to the proposed process, what key processes, sub-process, or inter-related processes may be effected by the risk and to what degree (e.g., significance and likelihood), and what are potential mitigation processes. While risk evaluations, including the risk, process impact, and mitigation processes of a project, vary from one proposed project to another, the findings of the risk evaluations may be applicable for similar/analogous processes/projects, and therefore beneficial to review. [0040] In one embodiment, the repository of process reviews may be maintained in a project tracking (or cataloguing) system. A tracking system may contain all of the continuous improvement projects, regardless of the stage of the project. The tracking system may enable the categorizing of projects by key process areas. For example, a project associated with inventory management may be located under a category of order fulfillment. Cataloguing projects by key processes may enhance the ability to quickly identify analogous projects and leverage the risk evaluations performed for the analogous projects. In addition, using key processes to catalogue continuous improvement projects creates a common, unifying framework for the company. That is, the key processes have been identified that relate directly to the organization's business objectives and goals. Using these key processes to catalogue continuous improvement projects helps ensure that proposed projects are directed towards the areas the organization has deemed key for success. Therefore, if resources are limited, the activities may be focused in the areas deemed most important. In addition, the manager of the continuous improvement process may be on an organization's risk management committee (or vice versa) to further ensure the integration of risk management and continuous improvement projects. In one embodiment, the project tracking system may be searched based on one or more of: project, key process, risk (or risk type), and mitigation processes. [0041] In one embodiment, the risk identification process may include a formal risk identification phase. For example, a risk management team may engage in interviews with the identified participants of the organization to identify the risk. The interviews are conducted to identify the risk that may be associated with the project being reviewed. For example, risks which cause variability in the processes associated with the project may be identified. In one embodiment, only one individual is met with at a time. In this manner an individual's opinions regarding the risk associated with the process may be more forthcoming. In addition, the interview results associated with the individual are recorded anonymously, again to encourage more forthcoming responses. In one embodiment, interview comments are correlated with risk types, during, or immediately following the interview, to facilitate rapid identification of applicable risks. Risk types are baseline types of risks that may impact the company and/or the organization. Generally, only a subset of the risk types will be applicable to any particular process. The applicable risk types are determined on a process by process basis. In one embodiment, the baseline risk types may be determined by an upper tier of the company, and passed downwards. In one embodiment, if the baseline list of risks is not comprehensive, risks other than the baseline risk types may be identified as potentially applicable to the process. Therefore the interview comments may be correlated with the risk types during the interview to facilitate rapid identification of applicable risks. While the interview format is implementation dependent, the interview may begin with an initial discussion of the project (or process) and the interviewee's role in the project. The initial discussions may be followed by detailed questions regarding the risk the individual believes to be associated with the project, why the individual believes these to be risk associated with the project, what the significance of the risk is, what priority the individual assesses to the risk, and other types of follow-up questions. In one embodiment, the root cause (perceived or otherwise) of the risk may be discussed. That is, issues such as why the risk exists, what causes the risk to exist, what factors contribute to changes in the risk, etc., may be discussed. In one embodiment, the interviewer may also identify any known processes that may be used to mitigate the identified risk, the effectiveness of the mitigation processes, and the maturity of the mitigation processes. [0042] Other aspects, objects, and advantages of the present invention can be obtained from a study of the drawings, the disclosure, and the claims. INDUSTRIAL APPLICABILITY [0043] The present disclosure is associated with a method of managing a process associated with continuous improvement. In one embodiment, the method includes the steps of establishing multiple processes of an organization, evaluating a risk to the processes due to the project, and managing the project in response to the evaluation. An example of a proposed project may include a new purchasing system associated with inventory management. In one embodiment the project may have begun by identifying a problem associated with the purchasing process. For example, payments associated with invoices are repeatedly late, payment amounts are in error, and sometimes go to the wrong company. Therefore, there is a need to improve the purchasing process. The proposed purchasing system may be one of the results of the investigation into the need to improve the purchasing process (e.g., the identification of customer requirements and associated business objectives). [0044] The process (e.g., key or supporting process) of the organization may be established. For the sake of this example, assume an upper tier of the organization has established the key processes and distributed them throughout the company. The key processes established may include: social responsibility, corporate governance, strategic business planning, product and/or service development, sales capability/customer relationship management, order fulfillment, product and service support, information management, financial products, accounting and reporting, human resources, and treasury. [0045] The risk associated with the key processes due to the proposed project may be evaluated. For example, a risk value may be established to reflect the risk of the project to the process. The risk values may range from 0-10, with 0 being indicative of the most risk, and 10 being indicative of the least risk. The evaluation may result in the following assessment:  
1Process ImpactProcess(Risk Value)1)Social responsibility92)Corporate governance93)Strategic business planning94)Product and/or service development4(An ineffective purchasing process may impactthe selling of inventory management services)5)Sales capability/customer relationship management36)Order fulfillment1(Purchasing is a significant aspect of orderfulfillment)(An ineffective purchasing process willsignificantly impact customer relationships)7)Product and service support48)Information management99)Financial products910)Accounting and reporting3(Inadequate record keeping will adverselyimpact accounting and reporting)11)Human resources912)Treasury1(Late payments and finance charges impact cash)
[0046] Adding the risk values together results in an overall composite value of 70 (out of 120), with an average risk value of 5.8. The overall composite score indicates that the proposed process will have some impact on some of the processes. Therefore, additional risk management steps should be implemented (e.g., have additional risk assessments at the beginning and ending phase of the DMEDI/DMAIC process). However, the focused composite value (as determined by adding the four lowest risk values together) is 8, with an average risk value of 2. Based on a composite threshold of 0-12 indicating high risk, 13-24 indicating moderate risk, and 24-36 indicating low risk, this particular proposed project poses a high risk to the key processes, or at least a significant portion of them. Therefore, despite the moderate to low risk indicated by the overall composite value, the process should be deemed to pose high risk based on the focused composite value. Accordingly several actions may be taken to manage the project. These actions may be done concurrently or sequentially. In one embodiment, a decision regarding whether to proceed any further with the project may be made. It may be determined that the assessed risk is larger than desired, and therefore the project will not proceed. The assessed risk may be based on the focused composite value, average focused risk values, the overall composite values, the overall risk values, or some combination thereof. A risk/benefit analysis may be performed to assist in determining whether to proceed. For example, a detailed analysis of the risk to Sales Capability/Customer Relationship Management, Order Fulfillment, Product and Service Support, Accounting and Reporting and Treasury may be performed (if it hasn't been already), along with a detailed analysis of the benefits of the proposed process. Then a risk/benefit analysis may be performed to determine the acceptable amount of risk to be assumed, in light of the associated benefits. If the benefits of the proposed purchasing system do not offset the assessed risk or cost, then the project may be cancelled. [0047] Subject matter experts may be identified in each of the areas perceived to be significantly impacted (e.g., Sales Capability/Customer Relationship Management, Order Fulfillment, Accounting and Reporting, and Treasury). These subject matter experts may be included on the team (if they haven't been already), or may simply perform an oversight/consulting role for the team. The subject matter expert may perform a more in-depth assessment of the risk to the process. In addition to identifying a subject matter expert, risk mitigation processes may be identified and assessed to try and offset the assessed risk. For example, the risk mitigation processes may include: operating the existing purchasing process in parallel with a proposed process before pulling the current process offline and exercising the proposed process with purchasing data before activating the process. [0048] If the project is to proceed, then the frequency of risk reviews may be determined based on the risk assessment (e.g., utilizing focused composite values). In this case, with a high risk assessment, plans may be made to review the risk at each of the phases of the continuous improvement process (e.g., DMAIC or DMEDI phases in the case of 6 Sigma). In this manner additional scrutiny may be provided to proposed projects that have high risk assessments. Therefore, the assessed risk may be reduced, or at least controlled and balanced with the anticipated benefits of the process.  





 

Previous Patent: Method and apparatus for associating privileges with people in an organizationNext Patent: Method of managing risk











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 

















David Burritt | Directors and Boards
























Skip to main content










Login
 Username *
 Password *


GO >
Forgot password?  Not a Subscriber? 

















Search form
Search











Toggle navigation






















 













Mr. David B. BurrittCaterpillar Inc.Peoria, ILHas spent a 30-year career at Caterpillar, where he has served in a variety of accounting, tax, and financial reporting roles, including business manager for Caterpillar Belgium and general manager of strategic and business services for Europe, Africa, and the Middle East.2008 First QuarterAdded to: Lockheed Martin Corp. - Bethesda, MDLockheed Martin is an information technology, defense industry, and aerospace products company. Revenues are $48 billion.















 















 











David B Burritt - Pittsburgh, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David B Burritt in Pittsburgh, PA


David B Burritt

                                                                           Intelius found that David B Burritt  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Pittsburgh, PA.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

David Boyd Burritt
Dave B Burritt


Get Report Now

Age

David B Burritt is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA
Peoria, IL
Morton, IL

David's Relatives

Sheryl Burritt
Richard Burritt
Eric Burritt
Vanessa Burritt







David B Burritt



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at Caterpillar Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David B Burritt
Get a Criminal Check on David B Burritt
Get a Public Record Report on David B Burritt
Get a People Search Report on David B Burritt


David B Burritt's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David B Burritt has lived as well as David B Burritt's phone numbers and email addresses.




David B Burritt Has Lived in 3 States
Pennsylvania Address for David B Burritt


100 7** S* 

Pittsburgh, PA


Has Lived In

Pittsburgh, PA
Peoria, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David B Burritt

(727) ***-**** - Saint Petersburg, FL 
(309) ***-**** - Morton, IL 
(309) ***-**** - Morton, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David B Burritt

d*********t@***.com
b****d@***.org
d******t@***.com


Get Email Report




David B Burritt's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about David B Burritt's academic history.  Find out which schools David B Burritt attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees David B Burritt received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David B Burritt Has Attended 2 Schools
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
Bradley University                              David B Burritt has a Bachelor of Science in Accounting               


David B Burritt's Professional Information
Information regarding David B Burritt's professional history.  Find out previous places David B Burritt has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David B Burritt Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Caterpillar Inc
               Title: Vice President
Company: Caterpillar Inc
               Title: General Manager, Strategic and Business Services For Europe, Africa and the Middle East
David B Burritt's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Caterpillar Inc
Job Details

Title: General Manager, Strategic and Business Services For Europe, Africa and the Middle East
               Company: Caterpillar Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on David B Burritt

 See David B Burritt's LinkedIn Profile



David B Burritt's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David B Burritt


David B Burritt's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David B Burritt's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Burritt
Username Matches

                  DavidBurritt
                  BurrittDavid
                  David.Burritt
                  Burritt.David
                  David_Burritt
                  Burritt_David
                  David-Burritt
                  Burritt-David
                  DBurritt
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Burritt







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














David B Burritt - Morton, IL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found David B Burritt in Morton, IL


David B Burritt

                                                                           Intelius found that David B Burritt  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Morton, IL.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

David Boyd Burritt
Dave B Burritt


Get Report Now

Age

David B Burritt is in his 60s

David Has Lived In

Morton, IL
Peoria, IL
Pittsburgh, PA

David's Relatives

Sheryl Burritt
Richard Burritt
Eric Burritt
Vanessa Burritt







David B Burritt



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at Caterpillar Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about David? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about David, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on David B Burritt
Get a Criminal Check on David B Burritt
Get a Public Record Report on David B Burritt
Get a People Search Report on David B Burritt


David B Burritt's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where David B Burritt has lived as well as David B Burritt's phone numbers and email addresses.




David B Burritt Has Lived in 3 States
Illinois Address for David B Burritt


45 G******** C* 

Morton, IL


Has Lived In

Morton, IL
Peoria, IL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with David B Burritt

(727) ***-**** - Saint Petersburg, FL 
(309) ***-**** - Morton, IL 
(309) ***-**** - Morton, IL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with David B Burritt

d*********t@***.com
b****d@***.org
d******t@***.com


Get Email Report




David B Burritt's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about David B Burritt's academic history.  Find out which schools David B Burritt attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees David B Burritt received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David B Burritt Has Attended 2 Schools
University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
Bradley University                              David B Burritt has a Bachelor of Science in Accounting               


David B Burritt's Professional Information
Information regarding David B Burritt's professional history.  Find out previous places David B Burritt has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


David B Burritt Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Caterpillar Inc
               Title: Vice President
Company: Caterpillar Inc
               Title: General Manager, Strategic and Business Services For Europe, Africa and the Middle East
David B Burritt's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Caterpillar Inc
Job Details

Title: General Manager, Strategic and Business Services For Europe, Africa and the Middle East
               Company: Caterpillar Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on David B Burritt

 See David B Burritt's LinkedIn Profile



David B Burritt's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for David B Burritt


David B Burritt's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of David B Burritt's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
David Burritt
Username Matches

                  DavidBurritt
                  BurrittDavid
                  David.Burritt
                  Burritt.David
                  David_Burritt
                  Burritt_David
                  David-Burritt
                  Burritt-David
                  DBurritt
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Burritt







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Who is David B Burritt?






















Omnilexica
For all your dictionary needs!



 



Tip. You can look up words, expressions, names, titles...






David B Burritt




On this page:PersonOnline dictionaries and encyclopedias with entries for David B BurrittShare this pagePersonWho is David B Burritt?David B Burritt a.k.a. David B. Burritt is Chief Financial Officer and vice president of Caterpillar's Global Finance and Strategic Support Division in Peoria, Illinois. He has responsibility for Accounting, Audit  Compliance, Tax; Treasury, Investor Relations, Product Source Planning, Strategic Investments and Support, and Finance Transformation.also known as Dave Burritteducation:MBA at University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, graduated in 1990Bachelor of Science at Bradley University, graduated in 1977Online dictionaries and encyclopedias with entries for David B BurrittClick on a label to prioritize search results according to that topic:
Share this pageNext...Go to the thesaurus of David B Burritt to find many related words and phrases!

Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy Keyword Tool | Romanian-English Dictionary








Insider Trading - Burritt David B - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Burritt David B





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-23Sale
2016-11-285:46 pm
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
51,791
$32.56
$1,686,315
135,672(IndirectDirect)
View


2015-02-04Purchase
2015-02-065:15 pm
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
40,083
$24.9
$998,039
171,701(DirectIndirect)
View


2015-02-02Sale
2015-02-046:13 pm
Lockheed Martin Corp
LMT
Burritt David BDirector
3,940
$192.5
$758,385
12,102(DirectIndirect)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-09-03Tax Withholding
2016-09-074:56 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
8,570
$19.13
196,640(Direct)
View


2016-09-03Tax Withholding
2016-09-074:56 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
9,177
$19.13
196,640(Direct)
View


2016-05-27Tax Withholding
2016-06-017:11 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
2,299
$14.62
205,210(Direct)
View


2016-05-27Option Award
2016-06-017:11 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
30,300
$0
205,210(Direct)
View


2016-05-27Option Award
2016-06-017:11 pm
N/A2026-05-31
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
71,750
$14.78
205,210(Direct)
View


2016-02-24Tax Withholding
2016-02-264:20 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
2,412
$7.51
177,209(Direct)
View


2016-02-01Option Award
2016-02-034:07 pm
N/AN/A
Lockheed Martin Corp
LMT
Burritt David BDirector
691
$0
6,981(Indirect)
View


2015-09-03Tax Withholding
2015-09-0812:24 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
10,979
$16.18
179,621(Direct)
View


2015-05-27Tax Withholding
2015-05-294:38 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
3,301
$24.55
190,600(Direct)
View


2015-02-24Option Award
2015-02-264:50 pm
N/AN/A
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
22,200
$0
193,901(Direct)
View


2015-02-24Option Award
2015-02-264:50 pm
N/A2025-02-24
United States Steel Corp
X
Burritt David BExec. VP and CFO
54,780
$24.78
193,901(Direct)
View


2015-02-02Exercise
2015-02-046:13 pm
N/AN/A
Lockheed Martin Corp
LMT
Burritt David BDirector
6,329
$89.32
12,102(Direct)
View


2015-02-02Exercise
2015-02-046:13 pm
N/A2023-01-27
Lockheed Martin Corp
LMT
Burritt David BDirector
6,329
$89.32
12,102(Direct)
View


2015-02-02Option Award
2015-02-046:13 pm
N/AN/A
Lockheed Martin Corp
LMT
Burritt David BDirector
687
$0
12,102(Indirect)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Fri, 21 Jul 2017 12:24:03 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.
































Amazon.com: burritt: CDs & Vinyl







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















CDs & Vinyl



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store       Settings 


















































































1-12 of 17 results for CDs & Vinyl : 
"burritt"


"burritt" 
                                





                                 Cancel









Sort by 
Relevance
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Release Date





























Music for Hammers and Sticks2005by Teresa McCollough and Alex Shapiro
5 out of 5 stars
3
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$17.05PrimeOnly 1 leftMP3 Music$8.99
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $7.99

Intermediate Masterworks for Marimba2009 | Importby Jack Van Geem and Beverly Johnston
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$20.37PrimeOnly 1 leftMP3 Music$17.99
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $12.00

Machine Massiah2008by Eric Babl Jamie Burritt
5 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CD$10.99PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25
FREE Shipping on eligible ordersStars Stories Song2014by Julia Shulman and Pia Liptak
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$14.24PrimeOnly 1 leftMP3 Music$8.99
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $6.99











Live At the Burritt Room2016by Terry Disley
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CD$9.99PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 24MP3 Music$8.99
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $8.99

Shadow Chasers1997by Michael Burritt and Various
4 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CDfrom $19.99

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $19.99

Synergy - Music for Wind Band2009by Yeh and Reilly
4 out of 5 stars
1
Audio CD$6.99PrimeOnly 1 left
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $1.94

Electro-Acoustic1993by Daniel McCarthy and Michael Burritt
4.6 out of 5 stars
3
StreamingUnlimitedAudio CDfrom $19.50MP3 Music$3.96

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $19.50

Stars Stories Song by Julia Shulmanby Tomasz Arnold and Jamie Jordan
Audio CDfrom $78.87

New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $78.87

Waking Dreams2004by Michael Burritt
5 out of 5 stars
1
MP3 Music$8.99
Darkest Hour2010by Dr. Greg Jackson
Audio CD$16.99PrimeGet it by Tuesday, Jul 25
FREE Shipping on eligible orders
New and Used:
Audio CDfrom $5.99

Jamie Burritt2003 | Importby Jamie Burritt
5 out of 5 stars
1Currently unavailable












 
Previous Page
1
2
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…







Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results for
                                Any CategoryCDs & VinylChamber MusicClassicalClassic RockJazzMetalPopRockSee moreRefine byAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonCD & Vinyl EditionDouble AlbumsImportsMusic ArtistPaul SimonGunther SchullerCarla BleyClassical Music PeriodEarly MusicRenaissance (c.1450-1600)Baroque (c.1600-1750)Classical (c.1770-1830)Romantic (c.1820-1910)Modern, 20th, & 21st CenturyMusic FormatCDParental AdvisoryExclude Explicit LyricsAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionCollectibleNewUsedAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates































Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 
















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started































 

Simplify your life with Amazon PrimeWhere savings happen and entertainment lives. 







Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v



































Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings








































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v





























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















