








Joseph B. Burton - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Joseph B. Burton
President and Chief Executive Officer at Plantronics, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Joseph B. Burton? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph B. Burton's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph B. Burton's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph B. Burton's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph B. Burton through your network of contacts.
												








Joseph B. Burton's Executive Work History


Current


President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Plantronics, Inc.


Past
To view Joseph B. Burton's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
52

 
 


Joseph B. Burton's Biography



Mr. Burton is President, CEO and a member of the Board. He joined Plantronics in 2011 as Senior Vice President of Engineering and Development and Chief Technology Officer.  To reflect added responsibilities, in 2012 Mr. Burton's title was changed to Senior Vice President of Technology, Development & Strategy and Chief Technology Officer and in 2014 he became Executive Vice President Products, Technology & Strategy and Chief Technology Officer. In 2015, he became Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and was named President and CEO and was appointed to the Board in October 2016. 


Prior to joining Plantronics, Mr. Burton he ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Burton is President, CEO and a member of the Board. He joined Plantronics in 2011 as Senior Vice President of Engineering and Development and Chief Technology Officer.  To reflect added responsibilities, in 2012 Mr. Burton's title was changed to Senior Vice President of Technology, Development & Strategy and Chief Technology Officer and in 2014 he became Executive Vice President Products, Technology & Strategy and Chief Technology Officer. In 2015, he became Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer and was named President and CEO and was appointed to the Board in October 2016. 


Prior to joining Plantronics, Mr. Burton held various executive management, engineering leadership, strategy, and architecture-level positions.  From 2010 to 2011, Mr. Burton was employed by Polycom, Inc., a global provider of unified communications solutions for telepresence, video and voice, most recently as Executive Vice President, Chief Strategy and Technology Officer and, for a period of time, as General Manager, Service Provider concurrently with his technology leadership role.  From 2001 to 2010, Mr. Burton was employed by Cisco Systems, Inc., a global provider of networking equipment, and served in various roles with increasing responsibility including Vice President and Chief Technology Officer for Unified Communications and Vice President, SaaS Platform Engineering, Collaboration Software Group.  He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Information Systems from Excelsior College (formerly Regents College) and attended the Stanford Executive Program.


Mr. Burton is a hands-on, visionary leader with a broad and detailed understanding of customer communications needs and challenges. His ability to anticipate market trends, years of in-depth experience guiding technology, product and brand strategies to meet customer needs and innovative and collaborative management approach provide distinctive and invaluable insights to the Board as a whole and exceptional leadership for the organization.
		
Source: Plantronics, Inc. on 06/16/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph B. Burton's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Joseph B. Burton. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph B. Burton's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph B. Burton's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph B. Burton through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Joseph B. Burton


















Joseph B. Burton's Connections (21)





Sign up now to view Joseph B. Burton's 21 connections »









Donald S. Houston
Former Senior Vice President, New Business Sales, Plantronics, Inc.









Barbara V. Scherer
Board Member, NETGEAR, Inc.









Brian S. Dexheimer
Board Member, Plantronics, Inc.









Renee Niemi
Former Senior Vice President, Communication Solutions, Plantronics, Inc.









Marshall L. Mohr
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Intuitive Surgical, Inc.









S. Kenneth Kannappan
Board Member, Integrated Device Technology, Inc.









Richard R. Pickard
Former Vice President, Legal, General Counsel and Secretary, Plantronics, Inc.









Philip Vanhoutte
Former Senior Vice President and Managing Director, Europe and Africa, Plantronics, Inc.









Pamela J. Strayer
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Plantronics, Inc.









Greggory C. Hammann
Board Member, Plantronics, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
























 



























	Burton Joseph dies at 91 led grain business | Baking Business | Baking Industry News and Opinions










































Login









Advanced Search | Search Tips

FREE NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP







Home
News
		            
News Home
Business
New Products
Regulatory
Trends
Supplier Innovations
International
Purchasing
Food Safety
Financial Performance
Health and Wellness
People
Food Service
Archives


Features
		            
Features Home
Operations
Formulations
Company Profiles
Innovations
International


Opinion
		            
Opinion Home
Morton I. Sosland
Joshua Sosland
Baking & Snack


Multimedia
		            
Multimedia Home
Slideshows
Videos


Resources
		            
Resources Home
Research Assistant
esource
Calendar
Purchasing Seminar
Webinars
Classifieds
Corporate Profiles
White Papers
Store
Innovation Center


Magazine
		            
Magazine Home
Subscribe
Digital Edition
Newsletters
Reprints
Editorial Staff
Media Guide











Home > News > Business




		Burton Joseph dies at 91; led grain business

		March 20, 2013
		- 
			by Josh Sosland

Share This:






MINNEAPOLIS – Burton M. Joseph, chief executive officer of the I.S. Joseph Company, Inc., died April 14. He was 91 years old. 
While Mr. Joseph is best remembered as a grain exporter, the Minneapolis-based Joseph Company had investments in approximately 30 operating agribusiness companies. The companies were engaged in the grain and feed ingredient business, export and domestic, involving processing, storage and marketing.
Mr. Joseph is credited with playing a pivotal early role in 1963 in the initial purchases of U.S. grain by the U.S.S.R. The sales, which set the stage for the Russian Wheat Deal, began when the Soviet Union was grappling with four poor harvests in a five-year period. At the time, the Soviets were negotiating grain purchases from Australia and Canada.
In his 1973 book “Amber Waves of Grain” about the Soviet wheat purchases, James Trager described Mr. Burton’s role 10 years earlier:
“A Minneapolis feed grain dealer, Burton M. Joseph, heard the Russians were in Ottawa. His wife, Geri, now a contributing editor of the Minneapolis Tribune, was vice-chairman of the Democratic National Committee and a power in New Frontier circles. That gave Burton Joseph entree to John F. Kennedy’s agriculture secretary, Orville L. Freeman, and he persuaded Freeman that selling grain to Russia could be good for America. He proposed that a consortium of U.S. grain companies go to Canada and work out a deal with the Russians.”
Mr. Joseph led the team of exporters to Canada for discussions. Ambitious plans early on were delayed and diminished by political opposition, labor problems and the assassination of President Kennedy. But shipments of grain to the U.S.S.R. began in 1964. 
A Minneapolis native, Mr. Burton graduated from the University of Minnesota with a bachelor’s degree in agricultural biochemistry. 
He was a pilot in the U.S. Air Force, serving in World War II and the Korean War and holding the rank of lieutenant.
Active in civic, religious and business affairs, Mr. Burton was a member of a Secretary of Agriculture Advisory Committee and was a member of the Department of Agricultural Policy Advisory Committee for Trade.
He was active with the American Freedom from Hunger Foundation and Mt. Sinai Hospital, Temple Israel and the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis. He was a national chairman of the Anti-Defamation League. 
Mr. Joseph was predeceased by his parents, I.S. and Anna K. Joseph, and a daughter, Shelley Joseph-Kordell. He is survived by his wife of nearly 60 years, Geri M. Joseph; sons, Scott Joseph and Jon Joseph; grandchildren; four great-grandchildren; and many nieces and nephews. 
Services were held March 20 at Temple Israel in Minneapolis. Memorials may be sent to the Shelley Joseph-Kordell Memorial Scholarship Fund 7158, University of Minnesota Foundation, P.O. Box 70870, St. Paul, MN. 55170-3854.
	
	




Comment on this Article
	We welcome your thoughtful comments. Please comply with our Community rules.
	
Your Name:
 Name is Required
Your Email Address:

Email Address is Required

Add Your Comment:


	The views expressed in the comments section of Baking Business News do not reflect those of Baking Business News or its parent company, Sosland Publishing Co., Kansas City, Mo. Concern regarding a specific comment may be registered with the Editor by clicking the Report Abuse link.

		Enter code as it is shown (required):

Please Enter Code
Code does not Match









News

Business
New Products
Regulatory
Trends
Supplier Innovations
International
Purchasing
Food Safety
Financial Performance
Health and Wellness
People
Food Service
Archive











Most Popular

Read
Shared
Comments




1The top six international food trends for 2017
2Campbell Soup eyes older children as new demographic for snacking
3Grupo Bimbo to acquire East Balt Bakeries
4Pamplona Capital to buy BakeMark from CSM
5Private equity firm acquires Gold Coast Bakeries
( more )


1Grupo Bimbo to acquire East Balt Bakeries
2Pamplona Capital to buy BakeMark from CSM
3Flowers in voluntary separation incentive plan
4Private equity firm acquires Gold Coast Bakeries
5Flour price surge draws management focus
( more )


1Hostess, Carl’s Jr. team up on Ding Dong ice cream sandwich
2Former Merita Bread bakery in Orlando razed
3JAB finalizes purchase of Panera Bread
4Slideshow: New products from Nestle, Unilever, Riviana Foods
5Is whole wheat bread always healthier?
( more )









SUBSCRIBE

to the PRINT edition, or click below for free INSTANT ACCESS to valuable news and insights in the Digital Edition.



Digital Edition












take Baking&Snack with you







network with MBN







network with Baking&Snack







free newsletters
















 














 













NEWS

Business
New Products
Regulatory
Trends
Supplier Innovations
International
Purchasing
Food Safety
Financial Performance
Health and Wellness
People
Food Service
Archives



FEATURES

Operations
Formulations
Company Profiles
Innovations
International



OPINION

Morton I. Sosland
Joshua Sosland
Baking & Snack



MULTIMEDIA

Slideshows
Videos



RESOURCES

Research Assistant
esource
Calendar
Purchasing Seminar
Webinars
Classifieds
Corporate Profiles
White Papers
Store
Innovation Center



MAGAZINE

Subscribe
Digital Edition
Newsletters
Reprints
Editorial Staff
Media Guide






Editorial Staff

              |  
        
Reprints

              |  
        
Classifieds

              |  
        
Contact Us


©2017
        SOSLAND PUBLISHING COMPANY  |  Privacy Policy & Terms of Use














bakemag.com


FoodBusinessNews.net


Instoremag.net


MeatPoultry.com


PurchasingSeminar.com


SoslandEsource.com


World-Grain.com





























Joseph Burton                                                                                                            - Martinsburg                                       , WV         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WV



Martinsburg



Single-Family Housing Construction



New Construction, Single-family Houses



                            Joseph Burton
                                    



 





















J 


Joseph Burton                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



53 TEMPTATION DR MARTINSBURG, WV 25403
Get Directions



(304) 261-5530
 





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $219,282.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries New Construction, Single-family Houses
 Contacts Joseph Burton                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005 the company has been providing New Construction, Single-family Houses. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Joseph B Burton | Free Public Records | PublicRecords360
















Login | Register








Search Options




First Name *



Middle Name



Last Name *



City



State

All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 








 


Safe Search


Your search is confidential. Joseph B Burton will not be notified of your purchase.

 
Related SearchesJoe R BurtonJoseph Ryland BurtonJoey B BurtonJoel BurtonKen E Burton

Connect With Us











36 Matching Results!Showing Top 20. Use filters to see more.
Filter By Age:All AgesNo Age20 - 2930 - 3940 - 4950 - 5960 - 6970 - 7980 - 8990 - 99Has lived in:All CitiesAL - AkronAZ - GilbertCA - Beverly HillsCA - Chula VistaCA - EncinoCA - Hawaiian GardensCA - HomelandCA - LancasterCA - LivermoreCA - Los AngelesCA - Los GatosCA - National CityCA - San DiegoCA - San FranciscoCA - San MateoCA - Sun CityCA - TruckeeCA - Van NuysCO - Colorado SpringsFL - Point WashingtonFL - Santa Rosa BeachGA - ColumbusHI - MililaniHI - WahiawaID - EagleIL - ChicagoIL - Creve CoeurIL - East PeoriaIL - Hoffman EstatesIL - PeoriaIL - Western SpringsKS - WichitaKY - AugustaKY - ColumbiaKY - GradyvilleKY - Mount WashingtonLA - Baton RougeLA - Bossier CityLA - ShreveportMD - BaltimoreMD - RosedaleNC - CharlotteNC - DurhamNC - GreensboroNC - Oak IslandNC - RaleighNC - Spring LakeNE - OmahaNJ - New BrunswickNV - CalienteNV - PanacaNY - JamaicaNY - Port JervisNY - SuffernOH - CantonOH - ColumbusOH - DaytonOH - MassillonPA - Beach LakePA - BechtelsvillePA - CantonPA - ColumbiaPA - DarbyPA - Dingmans FerryPA - MorrisPA - PhiladelphiaSC - ClintonSC - Fountain InnSC - GreerSC - LaurensSC - TaylorsSC - Travelers RestTN - BradfordTN - CordovaTN - MemphisTN - ObionTN - RipleyTN - TroyTX - Harker HeightsTX - KilleenTX - NolanvilleTX - SchertzUT - LoganUT - MidvaleUT - OgdenUT - ProvoUT - SyracuseUT - West JordanVA - ClarksvilleVA - South BostonVA - Virginia BeachVA - WilliamsburgWA - IssaquahWA - SeattleWI - Fond Du Lac




Select a record below to get Complete Report
Aliases
Has lived in
Related to




 


View Details


Joseph Benjamin BurtonAge 58


Durham, NCSan Mateo, CASan Francisco, CABeverly Hills, CABaltimore, MDRosedale, MDWilliamsburg, VA
Irvin BurtonFelicia BrathwaiteKrelen BurtonBeverley BurtonJr Burton


 


View Details


Joseph BurtonAge 43

Joann T BurtonJoanne Anne BurtonJo Anne BurtonJoanne G Gordon-burtonJoanne Gordon
New Brunswick, NJMililani, HIDingmans Ferry, PASuffern, NYPort Jervis, NY
Margie BurtonTahj Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 80

Jo Burton
Encino, CALancaster, CA
David BurtonEleanor BurtonIrving BurtonJustin BurtonTodd Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B Burton


Hawaiian Gardens, CA



 


View Details


Joseph Bennett BurtonAge 39

Joe Bennett Burton
Greer, SCWichita, KSSpring Lake, NCTaylors, SCClinton, SCChicago, ILRaleigh, NC
Deborah BurtonHannah BurtonTony BurdenSteven BurdenLinda Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 90


Jamaica, NYWilliamsburg, VA
Felicia BrathwaiteKrelen BurtonJr Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 74

Joe T BurtonJoseph Burton LasterJoe T Lester
Obion, TNMemphis, TNRipley, TNBradford, TNCordova, TNTroy, TN
Betty LasterSteven LasterRay LasterJoyce LasterBrent Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 63

Joseph M Burton
Columbus, OHCanton, OHAugusta, KYMassillon, OHHoffman Estates, ILWestern Springs, ILChicago, IL
Dicy BurtonSaundra BurtonFrances BurtonJacqueline BurtonRichard Burton


 


View Details


Joseph Brian BurtonAge 52

Jos B Burton
Issaquah, WADayton, OHSeattle, WALos Gatos, CALivermore, CATruckee, CA
Jennifer BurtonRuth BurtonJessica BurtonHogen VandenJulia Burton


 


View Details


Joseph BurtonAge 37


Darby, PA



 


View Details


Joseph Burton BurtonAge 39

Joseph Junius BurtonJoe Junius Burton
Midvale, UTLogan, UTWest Jordan, UTSyracuse, UT
Katie BurtonKatherine Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 45

Kenneth E BurtonKen E Burton
San Diego, CAEncino, CANational City, CAChula Vista, CA
David BurtonEleanor BurtonIrving BurtonJustin BurtonTodd Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 79

Joe B BurtonJoey B Burton
Laurens, SCClinton, SCTravelers Rest, SCFountain Inn, SC
Julian BurtonCrystal BurtonThomas BurtonClaudia WebsterCortez Burton


 


View Details


Joseph BurtonAge 77


Schertz, TX
Tiana Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 77

Joseph Maurice Burton
Point Washington, FLSanta Rosa Beach, FLColorado Springs, CO
Jessica BurtonTiana BurtonRockie Zimmerman


 


View Details


Joseph Brad BurtonAge 69


Omaha, NEGilbert, AZEagle, IDProvo, UT
Debra BurtonJoy BurtonEmily BurtonJoyce BurtonErica Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 44


Wahiawa, HINew Brunswick, NJDingmans Ferry, PAPort Jervis, NY
Mary ShawMargie BurtonJoe BurtonTahj BurtonJoanne Burton


 


View Details


Joe B BurtonAge 64

Joel Burton
New Brunswick, NJPort Jervis, NYKilleen, TXColumbus, GAHarker Heights, TXNolanville, TX
Connie BurtonJoseph BurtonJason BurtonJoanne BurtonTahj Burton


 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 41

Joseph Ryland BurtonJoe R Burton
Bechtelsville, PACharlotte, NCCanton, PAColumbia, PAMorris, PA



 


View Details


Joseph B BurtonAge 93

Joseph R BurtonJos B Burton
Los Angeles, CAEncino, CAVan Nuys, CA
David BurtonEleanor BurtonIrving BurtonJustin BurtonTodd Burton




 

PublicRecords360
is designed to help you safely find people and learn about others. PublicRecords360
does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual's eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA.
Learn more about FCRA restrictions. By using our website you agree to our Terms
of Service and Privacy Policy.









© copyright 2012 - 2017 PublicRecords360.com

Home

Notes

Terms

Privacy

Contact














Joseph Burton 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017















High School更多...按城市筛选萨尔弗 (路易斯安那州)休斯敦哥伦比亚 (肯塔基州)奥斯汀新奥尔良萨默维尔 (亚拉巴马州)马丁内斯巴尔的摩伦敦曼彻斯特更多... -->




Duane Morris LLP - Joseph M. Burton, Partner - Profile



























































Skip to site navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to footer content
Skip to Site Search page
Skip to People Search page







Search the site




Search for a person



 No Results Found
                    











Connect with Duane Morris on LinkedIn
 Follow Duane Morris on Facebook
 Follow Duane Morris on Twitter
Follow Duane Morris LLP on Instagram 
Subscribe to Duane Morris RSS feeds  









 Toggle navigation    


 About Duane Morris 

About Duane Morris
 Firm Rankings & Statistics
 Past & Present
 Firm Accolades & Honors
 Attorney Accolades & Honors
Diversity & Inclusion
Women's Impact Network
Pro Bono
Affiliates
Careers
Alumni


Practices & Industries 

Practices & Industries
Expanded Service Area Listing


People
Offices
Events
News, Pubs & Multimedia 

Recent News & Publications
Alerts & Updates
Bylined Articles
In the News
Press Releases
For the Press
Video
Podcasts
Blogs






















Joseph M. Burton
Partner

  

Phone: +1 415 957 3014
Fax: +1 415 520 0282 
JMBurton@duanemorris.com




 

  



Duane Morris LLPSpear TowerOne Market Plaza, Suite 2200San Francisco, CA  94105-1127USA






Joseph M. Burton
Partner

  

Phone: +1 415 957 3014
Fax: +1 415 520 0282 
JMBurton@duanemorris.com




 

  



Duane Morris LLPSpear TowerOne Market Plaza, Suite 2200San Francisco, CA  94105-1127USA






Joseph M. Burton
Partner

Duane Morris LLPSpear TowerOne Market Plaza, Suite 2200San Francisco, CA  94105-1127USA


Phone: +1 415 957 3014
Fax: +1 415 520 0282 
JMBurton@duanemorris.com




 

  



 


 




Joseph M. Burton

Close

 


Biography

Representative Matters

Resume

Publications and Speaking Engagements




Joseph M. Burton concentrates his practice in complex civil, criminal and appellate litigation. He is nationally recognized in the emerging field of Information Security Law where he advises and represents individuals and corporations regarding their rights and responsibilities in maintaining the security of digital information. His practice includes trade secret, trademark and patent litigation with an emphasis in cybercrime and cybersecurity matters. Mr. Burton is a former Assistant United States Attorney and Chief of the Silicon Valley Office for the Northern District of California where he handled several pioneering high technology investigations and prosecutions, including the first prosecution in the nation for criminal copyright infringement of computer code.
As a defense counsel, Mr. Burton represented one of the targets of the first criminal investigation into the export, by computer, of cryptography programs. He successfully defended ElcomSoft Co. in a landmark case involving the first criminal prosecution of a software company under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Mr. Burton is a member of the White Collar Crime and Complex Crimes committees of the Section of Litigation of the American Bar Association, and former chair of the Computer Crime Subcommittee. He is also a member of the Federal Bar Association and the Charles Houston Bar Association. In 2015, he was selected as a Distinguished Legal Writing Award Winner by the Burton Awards for an article, "4 Steps to Getting Serious About Law Firm Cybersecurity," published by Law Practice Today.
Admitted to practice in California and the District of Columbia, he is a former lawyer delegate to the Ninth Circuit Judicial Conference. Mr. Burton is a 1973 graduate of the Northeastern University School of Law and a graduate of the University of Dayton.



Representative Matters

Counsel for ElcomSoft Company, a Russian software developer, facing the first criminal prosecution under the controversial federal statute known as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).  ElcomSoft was acquitted of all charges in this precedent setting case.  
Counsel to a co-defendant in a federal criminal investigation, the first of its kind, involving the export of strong cryptography software.  As a result of counsel's activity, the government declined to bring charges against the defendant.  
Counsel to the subject of a federal public corruption investigation in San Francisco on two separate and independent occasions involving contractors suspected of offering bribes. As a result, the criminal investigations of these individuals were terminated and no charges were brought against them.    
Counsel to the executive of a successful and thriving dot com start-up company under investigation by the SEC for securities violations.  As a result, no criminal charges were brought against the client and only minimal civil sanctions were imposed.    
Counsel to a nationally known biotechnology firm in defense of a multi-million dollar patent infringement suit relating to the development, marketing and distribution of the client's product.  Retained as lead trial counsel after the first case ended in a mistrial.  The case was settled shortly before the second trial on terms favorable to the client.   
As a former Federal Prosecutor, counsel in the investigation of former and then notorious computer "hacker" Kevin Poulsen for activities related to computer intrusion.  This was one of the earliest criminal investigations of computer hackers (1988).  As a result, in part because of this original investigation, Poulsen was subsequently indicted and convicted of various computer crimes.




Admissions

District of Columbia
California
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
U.S. Court of Military Appeals
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California
Supreme Court of California

Education

Northeastern University School of Law, J.D., 1973
	  		  	 		  

Experience

Duane Morris LLP  - Partner, 1998-present
Sideman & Bancroft, San Francisco, California  - Partner, 1994-1998
Robins, Kaplan, Miller & Ciresi, San Francisco, California  - Partner, 1990-1994
Chevron Corporation Law Department, San Francisco, California  - Litigation Counsel, 1989-1990
United States Attorney's Office, Northern District of California  - Chief, San Jose Office, 1984-1989  - Assistant United States Attorney, San Francisco Office, 1978-1984
United States Army  - Judge Advocate General Corps, 1974-1978 

Professional Activities

Federal Bar Association  - Northern District of California
Lawyer Delegate to the Ninth Circuit, Judicial Conference, 1992-1994 
American Bar Association  - Section of Litigation  -- Complex Crimes Committee  - Criminal Justice Section  -- White Collar Crime Committee -- Vice Chair, Computer Crime Subcommittee., 1995-1996
The Bar Association of San Francisco  - Judiciary Committee, 1997-2000
National Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys
Charles Houston Bar Association 

Honors and Awards

Selected as a 2015 Distinguished Legal Writing Award Winner by the Burton Awards
Listed in Northern California Super Lawyers, 2004-2017
Listed in Super Lawyers Corporate Counsel Edition, Criminal Defense: White Collar, 2009 and 2010
Recipient, CLAY (California Lawyer Attorneys of the Year) Award for Criminal and Copyright Law.  This award is given to attorneys who have made a significant impact on public policy, creatively managed complicated cases or transactions and have won cases against great odds.  Mr. Burton was named in the March 2003 issue of California Lawyer Magazine for his achievements.
AV® Preeminent™ Peer Review Rated by Martindale-Hubbell

Civic and Charitable Activities

Member, Electronic Frontier Foundation




Selected Publications

Author, "A run through the California breach notification weeds," Cyber Security Practitioner, November 2016
Quoted in "Prepare for a Payments Revolution," Bank Info Security, November 21, 2014 (selected as a 2015 Distinguished Legal Writing Award Winner by the Burton Awards)
Author, "4 Steps to Getting Serious About Law Firm Cybersecurity," Law Practice Today, September 15, 2014
Author, "Moving to Better Cybersecurity with NIST," Intelligent Utility, April 20, 2014
Quoted in "New DDoS Warning Issued by Regulator," Bank Info Security, February 22, 2013

Selected Speaking Engagements

Interviewed for "FTC, FCC Flex Muscles," Bank Info Security video, February 16, 2017
Speaker, "Et Tu, Brute? – Your Government Can Take You Down Too" and "Keynote Panel: The Apple vs. FBI Crypto Debate," Information Security Media Group's Fraud & Breach Prevention Summit: San Francisco, March 22-23, 2016
Speaker, "Cyber Security Breaches: Consequences for Your Firm in 2016 and Beyond," Live Webcast, The Knowledge Group, December 1, 2015
Speaker, "Defending the White Collar Case: In & Out of Court," NACDL's 11th Annual White Collar Seminar, New York, October 22, 2015
Interviewed for "Why Info Sharing Is 2015's Hot Topic." RSA Conference 2015, April 23, 2015
Panelist, "Big Tech's Burden to Develop Predictive Indicators to Combat Cyber-Attacks," RSA Conference 2015, April 23, 2015
Panelist, "Breach 360: How Top Attacks Impact Tomorrow's Laws, Litigation, Security," RSA Conference 2015, April 22, 2015
Panelist, "Inconvenient Security: When Attorneys Drive Security Decisions," RSA Conference 2015, April 22, 2015
Panelist, "Fraud: Defining 'Reasonable Security'," BankInfo Security Podcast, July 14, 2014
Speaker, "Liability Between Banks & Commercial Clients on Fraud," Financial Crime Risk Management Solutions Seminar, Scottsdale, Arizona, June 10, 2014
Panelist, "Payment Card Fraud, EMV Adoption & the Merchant Challenge," and "Closing Remarks: Top Fraud Threats to Watch in 2014: Technology and Legal Ramifications," ISMG Fraud Summit 2014, San Francisco, April 29, 2014 
Speaker, "Cyber Security and Data Breaches," Internal Corporate Investigations and Forum for In-House Counsel Program, American Bar Association, Washington, D.C., April 25, 2014
Panelist, "Cybersecurity Litigation Risks and Compliance Threats: Steps that Public Companies, Boards, and Officers Should be Taking to Prevent a 'Cyber Pearl Harbor,'" Business Law Section of the American Bar Association Annual Meeting, San Francisco, August 11, 2013
Panelist, "Hot Topics in Information Security Law 2013," "Techno-Ethics for Lawyers — How Technology Complicates Ethical Compliance" and "Banking Fraud: Where is the Liability — With the Customer, Bank or Vendor?" RSA Conference 2013 eFraud Global Forum, San Francisco, February 25-March 1, 2013
Panelist, "Litigating the High-Tech Case," American Bar Association's Inaugural National Institute - Computing and the Law Conference: From Steps to Strides into the New Age, San Francisco, California, June 25-26, 2007
Co-panelist, "What You Must Know About IT Security and Privacy Law," Chicago, Illinois, June 29, 2005; Rosemont, Illinois, June 30, 2005
Co-presenter, "Compliance Issues Spawned by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002," Webcast, July 30, 2003
"Securing Your IT Infrastructure," Microsoft Executive Circle Events, September 2002
"Copyright or Copywrong:  Digital Millennium Copyright Act Examined," RSA Security Conference, February 22, 2002
"Implications of Enforcing the Digital Millennium Copyright Act:  A Case Study, Focusing on United States v. Sklyarov," Fordham University, October 19, 2001
"State Action Exemption and Noerr Doctrine Committee Program," Pathways to Leadership Committee Fair, San Francisco, California, April 14, 1999 
"Cybercrime Laws," sponsored by Duane, Morris & Heckscher LLP, PricewaterhouseCoopers and Upside Media at Cybercrime Conference, San Francisco, California, April 18, 2000 
"Trade Secrets: Recent Federal and State Developments," American Bar Association Annual Meeting, San Francisco, California, August 2, 1997 
"Electronic Commerce: Finance and Fraud on the Information Superhighway," American Bar Association Annual Meeting, Orlando, Florida, August 2, 1996 

















×
Duane Morris LLP - Email Disclaimer


Contact Duane Morris Via E-mailThank you for your interest in Duane Morris.  
Please do not send confidential or sensitive information to us unless you speak with a Duane Morris attorney and receive specific authorization to 
send such information.  We cannot assure you that communications without such authorization will be considered or maintained confidential or privileged 
as to a matter in which Duane Morris does not already represent you.  
Please refer to the Disclaimer for further information.  
By clicking [ACCEPT TERMS] below to continue sending an e-mail, you acknowledge and agree to all the terms of this paragraph and the Disclaimer.

Accept Terms
Cancel






 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










       REI – Top-Brand Clothing, Gear, Footwear and Expert Advice for All Your Outdoor Adventures - REI.com                                            









You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers.




Mozilla Firefox



Google Chrome



Apple Safari



Microsoft IE











              Cart          Menu                      Skip to main content Skip to footer    





Members, earn a $20 bonus card when you spend $100 or more 7/11–31. Details














It appears that your browser is blocking JavaScript.
REI.com requires JavaScript to function properly. If you want to search for or purchase items on our site, please configure your browser to use Javascript.
This page offers step-by-step instructions to enable JavaScript for most commonly-used browsers: http://www.enable-javascript.com













Filter


Sort







Close





    Skip to search results

Close









































The REI Difference

100% satisfaction guaranteed
We stand behind everything we sell. If you are not satisfied with your REI purchase, you can return it for a replacement or refund within one year of purchase.  REI's guarantee doesn't cover ordinary wear and tear or damage caused by improper use or accidents.  If your item has a manufacturing defect in its materials or workmanship, you can return it at any time. See our limited warranty.
Gear & advice you can trust
At REI, we live and breathe the outdoors, and we're passionate about sharing our expertise with people of all skill levels. Whether you're new to the outdoors or a seasoned explorer, we'll take the time to understand your needs and help you find the right gear for you.
10% annual member refund
Anyone can shop at REI, but for a one-time $20 fee you can become an REI member and enjoy a lifetime of benefits. These include an annual member refund, typically 10% back on eligible purchases.*




 
 
*10% is typical but not guaranteed. Your refund is based on eligible purchases, which exclude REI gift cards, services, fees, REI Adventures trips, REI Garage, and discounted items. Learn more







Sign up for REI emails
Thank you!




From the coolest new gear to awesome offers and events, you’ll always know what’s happening at the co-op.


 Email Opt-in 


 Email 

REI's Privacy Policy



Sign me up!
No thanks






Check your inbox for your first email (and a little surprise) from REI.
We’ll send you a few emails every week. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.

Got it!












       How to earn & redeem your REI Member Bonus Card - REI.com                                              









You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers.




Mozilla Firefox



Google Chrome



Apple Safari



Microsoft IE











              Cart          Menu                      Skip to main content Skip to footer    











A member perk that'll have you coming back for more











Spend $100 or more July 11–31 and earn a $20 bonus card

Single-use bonus card redeemable August 4–14, 2017.See terms and conditions belowNot a member? Join and earn your bonus card today.




Add a membership to cart















Earn a Member Bonus Card 7/11–7/31

Online at REI.com or REI Garage Enter your REI member number at checkout. Not a member? Add a member to your cart for a one-time $20 fee. Your $20 Member Bonus Card will be added automatically to your cart.  In REI Stores Not a member? Purchase a membership during checkout to receive your Member Bonus Card. See earning terms and conditions below











Redeem your Member Bonus Card 8/4–8/14

Online at REI.com or REI Garage At Billing during checkout, under Gift Card, enter both the number and the PIN from the back of your Member Bonus Card, or from the emailed Member Bonus Card, and click Apply.  In REI Stores Give the cashier your Member Bonus Card; show a printout of your emailed Member Bonus Card, or show it from your phone.  By Phone at 1-800-426-4840 When you call to place an order, tell your cashier the number and PIN from your Member Bonus Card. See redeeming terms and conditions below













Terms and Conditions







Earning your Member Bonus Card

 Member Bonus Card available 7/11/17 12:01am – 7/31/17 11:59pm Pacific Time. REI membership number is required at checkout. Not a member? You can join for a one-time $20 fee during checkout. Limit 1 Member Bonus Card per member. Offer valid on one pretax purchase of $100 or more of eligible merchandise; other discounts applied to your order could change your subtotal. Offer valid at REI stores, REI.com, REI Garage or 1-800-426-4840. To order by phone, call 1-800-426-4840 | Mon-Fri, 5am through 10pm | Sat-Sun, 6am through 9pm PT. Member Bonus Card will be emailed to the email address on the order for purchases made at REI.com, REI Garage and 1-800-426-4840. Member Bonus Card will be given by the cashier for purchases made at REI stores, while supplies last. Member Bonus Card not available from purchases made at REI Corporate and Group Sales, REI Adventures or REI Outdoor School. Member Bonus Card not available on prior purchases, exchanges, used gear or rentals, purchases of gift cards, e-gift cards, special orders, tickets or passes, or gift boxes. REI Employees are not eligible for the Member Bonus Card offer. Member Bonus Card is valid 8/4/17 – 8/14/17 and is a single-use promotional card, issued by REI Customer Services, Inc. Terms and Conditions for the Member Bonus Card redemption apply. See applicable Terms and Conditions available at REI.com/member-bonus, which may be changed at any time without notice. 











Redeeming your Member Bonus Card

 This single-use promotional card is issued by REI Customer Services, Inc. This card can be used in one qualifying transaction at REI stores, REI.com, REI Garage or 1-800-426-4840. To order by phone, call 1-800-426-4840 | Mon-Fri, 5am through 10pm | Sat-Sun, 6am through 9pm PT This card will not carry an unused balance; any unused amount will be forfeited at time of redemption (except where required by law). For balance, visit REI.com/gift-card-balance or call 1-800-426-4840. Only one Digital Promotional Card may be redeemed per transaction. If eligible product is returned for a refund after the card has been redeemed, the value of the redeemed card will be deducted from the refund amount. Void if you return item(s) that qualified you for card. This card cannot be used to pay for shipping charges, return labels, exchanges, memberships, passes and tickets, shop services, gift cards, backordered items or to purchase goods in our Corporate Group Sales business channel. Not redeemable for cash or credit (except where required by law). REI Employees are not eligible for the Member Bonus Card offer. Cannot be replaced if lost or stolen (except where required by law). Not for resale and is non-transferable. Use of this card constitutes acceptance of the Terms and Conditions (available at REI.com/member-bonus), which may be changed at any time without notice. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. Valid 8/4/17 – 8/14/17. Protect this card like cash. 





























The REI Difference

100% satisfaction guaranteed
We stand behind everything we sell. If you are not satisfied with your REI purchase, you can return it for a replacement or refund within one year of purchase.  REI's guarantee doesn't cover ordinary wear and tear or damage caused by improper use or accidents.  If your item has a manufacturing defect in its materials or workmanship, you can return it at any time. See our limited warranty.
Gear & advice you can trust
At REI, we live and breathe the outdoors, and we're passionate about sharing our expertise with people of all skill levels. Whether you're new to the outdoors or a seasoned explorer, we'll take the time to understand your needs and help you find the right gear for you.
10% annual member refund
Anyone can shop at REI, but for a one-time $20 fee you can become an REI member and enjoy a lifetime of benefits. These include an annual member refund, typically 10% back on eligible purchases.*




 
 
*10% is typical but not guaranteed. Your refund is based on eligible purchases, which exclude REI gift cards, services, fees, REI Adventures trips, REI Garage, and discounted items. Learn more







Sign up for REI emails
Thank you!




From the coolest new gear to awesome offers and events, you’ll always know what’s happening at the co-op.


 Email Opt-in 


 Email 

REI's Privacy Policy



Sign me up!
No thanks






Check your inbox for your first email (and a little surprise) from REI.
We’ll send you a few emails every week. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.

Got it!















       Hiking Inspiration, Gear, Tips, Classes & Events - REI.com                                              









You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers.




Mozilla Firefox



Google Chrome



Apple Safari



Microsoft IE











              Cart          Menu                      Skip to main content Skip to footer    





Members, earn a $20 bonus card when you spend $100 or more 7/11–31. Details
















Hiking
Lace up. Go seek. Hiking is your best friend grinning. A waterfall roaring. Your mind becoming clear. Hiking is just one foot in front of the other. What you find along the way is up to you.












REI members Frankie Najera and Courtney Love hike in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado.Shop the scene



















The essentials








Daypacks







Men's hiking boots







Women's hiking boots







HyperAir jackets











Daypacks







Men's hiking boots







Women's hiking boots







HyperAir jackets


















Try it: Hiking

1. Choose a loop Just getting started? Keep navigation simple by selecting a popular loop trail. 2. Bring friends Hiking: The one-stop way for busy people to catch up with friends, squeeze in some exercise and get a dose of Vitamin Nature, too. 3. Take it easy It's a trail, not a speed test, so give yourself time to soak up the scenery. Let friendly REI experts inspire you with hiking basics, tips and more.






See local classes


















Find trails near you

Discover new places to hike. No registration required.


Search by location
 

    














Read, trek, repeat










Expert Advice
Day hiking checklist
Heading out on a daylong adventure? Make sure you’ve packed these ten essentials for safety, survival and comfort.









Expert Advice
How to choose daypacks
Panel-loading? Top-loading? How many liters if you want to use your pack for ski touring, too? What to know before buying.









Expert Advice
Breaking in new boots
Blisters, begone! How do you get a perfect fit in a new pair of hiking boots? Here’s what to do and what definitely not to do.












Explore more ways to get out







Trail running






Climbing






Yoga






Snowshoeing








Trail running




Climbing




Yoga




Snowshoeing












The REI Difference

100% satisfaction guaranteed
We stand behind everything we sell. If you are not satisfied with your REI purchase, you can return it for a replacement or refund within one year of purchase.  REI's guarantee doesn't cover ordinary wear and tear or damage caused by improper use or accidents.  If your item has a manufacturing defect in its materials or workmanship, you can return it at any time. See our limited warranty.
Gear & advice you can trust
At REI, we live and breathe the outdoors, and we're passionate about sharing our expertise with people of all skill levels. Whether you're new to the outdoors or a seasoned explorer, we'll take the time to understand your needs and help you find the right gear for you.
10% annual member refund
Anyone can shop at REI, but for a one-time $20 fee you can become an REI member and enjoy a lifetime of benefits. These include an annual member refund, typically 10% back on eligible purchases.*




 
 
*10% is typical but not guaranteed. Your refund is based on eligible purchases, which exclude REI gift cards, services, fees, REI Adventures trips, REI Garage, and discounted items. Learn more







Sign up for REI emails
Thank you!




From the coolest new gear to awesome offers and events, you’ll always know what’s happening at the co-op.


 Email Opt-in 


 Email 

REI's Privacy Policy



Sign me up!
No thanks






Check your inbox for your first email (and a little surprise) from REI.
We’ll send you a few emails every week. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.

Got it!













       Co-op Cycles at REI - REI.com                                                









You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers.




Mozilla Firefox



Google Chrome



Apple Safari



Microsoft IE











              Cart          Menu                      Skip to main content Skip to footer    





Members, earn a $20 bonus card when you spend $100 or more 7/11–31. Details

































Hi, we’re Co-op Cycles

We’re bikes born from a love of adventure, cooperatively designed with REI members and built for riders who seek the fun and freedom that comes from exploring the world on two wheels.



























Mountain

When fat tires and dirt trails combine, it’s magic, plain and simple. These low-maintenance fun machines have proven technologies and upgradability that’ll let you dial in a ride all your own.




Explore mountain bikes





























All-road

Road bikes for the adventurous, who know the ride shouldn’t end just because the pavement does. These are built strong and light, providing true versatility from pavement to gravel and beyond.




Explore all-road bikes





























Adventure

Made for loaded tours in ever-changing terrain, these are the bikes from which great stories come. Each model is purpose-built, fully rackable and ready to roll wherever you want to take it.




Explore adventure bikes





























City

Ditch the car and start living, people. Commuting, errands, beer runs and nights out are all made better when done on two wheels. Being part of the solution has never been so much fun.




Explore city bikes





























Kids

When you're a kid, your bike is your freedom. Start 'em out right with sturdy and reliable bikes that will take them from training wheels to singletrack in no time.




Explore kids' bikes














BIKES WORTH RIDING
BIKES WORTH RIDING

Watch now







BIKES WORTH RIDING

Watch now









































Adventure ready

Our bikes are adventure ready and built for versatility. Our members told us that their adventures don’t always fit into exact categories, so we made it easy to accessorize and upgrade.

























Built with great parts

We consciously choose high-quality components over just the latest-and-greatest tech. Meaning, spec-for-spec, our bikes are some of the best values around, and they’ll keep you riding happy for years.

























Cooperatively designed

We start our design process by talking with our riders. They tell us what matters most to them, and we use their feedback to build nothing but great bikes worth riding.








Shop all Co-op Cycles












The REI Difference

100% satisfaction guaranteed
We stand behind everything we sell. If you are not satisfied with your REI purchase, you can return it for a replacement or refund within one year of purchase.  REI's guarantee doesn't cover ordinary wear and tear or damage caused by improper use or accidents.  If your item has a manufacturing defect in its materials or workmanship, you can return it at any time. See our limited warranty.
Gear & advice you can trust
At REI, we live and breathe the outdoors, and we're passionate about sharing our expertise with people of all skill levels. Whether you're new to the outdoors or a seasoned explorer, we'll take the time to understand your needs and help you find the right gear for you.
10% annual member refund
Anyone can shop at REI, but for a one-time $20 fee you can become an REI member and enjoy a lifetime of benefits. These include an annual member refund, typically 10% back on eligible purchases.*




 
 
*10% is typical but not guaranteed. Your refund is based on eligible purchases, which exclude REI gift cards, services, fees, REI Adventures trips, REI Garage, and discounted items. Learn more







Sign up for REI emails
Thank you!




From the coolest new gear to awesome offers and events, you’ll always know what’s happening at the co-op.


 Email Opt-in 


 Email 

REI's Privacy Policy



Sign me up!
No thanks






Check your inbox for your first email (and a little surprise) from REI.
We’ll send you a few emails every week. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.

Got it!













       Camping Gear, Hiking Gear & Expert Advice - REI.com                                             









You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers.




Mozilla Firefox



Google Chrome



Apple Safari



Microsoft IE











              Cart          Menu                      Skip to main content Skip to footer    





Members, earn a $20 bonus card when you spend $100 or more 7/11–31. Details



































Camping & Hiking Gear
















Backpacks



Backpacking Packs


Day Packs


Hydration Packs


Baby Carrier Packs


Waist Packs


Accessories





Tents



Backpacking Tents


Camping Tents


Roof-top Tents


Shelters


Bivy Sacks


Accessories





Sleeping Bags



Men's


Women's


Double


Kids'


Bag Liners





Pads & Hammocks



Sleeping Pads


Hammocks


Cots


Air Mattresses


Pillows





Camp Kitchen



Stoves


Cookware


Dinnerware


Coffee & Tea


Utensils


Coolers


Food





Camp Furniture



Chairs


Hammocks


Tables


Camp Kitchens





Water



Water Bottles


Water Treatment


Hydration Reservoirs


Vacuum Bottles





Lighting



Headlamps


Flashlights


Lanterns





Electronics



GPS


Solar & Portable Power


Radios


Watches


Two-Way Radios


PLB & Satellite Messengers





Gadgets & Gear



Trekking Poles


Knives & Tools


Binoculars


Compasses





Hiking Footwear



Men's


Women's


Kids'


Hiking Socks


Gaiters


Blister Treatments





Hiking Clothing



Jackets


Shirts


Pants


Shorts


Hats & Accessories


Sunglasses





Health & Safety



First Aid


Emergency & Survival


Camp Bathroom


Bear Safety Gear


Fire Starting Gear


Sun & Bug Protection




Accessories


Dog Gear


Storage & Maintenance


Games & Toys


Maps





Camp & Hike Deals



Tent Deals


Sleeping Bag Deals


Backpack Deals


REI Garage Camp & Hike





Shop all Camp & Hike Gear











Expert Advice
Checklists & how-tos







Classes
Expert-led instruction







REI Adventures Trips
Award-winning trips










More categories
















Featured categories








Tents







Packs & bags







Sleeping bags














Tents







Packs & bags







Sleeping bags




























Helpful advice and inspiration










Expert Advice
Backpacking: training and exercises
Learn how to set a training schedule that will get you physically ready for that backcountry trip you've been planning.









Expert Advice
Backpacking checklist
Pack everything you need with this handy checklist! We include the 10 essentials and more for comfort in the backcountry.









Co-op Journal
Up your camping cuisine with 15 top tips
Think beyond trail mix. These backpacking food tips will keep you eating well anywhere your hike takes you.











































Find your next great hike with the Hiking Project app

Hiking Project brings you an extensive guide to trails around the country, with more added and reviewed by hikers like you every day. Get GPS route info, elevation profiles, photos and interactive maps at your fingertips. Backcountry bonus: Downloaded hikes work offline!







































Hit the Appalachian Trail with REI

Journey through the dramatic peaks of the American Northeast with a multi-day trip on the Appalachian Trail. On your trek, you'll summit iconic peaks while taking in sweeping vistas and rare wildlife.




Explore the trip
















Camping & hiking gear at REI

Campfires, s'mores, fishing and hiking—just some of the things that make camping so great. Before your next campout, make sure to head to REI. Our wide variety of camping gear and hiking gear is just what you need to make a life outdoors a life well lived.














The REI Difference

100% satisfaction guaranteed
We stand behind everything we sell. If you are not satisfied with your REI purchase, you can return it for a replacement or refund within one year of purchase.  REI's guarantee doesn't cover ordinary wear and tear or damage caused by improper use or accidents.  If your item has a manufacturing defect in its materials or workmanship, you can return it at any time. See our limited warranty.
Gear & advice you can trust
At REI, we live and breathe the outdoors, and we're passionate about sharing our expertise with people of all skill levels. Whether you're new to the outdoors or a seasoned explorer, we'll take the time to understand your needs and help you find the right gear for you.
10% annual member refund
Anyone can shop at REI, but for a one-time $20 fee you can become an REI member and enjoy a lifetime of benefits. These include an annual member refund, typically 10% back on eligible purchases.*




 
 
*10% is typical but not guaranteed. Your refund is based on eligible purchases, which exclude REI gift cards, services, fees, REI Adventures trips, REI Garage, and discounted items. Learn more







Sign up for REI emails
Thank you!




From the coolest new gear to awesome offers and events, you’ll always know what’s happening at the co-op.


 Email Opt-in 


 Email 

REI's Privacy Policy



Sign me up!
No thanks






Check your inbox for your first email (and a little surprise) from REI.
We’ll send you a few emails every week. You can easily unsubscribe at any time.

Got it!
















SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 





Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















