











Cypress Appoints Brad W. Buss Chief Financial Officer | Cypress Semiconductor


















































Enter your keywords 





 



Community EnglishEnglish
ChineseJapaneseKorean




 
Log in 











You are hereHome › About Cypress › Press Room › Cypress Appoints Brad W. Buss Chief Financial Officer 



      Cypress Appoints Brad W. Buss Chief Financial Officer | Cypress Semiconductor    









      Cypress Appoints Brad W. Buss Chief Financial Officer    




Last Updated:
      June 15, 2009    

Cypress Appoints Brad W. Buss Chief Financial OfficerSAN JOSE, Calif. - August 15, 2005 -- Cypress Semiconductor Corp. (NYSE: CY) today announced the appointment of Brad W. Buss as executive vice president of finance and administration and chief financial officer, effective immediately. Buss is a veteran of the electronics industry who comes to Cypress from a position as vice president of finance of Altera Corp., a $1 billion-in-sales provider of programmable semiconductor solutions.  "Brad brings strong strategic financial leadership to Cypress, along with the analytical skills required to evaluate which businesses we should be in over the long haul and why," said T.J. Rodgers, Cypress president and CEO. "That's why I recruited him so vigorously." "I am excited to be part of one of the most innovative and customer-focused semiconductor companies in the world," Buss said. "I look forward to providing financial direction in a framework of sound corporate governance as I work with the executive team to continue to enhance shareholder returns. I would also like to thank Cypress Vice President and Controller Jeff Osorio for his financial management of the company over the past few months as interim CFO." Buss assumes the Cypress CFO position from Manny Hernandez, who took a job in April as chief financial officer of SunPower Corp., Cypress's silicon solar cell subsidiary. Osorio was interim CFO during the transition period. Prior to joining Cypress, Buss spent five years with Altera Corp.-an S&P 500 company and a component of the Nasdaq 100-taking on positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as vice president of finance with responsibility for global business unit finance, channel finance, and financial planning and analysis. Buss also enjoyed a leadership role in the company's Sarbanes-Oxley and corporate governance efforts.  A native of Canada, Buss earned a bachelor-of-arts degree with a major in economics from McMaster University and an honors business administration degree, majoring in finance and accounting, from the University of Windsor. He began his finance career as an auditor with Arthur Andersen in Toronto and Los Angeles. Buss spent seven years as a finance executive with Wyle Electronics, a distributor of semiconductors and computer systems, culminating as chief financial officer and secretary of the Atlas Services Division.  Buss also worked at Cisco Systems as a member of the worldwide sales finance team. In addition, he was senior vice president of finance, chief financial officer and secretary at Zaffire Inc., a private optical networking company. About CypressCypress solutions are at the heart of any system that is built to perform: consumer, computation, data communications, automotive, industrial, and solar power." Leveraging a strong commitment to customer service and performance-based process and manufacturing expertise, Cypress's product portfolio includes a broad selection of wired and wireless USB devices, CMOS image sensors, timing solutions, network search engines, specialty memories, high-bandwidth synchronous and micropower memory products, optical solutions, and reconfigurable mixed-signal arrays. Cypress stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol CY. More information about the company is available online at www.cypress.com. Statements made in this release that are not historical in nature and that refer to Cypress or its subsidiaries' plans and expectations for the future are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially due a variety of factors, including but not limited to the risks identified in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission." All forward-looking statements included in this release are based upon information available to Cypress as of the date of this release, which may change, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statement. We use words such as "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "future," "look forward," "planning," "intends" and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements. Cypress and the Cypress logo are registered trademarks of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Type: Financial 











      Additional Resources    

Press Room
Media Contacts
Video Library




      About Cypress    

Fact Sheet
Management Bios
Community Relations
Investor Relations




      Social Media    

Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on LinkedIn
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Google+
Follow us on YouTube
Core & Code Blog





















Solutions 

Automotive
Industrial
Consumer
 



Products 

Wireless
Microcontrollers (MCUs)
Memory
Touch Sensing
Power Management
Clocks & Buffers
 



Design Support 

Community
Videos
Development Kits
Quality & Reliability
Product Roadmaps
 









Buy & Sample 

Request Samples
Buy Devices
Buy Development Kits 
 



About Us 

Investors
Careers
 




































Cavium Adds Industry Veterans Brad W. Buss and Dr. Edward H. Frank to Board of Directors











 






























CONTACT US | SITE MAP








PRODUCTS

Complete Product Table & Selector Guide
ThunderX ARM Processors

ThunderX2 ARM Processors


XPliant Ethernet Switch
CloudScale Rack
OCTEON MIPS64 SoCs

Silicon

OCTEON III - CN7XXX

CN78XX
CN77XX
CN73XX/72XX
CN71XX
CN70XX


OCTEON II - CN6XXX

CN68XX
CN67XX
CN66XX
CN63XX
CN62XX
CN61XX
CN60XX




Software

Development Kits
Toolkits


Hardware


OCTEON TX 64-bit ARM SoCs

Silicon

CN80/81XX
CN82/83XX




OCTEON Fusion Processors

OCTEON Fusion Small Cell Processors
OCTEON Fusion-M Processors


NITROX Processors

NITROX V
NITROX III
NITROX PX


NEURON Search Processors
LiquidSecurity
FastLinQ Adapters

FastLinQ Intelligent Ethernet Adapters
FastLinQ Converged Network Adapters


LiquidIO Adapters

LiquidIO II Network Appliance Adapters
LiquidIO II Server Adapters


NITROX-XL and FIPS Adapters

Crypto Offload Adapters
FIPS HSM Adapters


PureVu Media Processors

Silicon

CNW6611L
CNC1800L
CNW83xx  Family

CNW8302
CNW8311H
CNW8311L




Wireless Display

Miracast™, WiVu™, WiDi, DLNA™
Applications

Adapter for Handheld devices

Reference Design

Tiga-Mini
Tiga Media Stick


Silicon

CNW6611L




Adapter for PC

Reference Design

Tiga Media Stick



Silicon

CNW6611L 




Wireless Display enabled Monitor, Projector, and TV

Reference Design

Tiga Media Stick


Silicon

CNW6611L 




HDMI Adapter Transmitter Receiver Pair

Reference Design

Vega  HDK


Silicon

CNW8302




Create your own




IPTV/OTT Processors

Applications

IPTV STB

Reference Design

Vega OTT


Silicon

CNW8311H
CNW8311L




IPTV  Stick

Reference Design

Vega Media Stick Mini
Tiga Media Stick


Silicon

CNW8311L
CNW6611L 










Videos


SUPPORT
NEWS & EVENTS

Press Releases
Cavium in the News
Company Events
Testimonials


SALES

Locations
Purchase


PARTNERS
CORPORATE

Company
Team
Awards
Board of Directors
Partners
Trade Compliance
Corporate Social Responsibility
Careers
Locations
Contact Us
Site Map


INVESTORS

 






















 

 


News & Events > Press Releases


Share
 






  






 





      A tree for site navigation will open here if you enable JavaScript in your browser.
        





 


Cavium Adds Industry Veterans Brad W. Buss and Dr. Edward H. Frank to Board of Directors


SAN JOSE, California – July 26, 2016 – Cavium, Inc. (NASDAQ: CAVM), a leading  provider of semiconductor products that enable intelligent processing for  enterprise, data center, cloud, wired and wireless networking, today  announced that Brad W. Buss and Dr. Edward H. Frank have been elected to Cavium’s  Board of Directors. Their appointments are effective July 22, 2016.

                      “We are extremely pleased to welcome Brad and Ed to our Board of  Directors.  They each have decades of semiconductor  industry experience.  In addition, their  individual experiences will prove extremely valuable to Cavium as we grow and  expand our infrastructure product footprint in multiple markets,” said Syed  Ali, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cavium.

Mr. Buss is a veteran of the high technology and  semiconductor space with almost 30 years of experience with public and private  companies including initial public offerings, mergers and acquisitions and  substantial shareholder value creation activities. Mr. Buss retired as the  Chief Financial Officer of SolarCity Corporation in February 2016 and is  currently focused on board service and advising. In addition, Mr. Buss served  as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cypress  Semiconductor Corporation from 2005 to 2014. Mr. Buss also held prior financial  leadership roles with Altera Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc., Veba Electronics  LLC and Wyle Electronics, Inc. Mr. Buss has served on the board of directors  for Tesla Motors Inc. since 2009, Advance Auto Parts, Inc. since 2016 and CaféPress,  Inc. from 2007 until July 2016.

                    Dr. Frank co-founded Cloud Parity Inc., a voice-of-the-customer startup  in the SF Bay Area, in late 2013 and serves as its Chief Executive Officer.  From 2009 through 2013, Dr. Frank was Vice President of Macintosh Hardware  Systems Engineering at Apple, Inc. where he led the development of four  generations of Macintosh laptop and desktop computers. Before joining Apple, Dr.  Frank was Corporate Vice President of Research and Development at Broadcom  Corporation.  Prior to becoming Corporate Vice President of Research and  Development, Dr. Frank co-founded and led the engineering group for Broadcom's  Wireless LAN business, which is now one of Broadcom's largest business units. Dr.  Frank was the founding Chief Executive Officer of Epigram, Inc., a developer of  integrated circuits and software for home networking, which Broadcom acquired  in 1999.  Dr. Frank holds over 50 issued  patents.  He serves on the board of directors of Analog Devices, Inc.,  eASIC Corporation, and Quantenna, and is an advisor to several Bay Area venture  capital firms and startups. Dr. Frank is also Vice Chairman of Carnegie  Mellon University’s Board of Trustees.
 
                    #### 
                  
About  Cavium
                      Cavium is a leading provider of highly integrated  semiconductor products that enable intelligent processing in enterprise, data center,  cloud, wired and wireless service provider applications. Cavium offers a broad  portfolio of integrated, software compatible processors ranging in performance  from 100 Mbps to 100 Gbps that enable secure, intelligent functionality in  enterprise, data center, broadband/consumer and access & service provider  equipment. Cavium’s processors are supported by ecosystem partners that provide  operating systems, tool support, reference designs and other services. Cavium’s  principal offices are in San Jose, California with design team locations in  California, Massachusetts, India, and China. For more information, please visit: http://www.cavium.com.                                         
                    Cavium  Contact                                                        
Angel Atondo                                                                                      
Sr. Marketing  Communications Manager
Tel: (408) 943-7417                                                                            
Email: angel.atondo@cavium.com

                  LiquidIO, LiquidSecurity, OCTEON Fusion-M, ThunderX, Xpliant are   trademarks of Cavium, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of   their respective owners. All rights reserved. © Cavium, Inc. 2016.





 
 












Home
|
Products
|
Support
|
News and Events
|
Sales
|
Corporate
|
Contact us

  






All contents are Copyright © 2000 - 2017 Cavium. All rights reserved.      Privacy Policy   |   Copyright Policy   |   Site Map 







TSLA Brad W. Buss Insider Trades for Tesla Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Tesla Inc.

                  NASDAQ: TSLA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Tesla Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 7:59 p.m.


TSLA

/quotes/zigman/118681/composite


$
342.75




Change

+0.23
+0.07%

Volume
Volume 87,809
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/118681/composite
Today's close

$
			328.40
		


$
				342.52
			
Change

+14.12
+4.30%





Day low
Day high
$330.01
$343.40










52 week low
52 week high

            $178.19
        

            $386.99
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Brad W. Buss



Mr. Brad W. Buss is on the Board of Directors at QLogic Corp., Cavium, Inc., Advance Auto Parts, Inc., Tesla Motors, Inc., ComHear, Inc. and Ramtron International Corp. Mr. Buss was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer by SolarCity Corp., Independent Non-Employee Director by CafePress, Inc., CFO, Secretary & Executive VP-Administration by Cypress Semiconductor Corp., Vice President-Finance by Altera Corp., Chief Financial Officer by Zaffire, Inc., Vice President-Finance by Altera Corp., and Vice President-Worldwide Sales by Cisco Systems, Inc. He also served on the board at AgigA Tech, Inc. and Silicon Light Machines Corp. He received his undergraduate degree from McMaster University and an undergraduate degree from the University of Windsor.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/13/2016
1,300


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


11/21/2016
4,100


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/13/2016
10,000


 
Disposition at $207.56 per share.


2,075,600


05/13/2016
10,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $28.43 per share.


284,300


05/12/2016
5,333


 
Disposition at $208.13 per share.


1,109,958


05/12/2016
2,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $28.43 per share.


56,860


05/12/2016
3,333


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.63 per share.


22,097


02/18/2015
5,882


 
Disposition at $205.39 per share.


1,208,104


08/23/2013
10,000


 
Disposition at $158.31 per share.


1,583,100


08/23/2013
10,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.63 per share.


66,300


05/28/2013
20,000


 
Disposition at $104.42 per share.


2,088,400


05/28/2013
20,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $6.63 per share.


132,600





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Elon Reeve Musk 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Deepak  Ahuja 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Gary  Clark 
Chief Information Officer




Mr. Jeffrey B. Straubel 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Jim  Keller 
Vice President-Autopilot Hardware Engineering




Mr. Chris  Porritt 
Vice President-Vehicle Engineering




Dr. Jerome  Guillen 
Vice President-Worldwide Services & Deliveries




Mr. Gilbert  Passin 
Vice President-Manufacturing




Mr. John K. Walker 
Vice President-North America Sales




Mr. Franz  von Holzhausen 
Chief Designer




Mr. James Rupert Murdoch 
Director




Ms. Linda Johnson Rice 
Director




Mr. Kimbal  Musk 
Director




Mr. Jonathan  McNeill 
President-Global Sales & Service




Mr. Eric  Branderiz 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Jeffrey K. Evanson 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Gabrielle B. Toledano 
Chief People Officer




Mr. Todd A. Maron 
General Counsel




Mr. Brad W. Buss 
Independent Director




Ms. Robyn M. Denholm 
Independent Director




Mr. Steve Tinklenberg Jurvetson 
Independent Director




Mr. Antonio J. Gracias 
Independent Director




Mr. Ira M. Ehrenpreis 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




11:19 PM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:00pSen. John McCain will return to D.C. for health-care vote
9:43pTrump jams with the Boy Scouts, but can’t decamp from politics
8:19pAlphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark
8:05pThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
8:04pIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
7:20pFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
7:02pMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
6:14pBitcoin platform scores key greenlight from Wall Street regulator
6:01pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog recap
5:48pIs Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?
5:16p30-year Treasury yield snaps six-day streak of declines
5:05pCompanies do better when CEO pay dwarfs average worker, study finds
5:04pAnadarko shares down 3% after company posts wider-than-expected loss
5:00pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
4:55pTrump Pushes GOP for Affordable Care Act Repeal
4:52pU.S. will go single-payer route on health care: Jimmy Carter
12:56pOpinion Journal: Congress's Russia Sanctions Calculus
12:55pOpinion Journal: Robert Mueller’s Power Play
12:52pOpinion Journal: Joseph Rago 
12:38pOpinion Journal: Americans Abroad: Beware  
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Board of Directors | Tesla Motors
































































Tesla













Mobile Menu















Investors 











Board of Directors









Elon Musk
Chairman, Product Architect and CEO
Read Bio 


Brad W. Buss
Director
Read Bio 


Robyn M. Denholm
Director
Read Bio 


Ira Ehrenpreis
Director
Read Bio 


Antonio J. Gracias
Director
Read Bio 


Steve Jurvetson
Director
Read Bio 


Kimbal Musk
Director
Read Bio 




Elon Musk
Chairman, Product Architect and CEO




	Elon co-founded Tesla and continues to oversee the company's product strategy -- including the design, engineering and manufacturing of more and more affordable electric vehicles for mainstream consumers. As Chairman and Product Architect, he helped design the ground-breaking Tesla Roadster, for which he won an Index and a Global Green award, the latter presented by Mikhail Gorbachev. In October 2008, he took on the additional responsibility of CEO, overseeing daily operations as the company was ramping up Roadster production and accelerating the development of its second vehicle, the Model S.

	Elon launched Tesla's regional sales and service centers across two continents and in May 2009 secured a $50 million investment and strategic partnership from Germany's Daimler. He spearheaded a successful cost-down program that enabled Tesla to achieve profitability in July 2009. He guides development of the Model S, the all-electric family sedan that is produced at the Tesla Factory in Northern California.

	Elon has been fascinated by electric cars for two decades. After earning bachelor's degrees in physics and business from the University of Pennsylvania, he worked briefly on ultracapacitors at Pinnacle Research in Silicon Valley to understand their potential as an energy storage mechanism for EVs. He planned to do graduate studies at Stanford in materials science and applied physics but put school on hold to start Internet companies Zip2 and PayPal. In addition to his Tesla duties, he serves as CEO and CTO of SpaceX, and he's Chairman of SolarCity.

Elon Musk interviews, articles, and blog posts



Back to Board of Directors 



Brad W. Buss
Director




	Brad W. Buss has served as a director since 2009. He retired as the Chief Financial Officer of SolarCity Corporation in February 2016 and prior to that role served as the Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation from 2005 to 2014. Mr. Buss also held prior financial leadership roles with Altera Corporation, Veba Electronics LLC and Wyle Electronics, Inc. Mr. Buss also serves as a director for Advance Auto Parts, Inc. and Cavium, Inc. Mr. Buss was born in Canada and  holds a B.A. in economics from McMaster University and an honors business administration degree, majoring in finance and accounting, from the University of Windsor.



Back to Board of Directors 



Robyn M. Denholm
Director




	Robyn M. Denholm has served as a director since August 2014. Since January 2017, Ms. Denholm has been Chief Operations Officer of Telstra Corporation Limited, a telecommunications company. Prior to Telstra, from August 2007 to February 2016, Ms. Denholm was with Juniper Networks, Inc., a manufacturer of networking equipment (“Juniper”), serving first as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and then as its Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Operations Officer. Prior to joining Juniper, Ms. Denholm served in various executive roles at Sun Microsystems, Inc. from January 1996 to August 2007. Ms. Denholm also served at Toyota Motor Corporation Australia for seven years and at Arthur Andersen & Company for five years in various finance assignments. From April 2016 until April 2017, Ms. Denholm was also a director of ABB Ltd. Ms. Denholm is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Australia and holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the University of Sydney and a Master’s degree in Commerce from the University of New South Wales.             

   Chair of the Audit Committee

   Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee

   Member of the Compensation Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Ira Ehrenpreis
Director




	Ira Ehrenpreis has been General Partner with Technology Partners since 1996. He leads the firm's Cleantech investment practice, investing in Energy Technology, Water Technology, and Advanced Materials opportunities.

	Ira is a recognized leader in both the venture capital industry and the Cleantech sector, and in 2007, was named one of the "Top 50 Most Influential Men Under 45" by Details Magazine. In the venture community, Ira serves on the Board and Executive Committee of the National Venture Capital Association (NVCA) and on the Board of the Western Association of Venture Capitalists (WAVC). Ira serves as Chairman of the 2010 NVCA Annual Meeting. He is also the Co-Chairman of both the VCNetwork and the YVCA, two non-profit organizations comprising more than 1,000 venture capitalists. In the Cleantech sector, Ira has served on several industry Boards, including the Clean-Tech Investor Summit (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, and 2010 Conference Chairman), Cleantech Venture Network (Past Chairman of Advisory Board), ACORE (American Council on Renewable Energy), Energy Investors Forum (Past Conference Chairman), Energy Venture Fair, and California Climate Change Advisory Board. He has also served on the Advisory Boards of the Southern California Tech Coast Alliance, Forum for Women Entrepreneurs (FWE), and the Comerica Venture Capital Advisory Board.

	Ira is also an active leader at Stanford University, where his contributions have included teaching the course on Venture Capital and serving on the Board of Visitors of Stanford Law School. Ira is also a Contributor to Nimmer on Copyright, the leading copyright treatise.

	Ira received his JD/MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business and Stanford Law School, where he was an Associate Editor of Stanford Law Review. He holds a B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles, graduating Phi Beta Kappa and Summa Cum Laude. Summa Cum Laude.

   Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee

   Chair of the Compensation Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Antonio J. Gracias
Director




	Mr. Gracias serves as Valor's Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Investment Committee. His duties include overall responsibility for the Firm's management, operations, and investing. These include but are not limited to: human resources, management of the Firm's board, raising capital, limited partner communication, deal generation, investment selection, investment strategy, investment committee management, transaction structuring, and portfolio company management and improvement.

	Mr. Gracias has over 15 years experience investing in a variety of sectors including private equity, public equity, and real estate transactions. Mr. Gracias is Valor's Founder and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to founding Valor in 2001, Mr. Gracias served as Founder and Managing Member of MG Capital from 1995 through 2000. MG Capital was a private equity firm headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. As the lead transaction principal, Mr. Gracias sourced investments in nine middle market manufacturing companies where MG Capital played the role of lead equity sponsor. He also sourced three non-lead investments in a diverse set of industries. Mr. Gracias served as the Chief Executive Officer of MG Capital's electronic connector holdings, Connector Service Corporation. He managed the company through growth from $10 million to $125 million in revenue before exiting the investment in 2001. In addition, Mr. Gracias served as Chief Executive Officer of Industrial Powder Coatings, Inc., a $65 million revenue supplier to the auto parts and appliance sectors. Prior to MG Capital, Mr. Gracias was an Associate with Goldman, Sachs & Co. in New York where he served the firm's institutional clients in the International Equity Division.

	Mr. Gracias is a member of the Commercial Club of Chicago, a member of the Board of Directors of the Grand Victoria Foundation, a member of the Board of Trustees of the Illinois Institute of Technology, a member of the Board of Directors of The Economic Club of Chicago, a Trustee of the Field Museum, and a member of the Board of Visitors of the University of Chicago Law School. Mr. Gracias received the 2008 Immigrant & Refugee Contributions Award for Entrepreneurial & Business Leadership from Changing Worlds, an educational arts non-profit organization. Mr. Gracias is a 2009 Henry Crown Fellow, an Aspen Institute program designed to engage the next generation of leaders in the challenge of community-spirited leadership. He is also a member of several Valor portfolio company boards.

	Mr. Gracias holds a joint B.S. and M.S.F.S. (honors degree) in International Finance and Economics from the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service. He also studied corporate structures and economic development at Waseda University in Tokyo, Japan. Prior to completing his Masters, Mr. Gracias returned to Japan as a Nikko Securities Fellow. Mr. Gracias holds a J.D. from the University of Chicago Law School. He is fluent in Spanish, proficient in Portuguese, and has a working knowledge of Japanese.

   Member of the Audit Committee

   Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee

   Member of the Compensation Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Steve Jurvetson
Director




	Steve Jurvetson is a managing director of Draper Fisher Jurvetson, a leading venture capital firm and one of the most active energy and clean tech investors, with affiliate offices around the world and $6 billion under management. Steve was the founding venture investor in Hotmail, Interwoven and Kana. He also led the firm's investments in Tradex and Cyras (acquired for $8 billion).

	Previously, he was an R&D engineer at Hewlett-Packard, where seven of his communications chip designs were fabricated. His prior technical experience also includes programming, materials science research and computer design at HP, the Center for Materials Research, and Mostek. He has also worked in product marketing at Apple and NeXT.

	At Stanford, he finished his bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering in 2-and-a-half years and graduated No. 1 in his class. He also received a master's of science degree in electrical engineering and a master's of business administration from Stanford, and he served as president of the Western Association of Venture Capitalists.

	He was honored as "The Valley's Sharpest VC" on the cover of Business 2.0 and chosen by Forbes as one of "Tech's Best Venture Investors," by the VC Journal as one of the "Ten Most Influential VCs", and by Fortune as part of their "Brain Trust of Top Ten Minds."

   Member of the Audit Committee



Back to Board of Directors 



Kimbal Musk
Director




	Kimbal Musk is Co-Founder of The Kitchen, a growing family of businesses that pursues an America where everyone has access to real food. Kimbal is a 2017 Social Entrepreneur by the Schwab Foundation, a sister organization to the World Economic Forum, for his impactful, scalable work to bring Real Food to Everyone. 

	His family of restaurant concepts serve real food at every price point. They source food from American farmers, stimulating the local farm economy to the tune of millions of dollars a year. His non-profit organization builds permanent, outdoor Learning Garden classrooms in underserved schools around the U.S. reaching over 125,000 students everyday. His urban, indoor vertical farming accelerator, seeks to empower thousands of young entrepreneurs to become real food farmers. 

	Kimbal is on the board for Chipotle, Tesla, and SpaceX. Follow him on Twitter @Kimbal and Instagram @KimbalMusk.



Back to Board of Directors 













Investors Overview


Investor Communication


Events & Presentations


Financials & Accounting


SEC Filings


Corporate Governance

Management
Board of Directors
Committee Composition
Contact the Board



IRS Form 8937


Stock Information

Historic Stock Lookup
Investment Calculator



Investor FAQs


Contact Investor Relations
















 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Printed Materials
Printed Materials
 
 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts
 
 
Downloads
Downloads
 
 
Snapshot
Snapshot
 


RSS
RSS
 
 
Print
Print
 
 
Email
Email
 

Search
Search




















 











Brad W. Buss - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Brad W. Buss
Board Member at Tesla


View Full Profile
Are you Brad W. Buss? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brad W. Buss's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brad W. Buss's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brad W. Buss's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brad W. Buss through your network of contacts.
												








Brad W. Buss's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Advance Auto Parts, Inc.


Board Member, 
Tesla


Board Member, 
Cavium, Inc.


Board Member, 
QLogic Corp.


Past
To view Brad W. Buss's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
53

 
 


Brad W. Buss's Biography



Brad W. Buss, age 53, has served as a director since July 2016. Mr. Buss was the Chief Financial Officer of SolarCity Corporation from 2014 until he retired in February 2016. Mr. Buss served as the Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation from 2005 to June 2014. Mr. Buss also held prior financial leadership roles with Altera Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc., Veba Electronics LLC and Wyle Electronics, Inc. Mr. Buss serves on the board of directors for Tesla Motors Inc. and Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Mr. Buss served on the board of directors of Caf�Press, Inc. from 200 ...
(Read More)

			Brad W. Buss, age 53, has served as a director since July 2016. Mr. Buss was the Chief Financial Officer of SolarCity Corporation from 2014 until he retired in February 2016. Mr. Buss served as the Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation from 2005 to June 2014. Mr. Buss also held prior financial leadership roles with Altera Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc., Veba Electronics LLC and Wyle Electronics, Inc. Mr. Buss serves on the board of directors for Tesla Motors Inc. and Advance Auto Parts, Inc. Mr. Buss served on the board of directors of Caf�Press, Inc. from 2007 until July 2016. Mr. Buss holds a B.A. in economics from McMaster University and an Honors Business Administration degree, majoring in finance and accounting, from the University of Windsor. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that Mr. Buss's experience as chief financial officer of public reporting companies as well as his experience in the semiconductor industry position him to contribute expertise to the Board of Directors. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that in addition to Mr. Buss's extensive chief financial officer experience, his service as a director of public reporting companies, including as a member of the audit committee of a public reporting company, is valuable in his position as a member of Cavium's Audit Committee.
		
Source: Cavium, Inc. on 04/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Brad W. Buss's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Brad W. Buss. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Brad W. Buss's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Brad W. Buss's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Brad W. Buss through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Brad W. Buss


















Brad W. Buss's Connections (146)





Sign up now to view Brad W. Buss's 146 connections »









Abdul Popal
Former Consultant, CafePress Inc.









Hassane El-Khoury
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









Dana C. Nazarian
Executive Vice President, Operations and Technology and Former Co-Chief Executive Officer, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









Cathal Phelan
Former Executive Vice President, Consumer and Computation Division, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









Thurman J. Rodgers
Board Member, Enphase Energy, Inc.









Donald Sherman
President and Chief Operating Officer, HubSpot, Inc.









Muhammad R. Hussain
Chief Operating Officer, Cavium, Inc.









James R. Long
Former Board Member, Cypress Semiconductor Corporation









Norman P. Taffe
Board Member, Integrated Device Technology, Inc.









Syed B. Ali
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, Cavium, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Brad W. Buss: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 11:19 PM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Cavium, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Brad W. Buss  Director, Cavium, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 7 Board Members in 7 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships53$281,932
Background

		Mr. Brad W. Buss served as an Advisor at SolarCity Corporation since February 10, 2016 until December 31, 2016. Mr. Buss has an extensive background in finance and operations. He has extensive experience in mergers and acquisitions, divesture transactions as well as various capital markets transactions for both public and private companies. Mr. Buss served as Chief Financial Officer of SolarCity Corporation from August 11, 2014 to February 10, 2016. He served as Secretary ... of Ramtron International Corp. since November 20, 2012. He served as an Advisor to the Board and the Chief Executive Officer at Cypress Semiconductor Corporation since September 1, 2014. Mr. Buss served as an Executive Vice President of Finance & Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation from August 15, 2005 to June 1, 2014 and served as its Principal Accounting Officer until June 1, 2014. Mr. Buss served as Corporate Secretary at Cypress Semiconductor Corporation since August 2005 until June 1, 2014. Prior to Cypress, he served as a Vice President of Finance at Altera Corp. with responsibility for global business unit finance, channel finance and financial planning and analysis. He served as a Senior Worldwide Finance Executive for Altera Corporation. He began his finance career as an Auditor with Arthur Andersen in Toronto and Los Angeles. He spent seven years as a Finance Executive with Wyle Electronics Inc. and served as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Atlas Services Division. He also served as a Senior Finance Manager of Cisco Systems in its Worldwide Sales Finance organization, where he focused on sales commitment tracking, reporting and compliance for service providers and enterprise customers. Mr. Buss served as the Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Senior Vice President of Finance of Zaffire, Inc. Mr. Buss also held prior financial leadership roles with Veba Electronics LLC. He serves as a Director of AgigA Tech, Inc., Silicon Light Machines and Comhear, Inc. He has been Director of QLogic Corp. since August 16, 2016 and Ramtron International Corp. since October 12, 2012. He has been an Independent Director at Tesla Motors, Inc. since November 2009 and Advance Auto Parts Inc. since March 7, 2016. He has been Director of Cavium, Inc. since July 22, 2016. He served as an Independent Director of CafePress Inc. from October 2007 to July 26, 2016. He served as a Member of Advisory board of Enmetric Systems, Inc. since October 15, 2013. He was an Adjunct Professor at Golden Gate University School of Business. Mr. Buss received his Bachelor or Arts in Economics from McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada and received an honors Business Administration Degree, majoring in finance and Accounting from the University of Windsor.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
2315 North First StreetSan Jose, California 95131United StatesPhone: 408-943-7100Fax: 408-577-1992
Board Members Memberships
DirectorAgigA Tech, Inc.DirectorComhear, Inc.2009-PresentDirectorTesla, Inc.2012-PresentDirectorRamtron International Corp.2016-PresentIndependent DirectorAdvance Auto Parts, Inc.2016-PresentDirectorQLogic Corp.2016-PresentDirectorCavium, Inc.
Education
BA McMaster UniversityUnknown/Other Education University of Windsor
Other Affiliations
Advance Auto Parts, Inc.Cypress Semiconductor CorporationCafePress Inc.Ramtron International Corp.QLogic Corp.Zaffire, Inc.McMaster UniversityUniversity of WindsorTesla, Inc.SolarCity CorporationAgigA Tech, Inc.Enmetric Systems, Inc.Comhear, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$57,292Total Calculated Compensation$281,932




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationG. Tyson Tuttle Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSilicon Laboratories Inc.$596.2KEyal  Waldman Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Executive DirectorMellanox Technologies, Ltd.$827.8KMohan R. Maheswaran Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorSemtech Corporation$598.8KGregory L. Waters Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorIntegrated Device Technology, Inc.$613.5KJohn  Croteau CEO, President & DirectorMACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.$611.5KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cavium, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Brad W Buss - Paso Robles, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Brad W Buss in Paso Robles, CA


Brad W Buss

                                                                           Intelius found that Brad W Buss  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Paso Robles, CA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Bradley W Buss


Get Report Now

Age

Brad W Buss is in his 50s

Brad Has Lived In

Paso Robles, CA
Campbell, CA
Trabuco Canyon, CA

Brad's Relatives

Debbie Buss
Harrison Buss







Brad W Buss



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderMale



Professional Status
Independent Director at Tesla Motors Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Brad? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Brad, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Brad W Buss
Get a Criminal Check on Brad W Buss
Get a Public Record Report on Brad W Buss
Get a People Search Report on Brad W Buss


Brad W Buss's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Brad W Buss has lived as well as Brad W Buss's phone numbers and email addresses.




Brad W Buss Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Brad W Buss


3773 L*** O** R* 

Paso Robles, CA


Has Lived In

Paso Robles, CA
Campbell, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Brad W Buss

(805) ***-**** - Paso Robles, CA 
(435) ***-**** - Park City, UT 
(408) ***-**** - San Jose, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Brad W Buss

b***s@***.com
b**d@***.com
b***s@***.com


Get Email Report




Brad W Buss's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Brad W Buss's academic history.  Find out which schools Brad W Buss attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Brad W Buss received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brad W Buss Has Attended 2 Schools
McMaster University Brad W Buss has a Bachelor's degree in Economics               
University of Windsor                              Brad W Buss has a Honors Business Administration degree in Finance and Accounting               


Brad W Buss's Professional Information
Information regarding Brad W Buss's professional history.  Find out previous places Brad W Buss has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Brad W Buss Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: Tesla Motors Inc
               Title: Independent Director
Company: Cypress Semiconductor
               Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Brad W Buss's Experience
Title: Independent Director
               Company: Tesla Motors Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
               Company: Cypress Semiconductor
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Brad W Buss

 See Brad W Buss's LinkedIn Profile



Brad W Buss's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Brad W Buss


Brad W Buss's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Brad W Buss's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Brad Buss
Username Matches

                  BradBuss
                  BussBrad
                  Brad.Buss
                  Buss.Brad
                  Brad_Buss
                  Buss_Brad
                  Brad-Buss
                  Buss-Brad
                  BBuss
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Buss







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 




Brad Buss - LEXINGTON,KY | brad buss | 30+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for brad buss









Results from US Search. Showing top 10 of 100+ results.






Premium Public Records for name Brad Buss found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Brad Buss and want to change or delete a record, please contact the provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people search results and upon optout with the provider, the results will disappear after few days.



FullNameAddress HistoryAliases
AgeRelativesMore Details
Brad D BussLOS GATOS, CA
6 Address(s) Found Los Gatos, CASaint Cloud, MNHutchinson, MNSan Francisco, CAMinneapolis, MNSausalito, CA
Bradley D Buss
Age: 45yrs.  
Fabian BussNancy Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad BussRICHBURG, SC
3 Address(s) Found Richburg, SCRock Hill, SCFort Lawn, SC
Bradley D Buss
Age: 44yrs.  
Brent BussMargarita BussMelissa Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad Charles BussFORT COLLINS, CO
5 Address(s) Found Fort Collins, COHouston, TXSioux Falls, SDHill City, SDRenner, SD
Bradley C Buss
Age: 37yrs.  
Annette BussClarence BussKaren BussLawrence BussGenna Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad Anderson BussBURKBURNETT, TX
7 Address(s) Found Burkburnett, TXIrving, TXLincoln, NEWichita Falls, TXPhiladelphia, PAGrapevine, TXYork, PA
Brad Buff
Age: 45yrs.  
Mitzie BussRobert BussLaura BussTed BussJanus Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad D BussDOVER, OH
3 Address(s) Found Dover, OHBrewster, OHNew Philadelphia, OH
Bradley David Buss
Age: 57yrs.  
Lilian BussMartha BussVictoria BussSandra BussDaniel Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad BussWAVERLY, IA
3 Address(s) Found Waverly, IACedar Falls, IATripoli, IA
Bradley A Buss
Age: 62yrs.  
Kara BussEmily JonesTheresa BussBrian Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad D BussMENDON, IL
6 Address(s) Found Mendon, ILQuincy, ILPayson, ILLoraine, ILCenter, MOMacOn, MO
Bradley D Buss
Age: 55yrs.  
Anthony BussAaron BussMandy BussChris BussLara Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad C BussARLINGTON, TX
7 Address(s) Found Arlington, TXMansfield, TXHouston, TXFort Worth, TXWichita Falls, TXKaty, TXSanford, NC
Bradley Curtis Buss
Age: 47yrs.  
Brandi BussMitzie BussMatthew BussMartin BussSharon Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad S BussFORT COLLINS, CO
4 Address(s) Found Fort Collins, COColorado Springs, COTelluride, COGrand Junction, CO
Bradley Stephen Buss
Age: 48yrs.  
Charles BussErika SummerleeJuanita FloresSarah BussMary Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad W BussSAN JOSE, CA
5 Address(s) Found San Jose, CAMilpitas, CAPark City, UTSaratoga, CAPaso Robles, CA
-
Age: 53yrs.  
Harrison BussDebbie Buss
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from PublicRecords360. Showing top 10 of 100+ results.






Premium Public Records for Brad Buss found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. People Finder Results may contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Brad Buss and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
SAN JOSE, CABrad W Buss
5 Address(s) Found San Jose,CAMilpitas,CAPark City,UTSaratoga,CAPaso Robles,CA
4 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 53yrs.  
Harrison BussDebbie Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
CAMPBELL, CABrad W Buss
5 Address(s) Found Campbell,CATrabuco Canyon,CAFoothill Ranch,CAHermosa Beach,CASan Jose,CA
6 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 53yrs.  
Debbie BussHarrison Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
JACKSONVILLE, ILBrad Buss
5 Address(s) Found Jacksonville,ILCarbondale,ILPaducah,KYGeorgetown,KYTampa,FL
5 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 45yrs.  
Robert BussCamron BussSelma BussSali BussPhillip Snawder
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
WAVERLY, IABrad Buss
3 Address(s) Found Waverly,IACedar Falls,IATripoli,IA
1 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 62yrs.  
Kara BussEmily JonesTheresa BussBrian Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
COLUMBIA, MOBrad A Buss
5 Address(s) Found Columbia,MOO Fallon,MOSaint Peters,MOSaint Louis,MOAddieville,IL
6 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 35yrs.  
Natalie BussJoann BussJames BussJennifer BussJulie Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
BURKBURNETT, TXBrad Anderson Buss
5 Address(s) Found Burkburnett,TXIrving,TXLincoln,NEWichita Falls,TXPhiladelphia,PA
8 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 45yrs.  
Mitzie BussRobert BussLaura BussTed BussJanus Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
FORT COLLINS, COBrad Charles Buss
5 Address(s) Found Fort Collins,COHouston,TXSioux Falls,SDHill City,SDRenner,SD
5 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 37yrs.  
Annette BussClarence BussKaren BussLawrence BussGenna Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
LOS GATOS, CABrad D Buss
5 Address(s) Found Los Gatos,CASaint Cloud,MNHutchinson,MNSan Francisco,CAMinneapolis,MN
5 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 45yrs.  
Fabian BussNancy Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
SAN DIEGO, CABrad J Buss
5 Address(s) Found San Diego,CAFountain Valley,CAMidway City,CAMission Viejo,CAWestminster,CA
2 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 54yrs.  
Dianne BussArlene BussValerie MillinLinus BussDee Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
DIVIDE, COBrad Buss
4 Address(s) Found Divide,COMonument,COColorado Springs,COParker,CO
5 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 59yrs.  
Antoinette BussDonald Buss
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>

Results from Intelius. Showing top 10 of 100+ results.






Premium Public Records for Brad Buss found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. The phone numbers related to Brad Buss found on InstantPeopleFinder.com originate in public phone directories such as white pages available on the internet. Find People Results may also contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Brad Buss and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
Brad BussLEXINGTON, KY
Lexington,KYLouisville,KYSaint Peters,MOSaint Louis,MOPaducah,KY
 **** 185 **** 127 **** 161 **** 160 **** 
Age: 45yrs.
Robert BussCamron BussSelma BussSali BussPhillip Snawder
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad W BussPASO ROBLES, CA
Paso Robles,CASaratoga,CAPark City,UTSan Jose,CAPalo Alto,CA
180 **** 143 **** 140 **** 165 **** 140 **** 
Age: 53yrs.
Debbie BussHarrison Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad A BussSAINT PETERS, MO
Saint Peters,MOO Fallon,MOAddieville,ILSaint Louis,MOColumbia,MO
163 **** 161 **** 131 **** 157 **** 163 **** 
Age: 35yrs.
Natalie BussJoann BussJames BussJennifer BussJulie Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad Anderson BussROANOKE, TX
Roanoke,TXWichita Falls,TXGrapevine,TXYork,PAKeller,TX
194 **** 171 **** 168 **** 181 **** 181 **** 191 **** 194 **** 140 **** 
Age: 45yrs.
Mitzie BussRobert BussLaura BussTed BussJanus Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad D BussSAUSALITO, CA
Sausalito,CASan Francisco,CAMinneapolis,MNLos Gatos,CAHutchinson,MN
141 **** 121 **** 141 **** 140 **** 161 **** 
Age: 45yrs.
Fabian BussNancy Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad Charles BussFORT COLLINS, CO
Fort Collins,COHouston,TXRenner,SDHill City,SDSioux Falls,SD
128 **** 128 **** 160 **** 160 **** 160 **** 
Age: 37yrs.
Annette BussClarence BussKaren BussLawrence BussGenna Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad J BussSAN DIEGO, CA
San Diego,CAWestminster,CAMission Viejo,CAMidway City,CAFountain Valley,CA
171 **** 185 **** 
Age: 54yrs.
Dianne BussArlene BussValerie MillinLinus BussDee Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad W BussPASO ROBLES, CA
Paso Robles,CASaratoga,CAPark City,UTMilpitas,CASan Jose,CA
180 **** 143 **** 140 **** 185 **** 
Age: 53yrs.
Harrison BussDebbie Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad BussWAVERLY, IA
Waverly,IATripoli,IACedar Falls,IA
131 **** 
Age: 62yrs.
Kara BussEmily JonesTheresa BussBrian Buss
Get People Search Report  >>

Brad L BussBROOKLYN, MD
Brooklyn,MDPasadena,MDGlen Burnie,MD
141 ****  **** 
Age: 52yrs.
Karsyn ChannelsKristin Channels
Get People Search Report  >>



Public Comments for brad buss. 






Public comments related to name Brad Buss are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Brad Buss





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Brad Buss - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-22-2017 07-21-2017 07-20-2017 07-19-2017 07-18-2017 07-17-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Brad Buss - LEXINGTON,KY | brad buss | 30+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for brad buss are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for brad buss are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.















