

Butts, Lampkin - Laurel, MS - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MS



Laurel



Legal Services



General Practice Attorney, Lawyer



                            Butts, Lampkin
                                    



 





















B 


Butts, Lampkin
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



811 W 5TH ST LAUREL, MS 39440
Get Directions



(601) 425-5291





Business Info



 Founded 1948
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $78,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries General Practice Attorney, Lawyer
 Contacts Lampkin Butts







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Butts, Lampkin was founded in 1948, and is located at 811 W 5th St in Laurel. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







SAFM Lampkin Butts Insider Trades for Sanderson Farms Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Sanderson Farms Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SAFM
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Sanderson Farms Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


SAFM

/quotes/zigman/77657/composite


$
119.67




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 4,603
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/77657/composite
Today's close

$
			118.76
		


$
				119.67
			
Change

+0.91
+0.77%





Day low
Day high
$118.79
$120.73










52 week low
52 week high

            $74.07
        

            $129.50
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Lampkin Butts



Mr. Lampkin Butts is President, Chief Operating Officer & Director at Sanderson Farms, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Sanderson Farms, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Mississippi.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





11/01/2013
3,915


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $65.63 per share.


256,942


10/23/2013
8,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/14/2013
2,300


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


06/13/2013
400


 
Disposition at $70.01 per share.


28,004


06/13/2013
13


 
Disposition at $70.02 per share.


911


06/13/2013
450


 
Disposition at $70.04 per share.


31,518


06/13/2013
12


 
Disposition at $70.06 per share.


841


06/13/2013
262


 
Disposition at $70.11 per share.


18,369


06/13/2013
100


 
Disposition at $70.15 per share.


7,015


06/13/2013
100


 
Disposition at $70.16 per share.


7,016


06/13/2013
202


 
Disposition at $70.17 per share.


14,175


06/13/2013
9,361


 
Disposition at $70 per share.


655,270


06/13/2013
100


 
Disposition at $70.21 per share.


7,021


06/12/2013
700


 
Disposition at $71.2 per share.


49,840


06/12/2013
1,100


 
Disposition at $71.21 per share.


78,331


06/12/2013
2,000


 
Disposition at $71.23 per share.


142,460


06/12/2013
900


 
Disposition at $71.24 per share.


64,116


06/12/2013
400


 
Disposition at $71.25 per share.


28,500


06/12/2013
600


 
Disposition at $71.25 per share.


42,750


06/12/2013
600


 
Disposition at $71.27 per share.


42,762


06/12/2013
400


 
Disposition at $71.28 per share.


28,512


06/12/2013
996


 
Disposition at $71 per share.


70,716


06/12/2013
4


 
Disposition at $71.01 per share.


285


06/12/2013
200


 
Disposition at $71.02 per share.


14,204


06/12/2013
600


 
Disposition at $71.02 per share.


42,612


06/12/2013
200


 
Disposition at $71.03 per share.


14,206


06/12/2013
800


 
Disposition at $71.03 per share.


56,824


06/12/2013
100


 
Disposition at $71.2 per share.


7,120


06/12/2013
400


 
Disposition at $71.29 per share.


28,516


01/29/2013
4,513


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $50.65 per share.


228,584


12/31/2012
56


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $47.55 per share.


2,663


09/30/2012
63


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $44.37 per share.


2,796





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Joe Frank Sanderson 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Lampkin  Butts 
President, Chief Operating Officer & Director




Mr. D. Michael Cockrell 
CFO, Treasurer, Director & Head-Investor Relations




Ms. Suzanne T. Mestayer 
Director




Mr. John C. Bierbusse 
Director




Mr. Timothy F. Rigney 
Secretary, Chief Accounting Officer & Controller




Ms. Robin  Robinson 
Director-Corporate Communications




Ms. Jennifer  Buster 
Manager-Human Resources




Ms. Toni D. Cooley 
Independent Director




Mr. Robert C. Khayat 
Independent Director




Ms. Dianne A. Mooney 
Independent Director




Mr. Fred L. Banks 
Independent Director




Ms. Gail Jones Pittman 
Independent Director




Dr. Beverly Wade Hogan 
Independent Director




Mr. John H. Baker 
Independent Director




Mr. Phil K. Livingston 
Lead Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




5:55 PM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:54pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
5:48pIs Kushner's Statement a Turning Point for Trump Team?
5:35pIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
5:16p30-year Treasury yield snaps six-day streak of declines
5:05pCompanies do better when CEO pay dwarfs average worker, study finds
5:04pAnadarko shares down 3% after company posts wider-than-expected loss
5:00pAlphabet falls after earnings beat: Live blog
4:55pTrump Pushes GOP for Affordable Care Act Repeal
4:52pU.S. will go single-payer route on health care: Jimmy Carter
4:48pThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
4:45pNasdaq closes at record as tech stocks shake off broader weakness
4:41pWatch out for these surprise charges at the ER
4:35pHere’s a sign investors are viewing earnings through rose-tinted glasses
4:34pMcDonald’s earnings: Sales expected to be boosted by menu, franchisee changes
4:31pTrump Today: President asks why ‘beleaguered’ Sessions isn’t probing Clinton    
4:23pArgentina ETF sees steep outflows amid strong gains
12:56pOpinion Journal: Congress's Russia Sanctions Calculus
12:55pOpinion Journal: Robert Mueller’s Power Play
12:52pOpinion Journal: Joseph Rago 
12:38pOpinion Journal: Americans Abroad: Beware  
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Lampkin  Butts - Laurel, MS | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Lampkin  Butts in Laurel, MS


Lampkin  Butts

                                                                           Intelius found that Lampkin  Butts  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Laurel, MS.  We have connected them to
                17 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Lampkin J Butts
Lampkin A Butts


Get Report Now

Age

Lampkin  Butts is in his 60s

Lampkin Has Lived In

Laurel, MS
Jackson, MS
Birmingham, AL

Lampkin's Relatives

Stephanie Butts
Casey Butts
Lauren Butts
Susan Butts







Lampkin  Butts



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
President and Coo at Sanderson Farms Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Lampkin? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Lampkin, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Lampkin  Butts
Get a Criminal Check on Lampkin  Butts
Get a Public Record Report on Lampkin  Butts
Get a People Search Report on Lampkin  Butts


Lampkin  Butts's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Lampkin  Butts has lived as well as Lampkin  Butts's phone numbers and email addresses.




Lampkin  Butts Has Lived in 4 States
Mississippi Address for Lampkin  Butts


623 C***** L* 

Laurel, MS


Has Lived In

Laurel, MS
Jackson, MS


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Lampkin  Butts

(601) ***-**** - Laurel, MS 
(601) ***-**** - Laurel, MS 
(202) ***-**** - Washington, DC 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Lampkin  Butts

l****s@***.com
l****s@***.org
l****s@***.com


Get Email Report




Lampkin  Butts's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Lampkin  Butts's academic history.  Find out which schools Lampkin  Butts attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Lampkin  Butts received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Lampkin  Butts Has Attended 2 Schools
University of Mississippi Lampkin  Butts has a Bachelor's degree in Marketing and Sales Management               
Watkins High School               1965 – 1969                              


Lampkin  Butts's Professional Information
Information regarding Lampkin  Butts's professional history.  Find out previous places Lampkin  Butts has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Lampkin  Butts Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: Sanderson Farms Inc
               Title: President and Coo
Company: Sanderson Farms Inc
               Title: President
Lampkin  Butts's Experience
Title: President and Coo
               Company: Sanderson Farms Inc
Job Details

Title: President
               Company: Sanderson Farms Inc
Job Details
               Sanderson Farms, Inc., founded in 1947, is engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared food items. Employing more than 12,000 employees in operations spanning five states and 13 different cities, Sanderson Farms is the third largest poultry producer in the United States. As a company, Sanderson Farms is committed to adopting a fresh approach in everything that we do. Not only where products are concerned, but companywide as well. Though the company has grown in size, it still adheres to the same hometown values of honesty, integrity and innovation that were established when the Sanderson family founded the company back in 1947.
Additional Professional Information on Lampkin  Butts

 See Lampkin  Butts's LinkedIn Profile



Lampkin  Butts's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Lampkin  Butts


Lampkin  Butts's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Lampkin  Butts's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Lampkin Butts
Username Matches

                  LampkinButts
                  ButtsLampkin
                  Lampkin.Butts
                  Butts.Lampkin
                  Lampkin_Butts
                  Butts_Lampkin
                  Lampkin-Butts
                  Butts-Lampkin
                  LButts
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
L Butts







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


























Board of Directors | Sanderson Farms

































































Consumer
Investors
Facebook
Linkedin














Sanderson Farms



Careers

Open Positions
Trainee Program
Students
Benefits
Growers


Products

Product Info
Export Info


About Us

History, Values & Mission
Board of Directors
Plant Locations
Giving Back


News & Media
 


 
 
 






Board of Directors


 




John H. Baker, III
John H. Baker, III has been the sole proprietor of John H. Baker Interests, a real estate and development company in Houston, Texas, since 1968.




Fred Banks, Jr.
Fred Banks, Jr. has been a partner in the General Litigation Group in the Jackson, Mississippi office of the law firm of Phelps Dunbar LLP since 2001. From 1991 to 2001, he was a justice of the Mississippi Supreme Court, and at the time of his retirement from the court in 2001, he was serving as presiding justice. Prior to serving on the Mississippi Supreme Court, Mr. Banks served as a circuit judge in Hinds and Yazoo counties of Mississippi for six years. From 1976 until 1985, he served in the Mississippi House of Representatives.




John Bierbusse
John Bierbusse was employed by Duff and Phelps, Corp. from 1981 to 1987, and by A.G. Edwards from 1987 to 2004. Mr. Bierbusse served as Assistant Manager of Securities Research between 1999 and 2002 at A.G. Edwards, and as manager of Research Administration from 2002 until his retirement in 2004. Mr. Bierbusse also served on the New York Stock Exchange’s Series 16 Test Committee from 2002 to 2007 and on the New York Stock Exchange’s Research Analyst Qualification Examination Committee from 2003 to 2007. Mr. Bierbusse has been a Chartered Financial Analyst since 1987 and is currently retired.




Lampkin Butts
Lampkin Butts served from 1996 to 2004 as Vice President of Sales for the company. On October 21, 2004, Mr. Butts was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of the company. Mr. Butts is a member of the company’s Executive Committee, which is a management committee, not a committee of directors.




Mike Cockrell
Mike Cockrell has served since 1993 as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer for the company. Prior to 1993, Mr. Cockrell was a shareholder and member of the law firm Wise Carter Child & Caraway, Professional Association, of Jackson, Mississippi. Mr. Cockrell is a member of the company’s Executive Committee, which is a management committee, not a committee of directors.




Toni D. Cooley
Toni D. Cooley has served as President of Systems Consultants Associates, Inc., a management training and consulting firm established with the express purpose of assisting Jackson, Mississippi-based minority firms with capacity building, since 1993. Ms. Cooley has also been President of Systems Electro Coating, LLC, a tier one supplier to Nissan of electrocoated frames and other vehicle components, since 2001. Ms. Cooley is also co-owner of Systems IT, Inc., a new horizon computer learning center in Jackson, Mississippi. From 1992 to 1993, Ms. Cooley worked as an International Contract Administrator for the international sales team of the former Turner Broadcasting Systems.




Beverly Hogan
Beverly Hogan has served since May 2002 as President of Tougaloo College in Jackson, Mississippi. Prior to becoming President of Tougaloo College, Dr. Hogan served for one year as Interim President. Prior to that, she served for ten years as a Commissioner for the Mississippi Workers’ Compensation Commission.




Robert C. Khayat
Robert C. Khayat has served as the Chancellor of the University of Mississippi since July 1995. Prior to that time he served the university in various capacities, including Professor of Law at the University of Mississippi School of Law from 1982 to 1995. Mr. Khayat serves on the Board of Directors of Mississippi Power Company, a subsidiary of the Southern Company, and Mississippi Valley Title Insurance Company.




Phil K. Livingston
Phil K. Livingston served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Citizens National Bancshares, Inc. in Hammond, Louisiana, from its organization in 1983 until its merger into Deposit Guaranty Corporation on May 19, 1995. Mr. Livingston retired in 1998 but served as a banking consultant to AmSouth Corporation from his retirement until 2001.




Dianne Mooney
Dianne Mooney served as Senior Vice President of Southern Living at Home, a direct sales division of Southern Progress Corporation, from 1999 until her retirement in 2007. She founded Southern Living at Home in 1999. Prior to that time, she was an employee of Southern Progress Corporation for over thirty years in various positions, including Vice President of Business Development and Vice President of Custom Publishing.




Gail Jones Pittman
Gail Jones Pittman has served, since its founding in 1979, as Chief Executive Officer of Gail Pittman, Inc., a Ridgeland, Mississippi-based business creating individually hand-painted, semi-vitreous china dinnerware and home accessories.




Joe F. Sanderson, Jr.
Joe F. Sanderson, Jr. served as President of the company from November 1, 1989, to October 21, 2004, and has served as Chief Executive Officer since November 1, 1989, and as Chairman of the Board of Directors since January 8, 1998. Mr. Sanderson continues to serve as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Sanderson is a member of the Company’s Executive Committee, which is a management committee, not a committee of directors.



 
 
 
 
 




Eat and exercise your way to a healthier you.


Get Going






 



















Management - Sanderson Farms, Inc.

























































Consumer
Facebook
Linkedin














Sanderson Farms




Press  Releases
Events &  Presentations
Corporate  Governance
Stock Information
FAQ
Contact  Us













Related Links







Annual Meeting


Annual Reports, Proxy and other SEC filings




Toolbar



Briefcase
Printed Materials
Email Alerts
Downloads
Snapshot
RSS
Print
Share






Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS














Stock Quote


NASDAQ: SAFM
119.67
+ 0.91 (+0.77%)
Volume: 185,131 Day Range: 118.79-120.73 Year Range: 74.07-129.50
4:00 PM ET on Jul 24, 2017
Delayed at least 20 minutes.








Management




 Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board
	





 Mike Cockrell
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, Board Member
	






 Tim Rigney 
Secretary and Chief Accounting Officer
	





 Lampkin Butts
President, Chief Operating Officer and Board Member
	




















 Sanderson Farms' (SAFM) CEO Joe Sanderson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Sanderson Farms' (SAFM) CEO Joe Sanderson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.25.17 | About: Sanderson Farms, (SAFM) Sanderson Farms, Inc. (NASDAQ:SAFM)
Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 25, 2017 11:00 am ET
Executives
Joe F. Sanderson Jr. - CEO and Chairman
Mike Cockrell - Treasurer and CFO
Lampkin Butts - President and COO
Analysts
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc.
Ken Goldman - JP Morgan
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets
Michael Piken - Cleveland Research
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs
Heather Jones - The Vertical Group
Francesco Pellegrino - Sidoti & Company
Akshay Jagdale - Jefferies
Brett Andress - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator
Good day and welcome to the Sanderson Farms, Inc. Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Joe Sanderson. Please go ahead, sir.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Sanderson Farms second quarter conference call. We issued a news release this morning announcing net income of $66.9 million or $2.94 per share for our second fiscal quarter of 2017. This compares to net income of $47.6 million or $2.11 per share during last year's second quarter. I will begin the call with some general observations, but before I do, I will ask Mike to give the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements.
Mike Cockrell
Thank you, Joe, and good morning everyone. This morning's call will contain forward-looking statements about the business, financial condition, and prospects of the Company. The actual performance of the Company could differ materially from that indicated by our forward-looking statements because of various risks and uncertainties.
These risks and uncertainties are described in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in the Company's quarterly report on Form 10-Q, filed this morning with the SEC in connection with our second quarter, and in our press release published this morning. These documents are available on our Web-site at sandersonfarms.com if you need access to them.
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made this morning, as these statements speaks only as of today. We undertake no obligation to update or to revise our forward-looking statements. External factors affecting our business, such as feed grain cost, market prices for poultry meat, and the health of the economy, among others, may be different tomorrow and our view today may be different from a few days from now.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Thank you, Mike. Benign grain cost, continued strong demand for chicken at retail grocery stores, higher volumes and improved export markets drove our results during our second fiscal quarter. Our sales volume in fresh and frozen chicken was up by 11.5% compared to last spring's volume and reflects outstanding yields and new production in Palestine and St. Pauls.
Our feed cost per pound of fresh chicken processed was essentially flat during the quarter compared to last year's second quarter, while our average net sales price per pound of chicken sold was up by 5%. Market prices continued to reflect good demand for chicken.
In addition to strong demand at retail grocery stores, market prices for chicken wings improved counter seasonally during the quarter. Boneless breast meat prices made a move up in April and have continued to move higher in May. While export market headwinds remained, including politics, economic factors and the strength of the U.S. dollar, export demand continued to improve this spring.
The relative strength of the U.S. dollar continues as a headwind. Politics still impact our relationship with China but we are hopeful that will change. Finally, while oil prices remain relatively low, they have moved above their bottom, giving more buying power to countries heavily dependent on oil revenue to fuel their economy. Some export partners who typically look to the EU for chicken have increased purchases from the United States as a result of the presence of avian influenza in Europe.

As a result of these improvements, leg quarter market prices moved higher as we moved through the quarter and leg quarter inventories remained manageable. These favorable trends, should they continue, should support prices over the short term.
Prices paid for feed grains were higher during the quarter compared to last year's second fiscal quarter, but improved feed conversion rates and feed formulation adjustments allowed us to partially offset those higher prices. In my view, grain prices still don't reflect the ample worldwide supply of grain and as a result we remain close to the market.
Planting progress in the United States remained slightly below historical averages, but time remains to get seeds in the ground. Getting acres planted doesn't mean a lot for future grain prices and feed costs, but it is a necessary first step in realizing a good crop.
That said, we have priced little of our needs past next week, and given where future prices closed yesterday on the Chicago Board of Trade, had we priced all of our needs through the end of fiscal year at yesterday's close, cash corn and soybean meal prices during fiscal 2017 would be $24.5 million higher than a year ago. These numbers do not include the additional volume of grain we will need to purchase this year to feed the additional chickens we have on the ground in Palestine and St. Pauls. These higher costs would translate into a very slight increase in feed cost per pound of chicken processed for the year.
In addition to our cost, we will be closely watching the chicken market and production numbers. Weekly exits over the past few weeks continue to trend a bit above a year ago and pullet placements continue to run slightly ahead of year ago numbers. However, hatch rates are lower. It appears I might finally be right in my prediction that live weights are levelling off.
Through March, our industry processed 1.9% more ahead and live weights have been essentially flat with last year. The current USDA estimate for 2% more broiler meat during calendar 2017 when compared to 2016 seems reasonable, but could prove to be higher should hatch rates and live weights continue to trend lower. Despite higher production, per capita availability of chickens to domestic consumers is up less than 0.5% as a result of higher export volume.
I'm pleased to report that the startup of our new St. Pauls, North Carolina facility continues to go well and we expect to reach full production in St. Pauls during our first fiscal quarter of 2018. The successful startup reflects the success in our training program, which prepare young managers to run the new operation. We continue to train managers to start operations at our next new facilities in Tyler, Texas. Construction is scheduled to begin there in our third fiscal quarter and we plan to open the new facilities during our first fiscal quarter of 2019.
At this point, I'll turn the call over to Lampkin for a more detailed discussion of the market and our operations during the quarter.
Lampkin Butts
Thank you, Joe, and good morning everyone. As Joe mentioned, overall market prices for poultry products were higher during the quarter when compared to our second quarter last year. Market prices for chicken products sold to retail grocery store customers remained relatively strong during the quarter and continued to reflect good demand.
Bulk leg quarter prices were higher for the quarter compared to last year's second quarter for reasons described by Joe, averaging $0.344 per pound during our second quarter this year compared to $0.294 per pound last year. Through March, industry export volumes were up approximately 8.7% for calendar 2017 compared to last year, and export values were higher by 9.4%. Leg quarter prices improved during our second quarter by 18.7% compared to our first quarter. The current unabated bulk leg quarter is $0.38 per pound.

Prices for jumbo wings were higher during our second fiscal quarter than last year's second quarter. Jumbo wings averaged $1.79 per pound, up 5.1% from the average of $1.71 per pound during last year's second quarter. The current unabated quote for jumbo wings is $2.01 per pound.
Boneless breast prices improved during April and have continued to move higher in May. Market prices were higher on average by 9.1% compared to the second quarter a year ago. The second quarter's average unabated price was $1.28 per pound. Today, the unabated quoted market for jumbo boneless breast is $1.72 per pound. The overall result of these market price changes was an increase of $0.035 per pound in our average sales price per pound of chickens sold.
We sold 1.036 billion pounds of poultry during the second quarter, an increase from the 928.9 million pounds sold during last year's second quarter. We processed 1.037 billion pounds of breast poultry during the quarter, up 9.6% from the 945.8 million pounds we processed during last year's second quarter. We previously projected we would process 1 billion pounds during the quarter, and higher than projected yields and 17 million pounds processed on House of Raeford birds, offset by slightly lower live weights than originally projected, made up the difference from our projection.
We now expect to process approximately 4.23 billion pounds of fresh chicken this fiscal year, an increase of approximately 12.4% compared to fiscal 2016. We estimate we will process approximately 1.083 billion pounds in our third fiscal quarter and approximately 1.129 billion pounds during our fourth quarter. We have factored into these estimates a lower target live weight, the improved yields in live bird performance we have experienced the past two quarters, as well as the birds we will process for House of Raeford. Both of these estimates could be impacted by weather, bird performance and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
Results and margins at our prepared food plant improved during the second quarter compared to the second quarter last year, and we expect further improvement during the second half of the year. We sold 42.9 million pounds of processed chicken at our prepared chicken plant during the first half of this year compared to 44.7 million pounds through the first half of last year. The average sales price through the first half of the year decreased $0.012 per pound compared to last year.
Both live production and our processing plants have performed very well versus the industry peers during the first half of the year. We certainly have opportunities that we are anxious to capture, but I've been pleased with our operations.
At this point, I'll turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Cockrell
Thank you, Lampkin. The 15.9% increase in net sales for the quarter to $802 million from $692.1 million last year was the result of the increase in sales price per pound described by Lampkin and the increase in pounds of poultry products sold described by Joe.
The increase in our cost of sales for the quarter ended April 30 as compared to the same three months last year was a result of an increase in pounds of poultry products sold of 106.7 million pounds or 11.5%, partially offset by the 1.2% decrease in prepared chicken sold.
The $19.4 million increase in SG&A expenses for the first half of the year reflects increased accruals for advertising and marketing expenses, higher trainee cost, higher legal fees attributable to litigation and start up cost of St. Pauls.
During the first fiscal quarter ended January 31 of this year, the Company determined that achievement of the applicable performance space criteria for the performance shares granted November 1, 2015 was probable. Accordingly, the quarter and year to date numbers both reflect compensation expense of $1.2 million and $4.5 million respectively related to those agreements.

As we move through the third quarter, management will continue to evaluate the probability of an ESOP accrual and a bonus accrual. The probability of reaching $10.96 per share, which is the threshold target under the earnings per share bonus award program, is difficult to assess with only two quarters under our belt, but it will become clearer as we move through the summer.
Recall that if we accrue a probable ESOP contribution, that amount will be approximately 4% to 4.5% of gross profit and will be required to accrue three quarters of any expected liability in our third quarter. For the third and fourth quarters, I have $43 million and $45 million respectively in my model for SG&A. These numbers reflect startup cost at Tyler, with advertising, trainee cost, legal fees and stock compensation expense remaining fairly steady with the first two quarters. These numbers reflect no ESOP and no bonus accrual.
Based solely on what we know today, a $10 million accrual for the ESOP might be reasonable in the third quarter, but again, it's too early to determine whether o not a bonus accrual is probable. But to put some numbers around a potential bonus accrual, while we determined that hitting the threshold earnings per share target under our bonus award program was probable, that's $10.96 a share, it would cost right at $1.5 million. If we hit the top target of $12.02 per share, that would cost $31 million. The midpoint of $11.50 would be a $16 million accrual.
The Company's effective tax rate for the quarter and the first six months ended April 30, 2017 was 35% and for the balance of the year we continue to model that same 35%. We now expect to spend approximately $156.9 million on CapEx during the fiscal 2017 and have spent $96.6 million through the first half of the year. Of this total, $24.2 million was in St. Pauls. We intend to use cash on hand and cash flows to fund the balance of our capital budgets. Our depreciation and amortization for the first half of the year was $46.9 million and we now expect approximately $98.7 million for the full year.
Before opening the call for questions, I want to mention that we will host our Annual Investor Conference in New Orleans again this fall. The conference will open with dinner Thursday night at the same venue as always and the conference will start at 8 o'clock Friday morning, October 13th. The conference will be at the Monteleone this year and dinner on Thursday night at I said would be in the same spot. We hope many of you will join us in New Orleans for the conference and we will send information out and post it to our Web-site very soon, but for now please mark the date.
Katie, that's our prepared remarks, if you want to open it up for questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Farha Aslam. Farha, please go ahead.
Farha Aslam
Congratulations on the very strong quarter. Question about bird weight and production, and clearly profitability in the industry is very strong, [indiscernible] were being held up by the bird weight issue and the performance of the current breed, could you share with us how long you anticipate that issue to continue, and kind of as you go forward longer-term, how do you think the industry will respond to the very good profit level?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
We have anecdotal data about bird weight, mainly from Urner Barry. Urner Barry is writing and talking about lower bird weights. We have seen flat bird weight from USDA for January/February/March, they are flat. And Urner Barry is talking about lighter bird weights and he has more access to processors than we do. And we know we have brought our bird weights in our big bird plants down from 9.5 to 9 to try to address woody breast.

We think the industry or some in the industry has done the same thing and we can see in agro stats there are no more 10 pound birds. And that's how we can see it. And it looks like the average weight in the deboning market segment is down some, and that's all we know right now.
We also can look at USDA statistics and see that the average hatchability is down 1% from a year ago. You can see the exits running about 2.5% ahead of a year ago, but the chick placements are 1.5% ahead of a year ago. So it looks like the flock is older and it's not hatching as well.
My expectations would be to address that issue is for pullet placements at some point to go up a little bit to address that issue, but not a lot because I think the industry is pretty close to processing capacity. So that's what I think.
Farha Aslam
That's helpful.
Lampkin Butts
This is Lampkin. We have seen some USDA numbers that show that number of hen being processed 8 pounds and up is down 9% and then the 6.5 to 8 are up 10%. So we do know that that many hen have shifted down into that less than 7.75 pound weight.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
And we think that that's woody breast.
Farha Aslam
Okay, so that's the breast issue. Okay, and then if we think about China, there is talk about a Chinese delegation coming to U.S. kind of midyear to look at plants, et cetera. In terms of the timing of China opening up to [indiscernible] poultry and what that would do to Sanderson's earnings?
Lampkin Butts
It's our understanding that China has a delegation coming in June, primarily to discuss and look at regionalization of the United States for something like avian influenza. I think they've got to come in June and come back in September, but that AI ban was implemented in January of 2015 and we have not been optimistic until now, that that might be lifted. I don't know when, but f we are successful, it will probably be this fall, but first time we have been optimistic since January 15.
When we lost that market, it was pretty [indiscernible], it was costing us $4.3 million a year. The markets that we see that we are missing out on are still right at $4 million a month.
Farha Aslam
So, $4.3 million a month if China opens up?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
It's about $4 million a month now. When you add at our new production in, pre-tax.
Farha Aslam
I'm sorry, so it was $4.3 million before and then if we add your new production, that we add another $4 million?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
No, no. The market is different today than it was, then we don't know what the market is going to be when the market opens back up. The market today reflects going through Hong Kong. And so, we don't know, we have no idea of what the market is going to be like if China opens when we don't know about a tariff. So, we don't know, it could be – it was $4.3 million but we had new production, additional production, and we can say what it was when we left.
Lampkin Butts
What we see is just a net dock. We have no idea of the expense that the industry…
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
We are not going through [indiscernible]. We are not doing that right now.
Lampkin Butts
I think that's a very conservative number.
Farha Aslam
Okay, so $4.3 million a month would be a conservative number, or roughly $4 million?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Yes.
Farha Aslam
Okay, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Ken Goldman of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ken Goldman
Two for me if I can, just if you could get a little bit of an update or if we can get a little bit of an update on your latest thoughts on tray pack pricing, what your customer are basing it on, are you still basing it off the last Georgia Dock price, I'm not sure if you had addressed that previously, how accurate do you think the new Urner Barry price is, just a little more color there would be I think helpful?

Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Most of our customers are still offered the last published Georgia Dock, which is 109.75. Now that's their base price and then a lot of them have sale prices that are agreed-upon whenever their contract will sign. Some of them have sale prices that are based off the Urner Barry prices, that are as you know going up every day now. And then some of them have negotiated sale prices. As we said, I believe – when did we describe, was it December or February when we described how much of our product is based off the Georgia Dock?
Lampkin Butts
That was in February.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
February. About 10% of our sales are actually based off Georgia Dock.
Lampkin Butts
About half of our tray-pack.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
A half of our tray-pack in terms of our sales are based off the Georgia Dock. In addition to that, we have gone out to our customers in the last month and asked for a raise because if there were a Georgia Dock, it would be going up right now and everybody knows it, and we have been successful in some places, in some places they said we are going to stick by our contract and use the Georgia Dock the last one that was published. But we have gotten some increases for the summertime from some of our accounts.
We believe that we and our customers are going to have to look at the new Urner Barry for a while before everybody is comfortable with it. We ask Urner Barry to do this, to publish these numbers, but we think it will be the first of next year probably before everybody has seen it enough. It looks pretty good to me, but we think it will be next year before everybody's seen enough of it to become comfortable with it.
Ken Goldman
Okay, that is very helpful, thank you for that. And then my quick follow-up is, wholesale beef prices have risen, I know you don't sell any beef obviously but you certainly track your competitive products, you're talking about chicken prices, maybe not across the board going up on the tray pack side and the wholesale side, but certainly in that direction. What are you seeing in terms of your customers' reactions, because we are hearing certain comments out there, I'll leave it at that, that maybe retailers are pushing back harder than usual, not passing through as much pricing, maybe pushing back like I said on their vendors, how would you describe the retail environment in terms of both accepting price increases and then passing them on to consumers, at least in the narrow area that you guys track?
Lampkin Butts
Ken, we are not having any unusual pushback. Of course, our customers that are on the Georgia Dock have been [indiscernible] with that part of their program as flat, but no unusual pushback. The only thing I'm aware of is that the retailers, they have not passed along cheaper prices on particularly beef and pork. Chicken prices are down a little bit but they have mainly held on to their beef and pork margins other than some future prices.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
And Ken, what you have for Memorial Day, you know [indiscernible]
Lampkin Butts
Memorial Day is going to be about like normal. I mean they've got some beef, some chicken.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
We think beef got most of the ads, but our orders for Memorial Day are so good that we are running two shifts on Memorial Day. We normally run one shift the Saturday before and then we are down Memorial Day, but we had to crank everything up to fill orders this year.
Ken Goldman
I hope those people working on Memorial Day are getting overtime. Thank you, guys.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
They are.
Operator
Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of the Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow
Just a quick question, can you talk about the different product weight and the margin associated with big birds versus small birds and just how everything has gone between tray packs and how you kind of see that developing over the next call it 8 to 12 months?

Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Margins on big birds got ahead of tray pack beginning in March and they are way ahead of them in May, and we think that's going to last through Labor Day through September at least. They are way ahead of them in May, and for us, I mean margins are still good on tray pack but they are exceptional right now in big birds.
Lampkin Butts
That's margin per head, Ken.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Yes, per head. When you put – where is boneless?
Lampkin Butts
$1.72
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
$1.72 and $2 wing and a $0.38 leg quarter, put that all together and – where are tenders?
Lampkin Butts
$1.95.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
And $1.95 on tenders and benign grain cost, that's exceptional for big bird. And we think prices are maybe going up a little bit more on bonus and tenders. We think wings are kind of towards the top right now. Leg quarters may go up another $0.01 or so. But we are in at least through Memorial Day in the first of month, we are kind of getting close to the top on these prices for a while until heat hits, and when the heat hits, when you might see some other move, but wings are pretty close to topping out.
Kenneth Zaslow
Can you tell me about what drove the wing prices so high, and although you think they are topping out, do you think they are stable at these current levels or you think they are going to start retreating seasonally, and I'll leave it there?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Ken, it's been a surprise to us. I mean we are – historically, wing prices start trending down after March madness. So this has been a surprise. We think it has to do with lighter bird weights and also the number of new restaurants that have been built over the last two years that are based off wing menus. We think the supply and demand, and I still think there will be a softening this summer, I still think we'll see a dip sometime this summer, but I don't think we are there yet.
Operator
Our next question comes from Mike Piken from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Michael Piken
Just want to talk a little bit more about the age of the flock and specifically your breeding flock and do you guys have plans to sort of replace some of your old pullets and when do you think the rest of the industry is going to be looking to do that to improve hatchability rates and how much of a [indiscernible] potential is there?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Our breed of flock is current. We don't – our hatchability is normal and we don't have any older breeders, and ours is like it always has been. But I don't know – we started getting calls for eggs right after the first year and from two or three other integrators, and the indication was there were some health problems with their breeders, and they wanted to buy eggs from us, which we don't sell eggs, we don't have enough eggs to sell normally.
And I don't know what kind of health problems they were having, but as we moved forward, you can look at the hatchability and the chick placements entailed that this flock is older and they are not hatching well. Last year the hatch was 84% all year. And I have no clue what's going on there, but there is some health issue or something with the overall flock, but nothing with ours.
Michael Piken
Okay. Do you know if it's impacting a certain size bird more than the others, like is that part of the reason maybe big bid profitability has improved a little bit more?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
No, I do not, I have no clue if it's one breed or not. I don't have an answer to that.
Michael Piken
Okay. And then shifting gears, if you could just talk a little bit about your volume expectations for 2018, with or without Raeford, specifically how that might impact your 2018?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
St. Pauls will be at capacity beginning in January. So Raeford birds won't have any impact in 2018, but St. Pauls will be at full capacity. So, do you all have 2018?

Lampkin Butts
Processing growth chart, we'll have in just a minute.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
They are getting it for you, Mike.
Michael Piken
Okay, thanks, whenever, that's fine, you could pass it on. Thanks.
Operator
In the meantime, our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson
Maybe first, I was wondering if you could quantify the profit impact if any from House of Raeford in the quarter, and then for the pounds that you're processing for the balance of the year, should we be considering those, just you have marketing control of that product and so your margin should be consistent with the other [tons] [ph] that are flowing through St. Pauls or are there any other…?
Lampkin Butts
We are paying House of Raeford a flat fee per live pound, as we described in the 10-Q this morning, and that's really about all we can say about that contract. Now we take the market risk on the birds. The birds are ours and we sell them. They take the market risk on grain. We are paying a flat fee per live pound. The margins, just like they are on our other big bird products, are good right now.
Adam Samuelson
That's helpful. And then maybe just on the market, I'm wondering, Joe, if you have any thoughts or you're seeing any impact in the industry data of higher antibiotic free and no human antibiotic production on the industry, whether that's on the hatch, if people aren't using the antibiotics on the hatchery anymore, if you think that's part of the cause of some of the people moving down in bird class size, just any thoughts of how that might be impacting available supplies, maybe certainly the egg production and availability in the industry has stepped up even if you're not producing yourself?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
I think that may affect livability on flocks sold more than it would on hatchability. I mean we know that the total livability on no antibiotic birds is lower than if you use antibiotics, about 1% to 2% at least and in some cases 10%. And so I think there are fewer head delivered to the plant for sure with no antibiotics. And I think possibly at times you might have lower bird weights, but they can compensate for that by keeping birds in the houses longer. But mainly it probably affects feed conversion more than it does live weight. I think it could affect live weight to some degree.
Adam Samuelson
Okay, that's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Operator
Our next question comes from Heather Jones from The Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones
So circling back to the retail business, could you give us a sense of what kind of price increases you've gotten just for modeling purposes? I understand that it sounds like you won't transition most of your business to a new price index until calendar 2018, but I mean did you get enough increases for the summer to make it meaningful, like do we need to get worried about that for our models?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
You know how many?
Lampkin Butts
Half-half. Of our customers, we have been to half, and half of those were good and we're waiting to hear from the other half. As our target modify, here's the thing, a portion of that business is sold at future prices. [Indiscernible] future prices are moving up, if they are being negotiated, these markets are higher, so they'll negotiate at a higher price or at this time [indiscernible] quote, those are higher. So, retail revenue is going to be up. I can't say how much, but it is going – it's not going to be flat because of the [indiscernible].
Heather Jones
And you are talking about it's going to be up sequentially but it would sound like it's going to be up year-on-year as well. Could you have the pieces tied to the features like you said [indiscernible] strong?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Yes, that's right.

Heather Jones
Okay. I mean because honestly if you look at some of these Urner Barry quotes, I mean am I out in La La Land to think that the piece that you have been able to get redone could be up more than 10% year on year?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
No.
Heather Jones
I'm not in La La Land?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Yes, it won't be up 10%.
Heather Jones
It won't be up, that piece won't be up that much?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
No.
Heather Jones
Okay. Moving on to the weights, and also clearly woody breast is the biggest driver, so I have a two-part question. I understand that there are more foodservice companies that are going to be not only trying to get weights off the larger birds but actually potentially moving into other weight classes, like the much smaller birds. So one, how early do you think we are in this trend, and then secondly, a number of customers, both on the retail and the foodservice side have committed to adopting [GAAP] [ph] standards, which call for slower growth [indiscernible] and lower density, so I guess, I hesitate to say this given the nature of this industry, but if we can look out two or three years, it seems like there's a number of factors that are going to be a governor on supply and just if you could help us think about that?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
I think there is another governor on supply and that is – if you want to look at what our next complex is going to cost, it's going to cost $190 million to $200 million and none of the big companies that could do that have indicated no intention of doing that, and I think that is a governor owned supply. There is a possibility that USDA could change line speeds. The regulation that governs line speeds. Right now there is [indiscernible] line speeds of 140 birds a minutes. We run 70 birds a minute. But everybody else runs 140 except a few plants that run 90 and a few plants that run, the original plants that tested the HIMP system at 175, they were grandfathered in at 175. I don't know how many plants that is, six or seven.
And when the USDA was proposing the HIMP process, those consumer groups and the inspectors unions objected to it. So USDA pulled it, capped it at 140. There is possibility that USDA could go back in and reintroduce the 175. If that were to happen and it were to be passed, I think you could see some expansion, industry expansion by people going from 140 to 175. That would take a year to do that. They have to order breeder stock, they have to build chicken houses, they have to make some modifications in hatcheries and processing plants and you know a year ahead of time.
I think it would be minor, but I think that's where your expansion would come from. I don't think anybody much is going to build a plant and I think the wait is over for a while. The primary breeders are going to have to breed this woody breast out, and that's going to take away a low feed conversion and maybe some yield to get this woody breast out.
And the other things you mentioned, if that happens, the slower growing broiler and the smaller bird and the woody breast are all, we can't grow a 9.5 pound chicken right now, which was our target for this year, and the year before that we grew 9.25 pound chicken. We can't do that.
Heather Jones
So as a follow up on your weights comment, do you think the reductions we're seeing now are the extent of the reductions we are going to see or do you think there is going to be more widespread adoption across the industry that could lead to pressure on weight for call it another year?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
I don't know. Wendy's required all of their suppliers to go to a 7.5 pound chicken. That was the reason you saw that shift in class that Lampkin was describing, out of the 9 to the smaller class that USDA is showing. You might see some more of that. We didn't supply Wendy's, but we dropped our weights because of our customers. We did that on our own. We just couldn't tolerate a product quality problem with our customers. We did that before they – I mean we just, our own QC test told us we need to do. We did some other things too. We changed our batch and we changed our lighting problem to try to get this product quality thing straightened out.

Lampkin Butts
And Heather, I'll take this opportunity to answer Adam's question, I think it was Adam, 4.4 billion pounds in 2018. That's up about 4% from this year. Sorry, Michael.
Heather Jones
And the HIMP thing, you said a possibility, the way you said that makes me think that there are discussions ongoing right now as to that. I mean when could we see some color as to when they are going to allow that?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
It will have to be published in the Federal Register and then – we don't, I don't think it's imminent.
Heather Jones
You don't think it's imminent, it's not being discussed right now?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
No.
Heather Jones
Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Francesco Pellegrino from Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Francesco Pellegrino
I want to ask you a question about just what are your thoughts on maybe the long-term feasibility of the marketing program given what you have learned so far during 2017, something that we think about continuing in fiscal 2018 as well?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Our marketing program, advertising, we keep doing it, became we will keep doing it.
Francesco Pellegrino
At an $8 million run rate per quarter?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
I think that's reasonable for now. Frankly we have talked about second half of the year, but we really haven't started planning any strategy for next year, but I think that's reasonable to build a model on.
Francesco Pellegrino
Okay. Just when I start thinking about how you guys are earning your bonus accrual, if you are going to pay out the 10 million to the ESOP plan, one of the questions that I had was sort of about like where your step-up function is going for your depreciation expense? I guess over the past three years on a quarterly basis, it looks like depreciation has increased by $10 million and that's per quarter, and I know we've had a lot of elevated spending over the past three or four years to support the business during some really great times and given how strong your balance sheet has been, but just given how quickly depreciation has sort of stepped up, given where your CapEx guidance is this year thinking about construction beginning in Tyler, Texas over this summer and then wherever your maintenance CapEx is right now for the business, where should depreciation be sort of topping out at?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
We keep building plants, so it's not going to top out.
Mike Cockrell
Our maintenance budget has increased. We've got about $100 million now and we are stepping that up $5 million a year just because we are adding assets. So in my model, you got a 100, then 105, 110, 115, just add $5 million to it because we keep adding plants. So depreciation of course is just a function of building these $200 million plants, like Joe described.
Francesco Pellegrino
Right, but we are also lapping at period of time, whether it's 10, 15, 20 years ago where we didn't have this elevated CapEx spending. So we really don't have new high-priced assets coming off the books. So if we sort of just think about Tyler, Texas, maybe being – and I know that's not it, like it's quarterly depreciation topping out at $30 million right now beginning in fiscal 2018?
Mike Cockrell
Actually I'm sorry, I'm not sure I'm following exactly what you're asking. Ask that again.
Francesco Pellegrino
So, just when I look at all the assets that we are bringing online, including Tyler, Texas, is it reasonable to think that maybe quarterly depreciation to be anywhere between $27 million to $30 million beginning in 2018?
Mike Cockrell
Yes.
Francesco Pellegrino
Okay, all right that's it for me. Thank you, guys.
Operator
Our next question comes from Akshay Jagdale of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Akshay Jagdale
Congratulations on a solid quarter. I wanted to ask about the breeder flock, with pullet placements having sort of decelerated on a 12 month trailing basis, so pullet placement growth was 4% or 5% last couple of years. Now it's 1%, 1% or 2%, depending on how you look at it. But the breeder flock has actually since October of last year it's up about 5% sequentially, right. And so, what do you make of that, is the last number that came up earlier this week, says it's up 1% year-over-year, I mean I guess the only answer, the logical answer is the age of the flock has been brought down that your hen slaughter is down, but what do you make of the breeder flock moving up as much as it has sequentially during a period when pullet placement growth has decelerated quite a bit?

Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
I think a lot of the pullet placements in 2015 and 2016 was mainly building up for pullets and hens for the export of eggs to Mexico, and I think everybody thought they were going into the domestic supply flock when most of that growth was for two reasons, one of it, there was a change going on in the breeds where Aviagen was replacing two other breeds domestic flock and people were putting some extra breeders out because they didn't know what to expect from the Aviagen hen as she was replaced.
And then the other extra in 2015 and 2016, two of the primary Mexican suppliers, integrators were putting their breeders in the United States and they were showing up in the domestic supply flock but they were really for eggs for Mexico. And so there really weren't – it looked like they were for the domestic supply flock but they really were not. They were for eggs for export.
And all of that big buildup in 2015 and 2016, 7% to 8% of the breeder flock was for export, eggs for export, and I think that threw everybody off. The real domestic supply flock for pullets for the U.S. is about 1%. And as far as meat, broiler meat for this year, when you subtract the exports out, it's right at 0.25% when you put it all together.
And pullets, I don't think you look at one number, one month, the last month they came out which was 97%, 93%, I don't think you look at that, I don't think that means anything. I think the next months maybe 106% and that 93% could be revised. Just one month doesn't mean anything.
Akshay Jagdale
I realize, I was talking more on a trailing 12 month average basis, that's how we always look at pullet placements and pullet placements have decelerated, but my question was more about I get the whole Mexico issue, we are now tracking egg exports to Mexico which are down, but the breeder flock itself which includes both Mexico and U.S. breeders, right, we don't know exactly what percentage is for Mexico, was down year over year. So leaving aside what we're exporting in terms of eggs, the actual calculated or the reported number was down year-over-year for most of the back half of 2016, and now it's back up during a period when your additions of pullets has decelerated, right. So that's what I'm asking about. And at your Analyst Day, there was one presentation where they talked about the age of the flock and it was projected that 2017 was going to be, 2016 was the lowest in the last three, four years and 2017 was going to be slightly lower. So it just seems to me that the age of the flock is now at a more optimal level and to get there you have changed the rate of mature hen slaughter, if I may. So that's what I'm getting at but I don't know if you look at it that way.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
We think the flock is older now. We don't think it's optimal, we think it is older. And the reason we do is because we look at the hatchability, and the hatches at 83%, we think they are holding pullets, holding hens longer because they are not getting eggs out. Now we don't know that for a fact. That's what we think. But we are showing all of 2016 the hen flock being 100% of 2015. This year it's about 100% so far for five months.
Akshay Jagdale
So you don't agree with the EMI projection for the age of the flock I guess, you now think it's a flock's age is actually up?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
I do.
Akshay Jagdale
Okay. And then just while we are on talking about exports, I mean I think hatching exports sort of peaked and showing year-over-year decline a little bit. Any thoughts on what's happening there or do you have any sense of where that's headed?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
We have no clue. I don't have a clue about what's going on in Mexico. It's primarily actually the rest of the world, I have a chart here in front of me, the rest of the world is down a little bit from its peak. Canada is about flat, but maybe up [indiscernible] and Mexico is down just a little bit. Mexico is down from its peak by maybe 1%. And of the total breeders, and it was accounting for – the whole world was running 8.5%, is down to 7.7% of total breeders. But I don't have a clue what's going on in Mexico or the rest of the world.

Akshay Jagdale
Okay. And then one for Mike, and this is more of a longer-term question, you had a pretty detailed explanation of ESOP and all that stuff, which I'm sure I'm going to have to re-read, but that was helpful. But if you just look long-term, your SG&A to sales has gone up and that's a function of how well you're doing as a company, so that's great. But for somebody who is trying to model that portion of your P&L over a three to five year period, what do you think is a good number to use? I mean it seems like you were at 3.5% for a long period of time and now the last five years or so it's more like 5% with the increase in marketing, the increase in ESOP and all that stuff. So can you just help me out there, like if you were to model for your Company over a three to five-year period, SG&A to sales, what's the best guess over there?
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
You are at peak right now.
Mike Cockrell
Yes, I think that's hard, Akshay. Ex bonus and ESOP, just take those out, because I don't have a clue. It's hard quarter to quarter, much less year-to-year, to know whether we are going to pay a bonus. But our legal fees are up, that's going to continue. Our trainee cost should be steady. Startup cost is going to move higher next year as we get St. Pauls. We are going to do another plant after that. Then you're going to have startup cost the next year. Advertising, I'm holding steady, but again, as we mentioned to another questioner, that strategy may change. But yes, I think Joe is right, this is peak right now I feel like because we have got…
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
As you get more volume though, it's going to decline. What I'm saying is you're at peak dollars. As you get more volume, that percentage goes down.
Akshay Jagdale
What's the percent, do you have a sense of percent that's non-ESOP bonus related, because I know a part of the ESOP bonus also accrues…
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Not in there right now.
Mike Cockrell
Right, the bonus and ESOP are not in there. And when you go back and re-read the script, I've put those numbers out, but no, I don't have a percentage in front of me. I don't know what sales are going to be next quarter, Akshay.
Akshay Jagdale
Got it, okay. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Brett Andress of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Brett Andress
Thanks for squeezing me in here, I just had one quick question. Your other cost per pound, they increased I think by about $0.005, or $0.015 I'm sorry, per pound and you called out that about half of that was related to St. Pauls I believe. I'm just trying to figure out what's your other half of that increase and I guess maybe was it related to maybe some of the overtime you ran during the quarter and how should we think about all the other cost that how that should trend through the back half of the year?
Mike Cockrell
There were a couple of things going. There was some overtime premium in that number. Salaries went up, direct and indirect salaries both. Packaging was a little bit. It was, there is nothing one thing I can call out as most of it, Brett, but it was salaries, overtime, supplies, a little bit from repairs, but it was spread out among those.
Brett Andress
Should we expect the St. Pauls, the impact of that to maybe be diminished as we work through the next two quarters?
Mike Cockrell
Absolutely.
Brett Andress
Okay, that's all I had. Thank you.
Operator
Our final question comes from [Benjamin Serra] [ph] from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst
Just I have two questions. One, could you just quickly confirm the CapEx number because I think I didn't get that for this year, so just to see what to put into model? I think I heard 156, but just to confirm.
Mike Cockrell
That is correct.
Unidentified Analyst

Okay, so we got that one. And then second, I mean you've mentioned prices are likely to come down on wings into the second half. So with that in mind, would you expect that the very strong levels of profitability you have seen in the first half, I mean especially on an operating profit margin level, that this is going to ease a little bit towards the end of the year but still turn out to be fairly strong? And also thank you very much for the good guidance on absolute SG&A expenses for the year. That helps a lot. But just to get a little bit of a sense as what you are expecting in terms of pricing and COGS, how that's going to evolve and how that's going to impact your margins, because [indiscernible] sensitivity here?
Mike Cockrell
I think wings will soften sometime this summer. And then I think they will be going back up for football season.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Yes, they're going to have like 60 days, it's not going to be – I don't think – it's hard as they will hold steady for a while.
Mike Cockrell
I don't think it's going down next week but sometime this summer.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
$2 is a lofty place for wings to be but if they come down, it's not going to be for long and for much. I don't think they will come down a lot and I don't think they will come down alone. So you got two things going to happen. Normally by this time we are already packing wings and putting them in the freezer for the football season, mainly for January-February. We hadn't put a single wing in the freezer. So that has to be done and that's going to keep supply off the market. And I think that a lot of these restaurants out there, they are going full till, and so I don't think it will be hot like it is right now or like it has been. And then the other thing is, I think breast and tenders and leg quarters, they may slow down but they are not going to soften.
Mike Cockrell
So those markets are very firm right now. Spot loads are trading at Urner Barry for boneless breast and real close to that tender, so those markets are very firm going into the summertime.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
And so we think, I don't see those markets coming down much. I think there will be a cooling off period after the first of the month, but on the heels of that is July 4th. So we think the markets are going to be pretty good for a while.
Unidentified Analyst
Okay, perfect. Thank you very much for that.
Operator
I am showing we have no further questions at this time.
Joe F. Sanderson Jr.
Good. Thank you and thank all of you for spending time with us this morning. We look forward to reporting our third quarter results in August. Thank you very much.
Operator
This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Meat Products, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All SAFM TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksBracing For General Motors' EarningsGM• Today, 4:12 PM • Josh Arnold•2 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Today, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•4 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Today, 3:14 PM • Nick CoxHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Today, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Today, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•3 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Today, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•89 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Today, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•29 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Today, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•162 CommentsTesla Now On The ClockTSLA• Today, 12:48 PM • Bill Maurer•50 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/21/17: S&W Seed, Lands' End, Old Line BancsharesSANW• Today, 11:46 AM • InsiderInsightsCal Maine: Dire SituationCALM• Today, 11:13 AM • Quad 7 Capital•12 CommentsFilthy Reaction To HasbroHAS• Today, 10:41 AM • Quad 7 Capital•5 CommentsGermany's Alleged Auto Cartel Is In A Deadly SpiralAUDVF, BMWYY, DDAIF• Today, 10:11 AM • Growth And Value•16 CommentsHasbro, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHAS• Today, 8:49 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Motors Q2 Earnings: Two Metrics You Should Care AboutGM• Today, 8:45 AM • General Expert•12 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Today, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•12 CommentsHarley-Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Today, 5:44 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Today, 5:15 AM • Da Shi Research•4 CommentsHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Today, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•7 CommentsGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•10 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Yesterday, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Yesterday, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•35 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Yesterday, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•14 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•16 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•2 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•17 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•287 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•7 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•304 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•164 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•22 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•34 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•30 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•5 CommentsUnilever Up 43% YTD With More To ComeUL, UN• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:25 AM • Iron Value•10 CommentsFaurecia SA ACT 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFURCF• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:31 AM • SA TranscriptsAs Sales Plunge, GM Might Cancel 6 Car ModelsGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:10 AM • Wolf Richter•72 CommentsSkechers Shows Retail Footwear LivesSKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:33 AM • Quad 7 Capital•14 CommentsA Contrarian Vote In Favor Of McCormick's AcquisitionMKC• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:21 PM • Vince Martin•19 CommentsTesla Solar Roof, The Odds Of Surviving Home Solar MarketTSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:57 PM • X. Dong Wang•111 CommentsWhere Are The Solar Roofs?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:08 PM • Galileo Russell•188 CommentsA. Schulman: How Did I Not See This Train Wreck Coming?SHLM• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:31 PM • Quad 7 CapitalCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsBunge (BG) Updates On Competitiveness Program - SlideshowBG• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:22 PM • SA TranscriptsEthan Allen Interiors (ETH) Investor Presentation - SlideshowETH• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:00 PM • SA TranscriptsBMW Leads Investment In Used-Car Marketplace ShiftBMWYY• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:50 PM • Donovan JonesTilly's: The Best Of A Bad SectorTLYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:32 PM • Vince MartinChurch & Dwight: Waterpik Deal Looks Decent; Valuation Remains FullCHD• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:17 PM • The Value Investor•5 CommentsMcCormick - 'Winner' Of Reckitt Benckiser's Food Business AuctionMKC• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:55 AM • The Value Investor•13 CommentsUnder Armour Will Outlast Negative NewsUAA• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:43 AM • Brent A. Miller•11 CommentsThe Only Detriment For Philip MorrisPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:18 AM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsPhilip Morris: Let It FallPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:25 AM • Quad 7 Capital•25 CommentsPhilip Morris International Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:20 AM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsPhilip Morris Quits SmokingPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:00 AM • ValueAnalyst•54 CommentsCampbell Soup: Red Flags For A Red LabelCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:43 AM • Dan Stringer•10 CommentsPolaris Industries Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPII• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:23 AM • SA TranscriptsWABCO Holdings Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWBC• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:03 AM • SA TranscriptsUnilever Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:37 AM • SA TranscriptsWould Tesla Acquire Faraday Future And Lucid Motors?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:59 PM • Anton Wahlman•89 CommentsTesla Ownership: T. Rowe Price Sells, What's Next?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:08 PM • ValueAnalyst•287 CommentsSan Miguel: Riding The Political Waves In The PhilippinesSMGBY• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:45 PM • Nick Cox•2 CommentsZEV Credits: They're Real And They're Spectacular!TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:24 PM • Kurt B. Feierabend•125 CommentsNow Is Not The Time To Buy TeslaTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:44 PM • Isaac Tang•68 CommentsImitation Is The Sincerest Form Of FlatteryVLKAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:33 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•1 CommentDo New Tesla Board Additions Signal Big Changes Ahead?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:38 AM • Donn Bailey•137 CommentsTiffany & Company Is Outclassed By Signet Jewelers And MovadoMOV• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:50 AM • DJ Habig•3 CommentsValue in TAPTAP• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:38 AM • Tim Gruppi•15 CommentsCampbell Soup Company - Why Legacy Products Will Die A Slow DeathCPB• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:30 AM • James Sands•6 CommentsNeenah Paper: Well Positioned In A Niche Premium MarketNP• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:17 AM • Dustin Barnett•4 Comments123456...434Next Page









Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #c83b7fe0-70ba-11e7-8611-d7341895b6a0
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          












LAMPKIN, BUTTS CASEY - JACKSON, MS - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MS



JACKSON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            LAMPKIN, BUTTS CASEY
                                    



 





















L 


LAMPKIN, BUTTS CASEY
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



200 S LAMAR ST STE 100 JACKSON, MS 39201
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














