


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Total Return Fund (PTTFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Total Return Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PTTFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.15
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								3.87%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.85
							
							-
							
								$10.16
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$31.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Total Return Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Intermediate-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to maximize total return through income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							2.87%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.07%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
						2.68% 
						


				
					
						2.68%
						



Inception Date

						
							November 15, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.57%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
























JPMorgan Total Return Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Total Return Fund(JMTAX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
  




Designed ToDesigned to deliver high total return through investing in a wide range of debt securities.ApproachUtilizes a dynamic approach that combines traditional fixed income with opportunistic investingEmploys a top-down, macro-driven approach to help mitigate risks of benchmark-constrained strategiesSelects investments by analyzing the performance potential of individual securities and different market sectors










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William  Eigen Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Total Return (A)




Commentary: Total Return







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - Total Return Fund




Supplemental Data Sheet - Total Return Fund


Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Total Return Fund







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 0.66% for A Shares, 1.31% for C Shares, 0.56% for I Shares, 1.16% for R2 Shares, 0.46% for R5 Shares and 0.41% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 6/30/2017 for A Shares, 6/30/2017 for C Shares, 6/30/2017 for I Shares, 6/30/2017 for R2 Shares, 6/30/2017 for R5 Shares and 6/30/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index is an unmanaged index representing SEC-registered taxable and dollar denominated securities. It covers the U.S. investment grade fixed rate bond market, with index components for government and corporate securities, mortgage pass-through, and asset-backed securities. The performance of the Lipper Core Plus Bond Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. The value of investments in mortgage-related and asset-backed securities will be influenced by the factors affecting the housing market and the assets underlying such securities. The securities may decline in value, face valuation difficulties, become more volatile and/or become illiquid. They are also subject to prepayment risk, which occurs when mortgage holders refinance or otherwise repay their loans sooner than expected, creating an early return of principal to holders of the loans. The Fund may use futures contracts, swaps, and derivatives in connection with its investment strategies. Derivatives are subject to the risk that changes in the value of a derivative may not correlate perfectly with the underlying asset, rate or index.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. Duration: Measures price sensitivity of fixed income securities to interest rate changes. Average Life: The length of time the principal of a debt issue is expected to be outstanding.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 

















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.



















Tools & Resources - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Tools & Resources
			
Email ThisPrint




Target Date CompassSM



	An industry-leading target date fund evaluation tool, Target Date CompassSM, was the first of its kind to use a standardized, systematic process for evaluating and selecting target date funds.


USE TARGET DATE COMPASS 




Morningstar® Tools

Hypothetical Illustrations 
                         


	You can simulate a hypothetical experience of a portfolio over a specific past timeframe using actual performance data for an individual fund or portfolio of funds.


Hypothetical Tool 





Multi-Fund Comparisons
                         


	Compare multiple securities in terms of performance, portfolio, operations, and risk data. You can also generate a FINRA-reviewed Multiple Fund Comparison report. 


Compare Funds 





Portfolio Analysis
                         


	Analyze existing client portfolios based on current available Morningstar® data, or view aggregate statistics for a set of chosen investments.


Analyze portfolio 








Insights app
                         


	Make the complex clearer for your clients. This app is a powerful way for advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan's Insights for their clients.


Get the Insights App






Additional  Tools & Resources




Shareholder Account Access 
                         

                            Our site provides a powerful way to access your account with J.P. Morgan Funds.

	We hope you find it easy to use and full of helpful features.


LOG IN OR REGISTER NOW 




Shareholder Account Resources
                         



Shareholder Account Resources  
Tax Planning Information Documents  
Money Market Reform resources  







TARGET DATE FUNDS. Target date funds are funds with the target date being the approximate date when investors plan to start withdrawing their money. Generally, the asset allocation of each fund will change on an annual basis with the asset allocation becoming more conservative as the fund nears the target retirement date. The principal value of the fund(s) is not guaranteed at any time, including at the target date.

	*TDFs may suffer investment losses, including near and following retirement. There is no guarantee that a TDF will provide adequate retirement income.
	 

1 PLANADVISER magazine 2016 Retirement Plan Advisor Survey.

2 Morningstar, Inc. Trailing 5-Year period. Based on rankings for the R6 share class of each fund versus their relevant Morningstar target date category as of 12/31/16. Different share classes may have different rankings.

3 Chatham Partners Satisfaction Survey, 2015 J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co., and its affiliates worldwide.

	Contact JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc. at 1-800-480-4111 for a prospectus. Carefully consider the fund's objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the mutual fund before investing. The prospectus contains this and other fund information. Read it carefully before investing.

	J.P. Morgan Funds are distributed by JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc., which is an affiliate of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Affiliates of JPMorgan Chase & Co. receive fees for providing various services to the funds. JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc. is a member of FINRA/SIPC.










	Global Total Return Fund XCGOX






 













































Corporate Homepage
Contact Us
Careers
 Login









Investments


Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds






Mutual Funds

US Equity



                                                        Dividend Growth
                                                    



                                                        Growth
                                                    



                                                        Growth and Income
                                                    



                                                        Opportunistic Value
                                                    


Fixed Income



                                                        High Income Opportunities
                                                    



                                                        Total Return Bond
                                                    




Global Equity



                                                        Emerging Market Equity
                                                    



                                                        Evolving World Growth
                                                    



                                                        Global Equity
                                                    



                                                        Global Growth & Income
                                                    



                                                        International Growth
                                                    


Convertible



                                                        Global Convertible
                                                    



                                                        Convertible
                                                    


Alternative



                                                        Hedged Equity Income
                                                    



                                                        Phineus Long/Short
                                                    



                                                        Market Neutral Income
                                                    






Closed-End Funds



                                                        Dynamic Convertible & Income (CCD)
                                                    



                                                        Convertible Opportunities & Income (CHI)
                                                    



                                                        Convertible & High Income (CHY)
                                                    



                                                        Global Dynamic Income (CHW)
                                                    



                                                        Strategic Total Return (CSQ)
                                                    



                                                        Global Total Return (CGO)
                                                    











Insights 


Market Perspectives
Investment Commentary
Blog
Videos







Market Perspectives

                                            Our economic review and outlook.

                                                View Now
                                                >
                                            





                                                Investment
                                                Commentary
                                            

Access analysis and commentary on timely investment topics.

                                            View Now
                                            >
                                        



The Calamos Blog


                                            Perspectives on investing, the economy and the global financial markets.

                                                View Now
                                                >
                                            




Videos


                                            View our video gallery and find video clips of Calamos investment professionals.

                                                View Now
                                                >
                                            








Blog




About




Our Organization
For more than 35 years Calamos Investments has been committed to excellence in investment management and client services.


Company
Learn about our innovative investment strategies including equity, low-volatility equity, fixed income, convertible and alternative investments.  


Locations
Headquartered in the Chicago metropolitan area, the firm also has offices in London and New York.






Mission & Values
Learn about our culture and commitment to exceeding our client’s needs and expectations.






Our Organization
Company
Our Capabilities
Locations
Mission & Values







News 


News and Events
Audio and Videos






News and Events

                                            Get the latest news and updates featuring Calamos, our funds, leadership
                                            team and recent press releases.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        


Audio and Videos

                                            View our audio and video gallery to find clips of Calamos investment
                                            professionals discussing their market perspectives on CNBC,
                                            Bloomberg, Morningstar and more.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        







Resources 


Mutual Funds
Closed End Funds
Forms & Applications
Go Paperless
Tax Center
Proxy Voting






Mutual Funds

                                            Download Quarterly Commentaries, Fact Sheets, Annual
                                            Reports, Semi-Annual Reports, Summary Prospectuses, Statutory
                                            Prospectuses and SAI Reports for all Calamos Mutual Funds.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        


Closed-End Funds

                                            Download Quarterly Commentaries, Fact Sheets, Annual
                                            Reports and Prospectuses for all Calamos Closed-End Funds.
                                        


                                            View Now >
                                        


Applications & Forms

                                            Complete New Account Applications,
                                            Authorization Forms, Additional Investment Forms and more for all
                                            Calamos Mutual Funds.
                                        

                                            View Now >
                                        


Tax Center

                                            Find capital gains, distributions and other
                                            tax-related resources for Calamos' investment products.
                                        

                                            View Now >
                                        


















8.98%*

 
CHICHYCHWCSQCGOCCD






Closed-End Funds Home Page


            GLOBAL TOTAL RETURN FUND (CGO)
        





Overview
Data & Distribution
Performance
Pricing
Composition
Literature









CEF Market and Fund Update – May 2017











Calamos CEFs Price and NAV Returns Exceed Relative Index Returns Through May 2017

            May, 2017
            Our SVP, Director of Closed-End Fund Products Robert F. Bush, Jr. provides an May 2017 update on the closed-end fund market. He discusses how the CEF market continues to offer solutions to challenges of income and diversification, while providing investment opportunities.




Objective
The Fund seeks total return through a combination of capital appreciation and current income by investing in a globally diversified portfolio of equities, convertible securities and high yield corporate bonds.
Investment Strategy & Process
The integrated investment team employs an investment process that considers global macroeconomic factors and investment themes.  A comprehensive, investment process includes both fundamental and quantitative research to evaluate the source, sustainability and risk of investment opportunities.  Risk is monitored and managed at the diversified portfolio and individual security level.
Fund Highlights

Closed-end fund portfolio with a mix of global equities, convertible securities and high yield bonds. 
Seeks a level-rate distribution policy in an effort to provide stable, monthly distributions. 
Designed to complement and diversify the equity portion of an investor’s asset allocation. 
Can write call options against up to 33% of managed assets to generate additional income. 







Fund Data
AS OF 6/30/17






Managed Assets
$149,346,311


Total Common Share Assets
$107,346,311


Shares Outstanding
8,468,635


Average Daily Volume (mo.)
46,138


Total Percent Leveraged
27.75%


Debt Coverage Ratio
356%


Leverage Assets
$42,000,000


Debt Leverage
$42,000,000


Average Portfolio Turnover
102.4%


Expense Ratio (based upon managed assets)
1.59%


Duration Rates
3.68 years





Fees & Expenses
AS OF 6/30/17






Management Fees
1.00%


Debt Leverage Expense
0.44%


Other Expenses
0.15%


Total
1.59%





Current Annualized Distribution Rate is the Fund’s most recent distribution, expressed as an annual percentage of the Fund’s current market price per share. The Fund’s most recent distribution was $0.0700 per share. A breakdown of the Fund’s most recent distribution can be found on the Global Total Return Fund Fact Sheet. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions are subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters. Under the Fund’s level rate distribution policy, distributions paid to common shareholders may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains and return of capital. When the net investment income and net realized short-term capital gains are not sufficient, a portion of the level rate distribution will be a return of capital. In addition, a limited number of distributions per calendar year may include net realized long-term capital gains. Distribution rate may vary.
    
Debt Coverage Ratio is the amount of cash flow available to meet annual interest and principal payments on debt. A Debt Coverage Ratio of less than 1 would mean a negative cash flow. For example, a ratio of 0.95 would mean that there was only enough net operating income to cover 95% of annual debt payments.
    
Past Performance
    Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. You can purchase or sell common shares daily. Like any other stock, market price will fluctuate with the market. Upon sale, your shares may have a market price that is above or below net asset value and may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.
    
Important Fund Information

    The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in foreign securities and invest in an array of security types and market-cap sizes, each of which has a unique risk profile. As a result of political or economic instability in foreign countries, there can be special risks associated with investing in foreign securities. These include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increased price volatility, and difficulty obtaining information.
    
    There are certain risks associated with an investment in a convertible bond such as default risk—that the company issuing a convertible security may be unable to repay principal and interest, and interest rate risk—that the convertible may decrease in value if interest rates increase.
    
    Investments by the Fund in lower-rated securities involve substantial risk of loss and present greater risks than investments in higher-rated securities, including less liquidity and increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment.
    
    Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk; as interest rates go up, the value of debt securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline.
    
    The Fund may invest in derivative securities, including options. The use of derivatives present risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in traditional securities. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the Fund will succeed. One of the risks associated with purchasing an option is that the Fund pays a premium whether or not the option is exercised.
    
    The Fund may seek to purchase index put options to help reduce downside exposure. However, the effectiveness of the Fund’s index option-based risk management strategy may be reduced if the Fund’s equity portfolio does not correlate to the performance of the underlying option positions. The Fund also risks losing all or part of the cash paid for purchasing index options. Unusual market conditions or a lack of a ready market of any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the Fund’s options strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund’s options strategies may not reduce the Fund’s volatility to the extent desired. From time to time, the Fund may reduce its holdings of put options, resulting in an increased exposure to a market decline.
    
    The goal of the level-rate distribution policy is to provide investors a predictable, though not assured, level of cash flow. Monthly distributions paid may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, and, if necessary, return of capital. Maintenance of this policy may increase transaction and tax costs associated with the Fund.
    
    Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in the variable rates of the leverage financing. The ratio is the percent of borrowing to total assets.
    
    Each fund has specific risks, which are outlined in the respective funds’ prospectuses. The general risks involved in investing in a closed end fund include market volatility risk, dividend and income risk, and loss of investment risk. Please refer to each fund’s prospectus, annual and semi-annual reports at www.calamos.com for complete information on the fund’s performance, investments and risks.
    
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE





Fund Details
AS OF 7/20/17


Market Price:$13.36
NAV:$12.97
Premium/Discount:+3.01%
Market Change:$0.03
Annual Distribution:8.98%*
Latest Distribution:$0.1000


Ticker:CGO
NAV Ticker:XCGOX


IPO Date:10/27/05
IPO Share Price:$15.00
IPO NAV:$14.30


Resources


Fact Sheet
Quarterly Commentary
Other Literature
CGO Annual Report CGO Semiannual Report CGO Prospectus CGO SAI 









Distribution History
               
AS OF 6/30/17





Cumulative Distribution History
               
AS OF 6/30/17






Current Year Distribution Detail



Ex DatePayable DateDistributionOrdinary IncomeLong-Term Capital GainsReturn Of CapitalPress Releases

July6/08/176/15/170.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release

June6/08/176/15/170.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release

May5/08/175/15/170.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release

April4/07/174/17/170.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release

March3/08/173/15/170.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release

February2/08/172/15/170.10000.00000.00001.0000Press Release

January12/28/161/05/170.10000.01620.00000.0838Press Release

December12/08/1612/15/160.10000.02370.00000.0763Press Release

November11/07/1611/15/160.10000.00520.00000.0948Press Release

October10/06/1610/14/160.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release

September9/08/169/15/160.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release

August8/08/168/15/160.10000.10000.00000.0000Press Release



Prior Year Distribution Detail

For final tax characterization of distributions click here.

Ordinary income includes net investment income and short-term capital gains. The distribution tables provided here are for informational purposes only. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions may be subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. Individual (non-corporate) shareholders with taxable accounts will receive written notification regarding the components and tax treatment for distributions via Form 1099-DIV. If your distributions are reinvested in additional shares, you will receive a statement reflecting the reinvestment of the distribution. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters.







USING A LEVEL DISTRIBUTION POLICY TO PROMOTE TOTAL RETURN
We understand the importance that investors place on the stability of dividends along with long-term total return, which is why CGO adopted a level rate distribution policy. 
The goal is to provide investors with long-term total return, based on our belief that closed-end fund investors consider consistent, dependable distributions to be an important component of total-return.
As a reminder, shareholders can accumulate more shares via the dividend reinvestment plan whether the Fund trades at a premium or discount. If the Fund is trading at a premium, the dividend is reinvested at NAV or at 95% of the market price, whichever is greater. If the Fund is trading at a discount, the dividend is reinvested at the market price.


Current Annualized Distribution Rate is the Fund’s most recent distribution, expressed as an annual percentage of the Fund’s current market price per share. The Fund’s most recent distribution was $0.0700 per share. A breakdown of the Fund’s most recent distribution can be found on the Global Total Return Fund Fact Sheet. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions are subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters. Under the Fund’s level rate distribution policy, distributions paid to common shareholders may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains and return of capital. When the net investment income and net realized short-term capital gains are not sufficient, a portion of the level rate distribution will be a return of capital. In addition, a limited number of distributions per calendar year may include net realized long-term capital gains. Distribution rate may vary.
    
Debt Coverage Ratio is the amount of cash flow available to meet annual interest and principal payments on debt. A Debt Coverage Ratio of less than 1 would mean a negative cash flow. For example, a ratio of 0.95 would mean that there was only enough net operating income to cover 95% of annual debt payments.
    
Past Performance
    Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. You can purchase or sell common shares daily. Like any other stock, market price will fluctuate with the market. Upon sale, your shares may have a market price that is above or below net asset value and may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.
    
Important Fund Information

    The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in foreign securities and invest in an array of security types and market-cap sizes, each of which has a unique risk profile. As a result of political or economic instability in foreign countries, there can be special risks associated with investing in foreign securities. These include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increased price volatility, and difficulty obtaining information.
    
    There are certain risks associated with an investment in a convertible bond such as default risk—that the company issuing a convertible security may be unable to repay principal and interest, and interest rate risk—that the convertible may decrease in value if interest rates increase.
    
    Investments by the Fund in lower-rated securities involve substantial risk of loss and present greater risks than investments in higher-rated securities, including less liquidity and increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment.
    
    Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk; as interest rates go up, the value of debt securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline.
    
    The Fund may invest in derivative securities, including options. The use of derivatives present risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in traditional securities. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the Fund will succeed. One of the risks associated with purchasing an option is that the Fund pays a premium whether or not the option is exercised.
    
    The Fund may seek to purchase index put options to help reduce downside exposure. However, the effectiveness of the Fund’s index option-based risk management strategy may be reduced if the Fund’s equity portfolio does not correlate to the performance of the underlying option positions. The Fund also risks losing all or part of the cash paid for purchasing index options. Unusual market conditions or a lack of a ready market of any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the Fund’s options strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund’s options strategies may not reduce the Fund’s volatility to the extent desired. From time to time, the Fund may reduce its holdings of put options, resulting in an increased exposure to a market decline.
    
    The goal of the level-rate distribution policy is to provide investors a predictable, though not assured, level of cash flow. Monthly distributions paid may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, and, if necessary, return of capital. Maintenance of this policy may increase transaction and tax costs associated with the Fund.
    
    Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in the variable rates of the leverage financing. The ratio is the percent of borrowing to total assets.
    
    Each fund has specific risks, which are outlined in the respective funds’ prospectuses. The general risks involved in investing in a closed end fund include market volatility risk, dividend and income risk, and loss of investment risk. Please refer to each fund’s prospectus, annual and semi-annual reports at www.calamos.com for complete information on the fund’s performance, investments and risks.
    
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE






SHARE PRICE / NAV HISTORY




PREMIUM / DISCOUNT





Current Annualized Distribution Rate is the Fund’s most recent distribution, expressed as an annual percentage of the Fund’s current market price per share. The Fund’s most recent distribution was $0.0700 per share. A breakdown of the Fund’s most recent distribution can be found on the Global Total Return Fund Fact Sheet. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions are subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters. Under the Fund’s level rate distribution policy, distributions paid to common shareholders may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains and return of capital. When the net investment income and net realized short-term capital gains are not sufficient, a portion of the level rate distribution will be a return of capital. In addition, a limited number of distributions per calendar year may include net realized long-term capital gains. Distribution rate may vary.
    
Debt Coverage Ratio is the amount of cash flow available to meet annual interest and principal payments on debt. A Debt Coverage Ratio of less than 1 would mean a negative cash flow. For example, a ratio of 0.95 would mean that there was only enough net operating income to cover 95% of annual debt payments.
    
Past Performance
    Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. You can purchase or sell common shares daily. Like any other stock, market price will fluctuate with the market. Upon sale, your shares may have a market price that is above or below net asset value and may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.
    
Important Fund Information

    The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in foreign securities and invest in an array of security types and market-cap sizes, each of which has a unique risk profile. As a result of political or economic instability in foreign countries, there can be special risks associated with investing in foreign securities. These include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increased price volatility, and difficulty obtaining information.
    
    There are certain risks associated with an investment in a convertible bond such as default risk—that the company issuing a convertible security may be unable to repay principal and interest, and interest rate risk—that the convertible may decrease in value if interest rates increase.
    
    Investments by the Fund in lower-rated securities involve substantial risk of loss and present greater risks than investments in higher-rated securities, including less liquidity and increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment.
    
    Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk; as interest rates go up, the value of debt securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline.
    
    The Fund may invest in derivative securities, including options. The use of derivatives present risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in traditional securities. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the Fund will succeed. One of the risks associated with purchasing an option is that the Fund pays a premium whether or not the option is exercised.
    
    The Fund may seek to purchase index put options to help reduce downside exposure. However, the effectiveness of the Fund’s index option-based risk management strategy may be reduced if the Fund’s equity portfolio does not correlate to the performance of the underlying option positions. The Fund also risks losing all or part of the cash paid for purchasing index options. Unusual market conditions or a lack of a ready market of any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the Fund’s options strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund’s options strategies may not reduce the Fund’s volatility to the extent desired. From time to time, the Fund may reduce its holdings of put options, resulting in an increased exposure to a market decline.
    
    The goal of the level-rate distribution policy is to provide investors a predictable, though not assured, level of cash flow. Monthly distributions paid may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, and, if necessary, return of capital. Maintenance of this policy may increase transaction and tax costs associated with the Fund.
    
    Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in the variable rates of the leverage financing. The ratio is the percent of borrowing to total assets.
    
    Each fund has specific risks, which are outlined in the respective funds’ prospectuses. The general risks involved in investing in a closed end fund include market volatility risk, dividend and income risk, and loss of investment risk. Please refer to each fund’s prospectus, annual and semi-annual reports at www.calamos.com for complete information on the fund’s performance, investments and risks.
    
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE







Annualized Returns
           		    
AS OF 6/30/17




Market Price2.74%12.39%30.40%33.00%5.94%9.87%6.30%7.96%

NAV0.32%4.64%11.86%15.56%3.96%8.46%5.73%8.02%





Calendar Year-To-Date Total Return
                    
AS OF 6/30/17




Market Price30.40%2.93%-5.06%2.65%11.12%9.88%1.30%10.74%67.08%-44.51%20.68%28.10%-4.88%

NAV11.86%4.38%0.59%2.06%13.94%12.85%-2.21%13.83%40.41%-35.14%22.81%23.05%4.24%

*2005 performance data from inception date of 10/27/05 through 12/31/05





Current Annualized Distribution Rate is the Fund’s most recent distribution, expressed as an annual percentage of the Fund’s current market price per share. The Fund’s most recent distribution was $0.0700 per share. A breakdown of the Fund’s most recent distribution can be found on the Global Total Return Fund Fact Sheet. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions are subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters. Under the Fund’s level rate distribution policy, distributions paid to common shareholders may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains and return of capital. When the net investment income and net realized short-term capital gains are not sufficient, a portion of the level rate distribution will be a return of capital. In addition, a limited number of distributions per calendar year may include net realized long-term capital gains. Distribution rate may vary.
    
Debt Coverage Ratio is the amount of cash flow available to meet annual interest and principal payments on debt. A Debt Coverage Ratio of less than 1 would mean a negative cash flow. For example, a ratio of 0.95 would mean that there was only enough net operating income to cover 95% of annual debt payments.
    
Past Performance
    Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. You can purchase or sell common shares daily. Like any other stock, market price will fluctuate with the market. Upon sale, your shares may have a market price that is above or below net asset value and may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.
    
Important Fund Information

    The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in foreign securities and invest in an array of security types and market-cap sizes, each of which has a unique risk profile. As a result of political or economic instability in foreign countries, there can be special risks associated with investing in foreign securities. These include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increased price volatility, and difficulty obtaining information.
    
    There are certain risks associated with an investment in a convertible bond such as default risk—that the company issuing a convertible security may be unable to repay principal and interest, and interest rate risk—that the convertible may decrease in value if interest rates increase.
    
    Investments by the Fund in lower-rated securities involve substantial risk of loss and present greater risks than investments in higher-rated securities, including less liquidity and increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment.
    
    Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk; as interest rates go up, the value of debt securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline.
    
    The Fund may invest in derivative securities, including options. The use of derivatives present risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in traditional securities. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the Fund will succeed. One of the risks associated with purchasing an option is that the Fund pays a premium whether or not the option is exercised.
    
    The Fund may seek to purchase index put options to help reduce downside exposure. However, the effectiveness of the Fund’s index option-based risk management strategy may be reduced if the Fund’s equity portfolio does not correlate to the performance of the underlying option positions. The Fund also risks losing all or part of the cash paid for purchasing index options. Unusual market conditions or a lack of a ready market of any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the Fund’s options strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund’s options strategies may not reduce the Fund’s volatility to the extent desired. From time to time, the Fund may reduce its holdings of put options, resulting in an increased exposure to a market decline.
    
    The goal of the level-rate distribution policy is to provide investors a predictable, though not assured, level of cash flow. Monthly distributions paid may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, and, if necessary, return of capital. Maintenance of this policy may increase transaction and tax costs associated with the Fund.
    
    Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in the variable rates of the leverage financing. The ratio is the percent of borrowing to total assets.
    
    Each fund has specific risks, which are outlined in the respective funds’ prospectuses. The general risks involved in investing in a closed end fund include market volatility risk, dividend and income risk, and loss of investment risk. Please refer to each fund’s prospectus, annual and semi-annual reports at www.calamos.com for complete information on the fund’s performance, investments and risks.
    
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE










Sector Weightings
AS OF 6/30/17







                        % of Assets
                    



                    Information Technology
                

                    20.1%
                



                    Consumer Discretionary
                

                    18.5%
                



                    Financials
                

                    11.3%
                



                    Health Care
                

                    10.0%
                



                    Industrials
                

                    9.4%
                



                    Consumer Staples
                

                    8.1%
                



                    Energy
                

                    6.7%
                



                    Telecommunication Services
                

                    4.4%
                



                    Materials
                

                    3.6%
                



                    Utilities
                

                    2.0%
                



                    Real Estate
                

                    2.0%
                



                    Index Options
                

                    0.0%
                



                    Sovereign Bonds
                

                    0.0%
                



                    Other
                

                    0.0%
                







Portfolio Asset Allocation
AS OF 6/30/17






Top 10 Holdings  View All Holdings
AS OF 6/30/17




                        Company
                    

                        Security Type
                    

                        % of Net Assets
                    



                    Alphabet, Inc. - Class A
                

                    Common Stock
                
 
                    2.9%
                



                    Alibaba Exchangeable (Softbank)
                

                    Convertible Preferred Stock
                
 
                    2.8%
                



                    Ctrip.com International, Ltd.
                

                    Convertible Bonds
                
 
                    2.4%
                



                    Allergan, PLC
                

                    Convertible Preferred Stock
                
 
                    1.9%
                



                    Apple, Inc.
                

                    Common Stock
                
 
                    1.9%
                



                    Naspers, Ltd. - Class N
                

                    Common Stock
                
 
                    1.9%
                



                    Diageo, PLC
                

                    Common Stock
                
 
                    1.7%
                



                    JPMorgan Chase & Company
                

                    Common Stock
                
 
                    1.4%
                



                    Liberty Interactive, LLC
                

                    Convertible Bonds
                
 
                    1.3%
                



                    Priceline Group, Inc.
                

                    Convertible Bonds
                
 
                    1.3%
                



Total





                        19.5%








Country Exposure
AS OF 6/30/17




Country%



United States                 49.8%

Japan                         7.8%

China                         6.4%

United Kingdom                5.4%

Switzerland                   3.6%

France                        3.6%

Germany                       3.6%

Netherlands                   2.3%

Canada                        2.1%

South Africa                  1.9%







Regional Exposure
AS OF 6/30/17





North America
51.9%


Europe
21.9%


Asia/Pacific
19.4%


Middle East/Africa
2.4%


Latin America
0.5%


Caribbean
0.0%







Quality Allocation
AS OF 6/30/17



Class
%



AAA
0.0%


AA
0.0%


A
2.5%


BBB
14.6%


BB
18.2%


B
12.4%


CCC and below
0.4%


Unrated Securities
51.9%








Bond Duration
AS OF 6/30/17






Weighted Avg. Duration
3.7 years


Weighted Avg. Maturity
3.5 years







Swaps
AS OF 6/30/17



 
                        Maturity
                    
 
                        NotionalAmount
                    
 
                        % of Total Swap
                    
 
                        SwapRate
                    













 
Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in dividend rates on any preferred shares.

The use of swap transactions involves investments techniques and risks that are different from those associated with portfolio security transactions. If Calamos is incorrect in its forecasts of market values, interest rates, and other applicable factors, the investment performance of the Fund will be less favorable than if those techniques had not been used. Those instruments are typically not traded on exchanges. Accordingly, there is risk that the other party to certain of these instruments will not perform its obligations to the Fund or that the Fund may be unable to enter into offsetting positions to terminate its exposure or liquidate its position under certain of these instruments when it wishes to do so. Such occurrences could result in losses to the Fund.

Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.

Sectors, Securities, and Countries mentioned are presented to illustrate sectors in which the fund may invest. Portfolio holdings are subject to change daily.






Current Annualized Distribution Rate is the Fund’s most recent distribution, expressed as an annual percentage of the Fund’s current market price per share. The Fund’s most recent distribution was $0.0700 per share. A breakdown of the Fund’s most recent distribution can be found on the Global Total Return Fund Fact Sheet. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions are subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters. Under the Fund’s level rate distribution policy, distributions paid to common shareholders may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains and return of capital. When the net investment income and net realized short-term capital gains are not sufficient, a portion of the level rate distribution will be a return of capital. In addition, a limited number of distributions per calendar year may include net realized long-term capital gains. Distribution rate may vary.
    
Debt Coverage Ratio is the amount of cash flow available to meet annual interest and principal payments on debt. A Debt Coverage Ratio of less than 1 would mean a negative cash flow. For example, a ratio of 0.95 would mean that there was only enough net operating income to cover 95% of annual debt payments.
    
Past Performance
    Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. You can purchase or sell common shares daily. Like any other stock, market price will fluctuate with the market. Upon sale, your shares may have a market price that is above or below net asset value and may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.
    
Important Fund Information

    The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in foreign securities and invest in an array of security types and market-cap sizes, each of which has a unique risk profile. As a result of political or economic instability in foreign countries, there can be special risks associated with investing in foreign securities. These include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increased price volatility, and difficulty obtaining information.
    
    There are certain risks associated with an investment in a convertible bond such as default risk—that the company issuing a convertible security may be unable to repay principal and interest, and interest rate risk—that the convertible may decrease in value if interest rates increase.
    
    Investments by the Fund in lower-rated securities involve substantial risk of loss and present greater risks than investments in higher-rated securities, including less liquidity and increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment.
    
    Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk; as interest rates go up, the value of debt securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline.
    
    The Fund may invest in derivative securities, including options. The use of derivatives present risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in traditional securities. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the Fund will succeed. One of the risks associated with purchasing an option is that the Fund pays a premium whether or not the option is exercised.
    
    The Fund may seek to purchase index put options to help reduce downside exposure. However, the effectiveness of the Fund’s index option-based risk management strategy may be reduced if the Fund’s equity portfolio does not correlate to the performance of the underlying option positions. The Fund also risks losing all or part of the cash paid for purchasing index options. Unusual market conditions or a lack of a ready market of any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the Fund’s options strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund’s options strategies may not reduce the Fund’s volatility to the extent desired. From time to time, the Fund may reduce its holdings of put options, resulting in an increased exposure to a market decline.
    
    The goal of the level-rate distribution policy is to provide investors a predictable, though not assured, level of cash flow. Monthly distributions paid may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, and, if necessary, return of capital. Maintenance of this policy may increase transaction and tax costs associated with the Fund.
    
    Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in the variable rates of the leverage financing. The ratio is the percent of borrowing to total assets.
    
    Each fund has specific risks, which are outlined in the respective funds’ prospectuses. The general risks involved in investing in a closed end fund include market volatility risk, dividend and income risk, and loss of investment risk. Please refer to each fund’s prospectus, annual and semi-annual reports at www.calamos.com for complete information on the fund’s performance, investments and risks.
    
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE






Literature



CGO Quarterly Commentary
A quarterly discussion of the Calamos Global Total Return Fund performance, related market commentary, and outlook.












CGO Fact Sheet
The CGO Fund seeks total return through a combination of capital appreciation and current income by investing in a globally diversified portfolio of equities, convertible securities and below investment-grade (high-yield) fixed-income securities.












CGO AnnualReport
The CGO annual report includes a letter from John P. Calamos, Sr. to shareholders outlining the fund performance, as well as a comprehensive review of the fund’s activities and financial performance.












CGO Semi Annual Report
The CGO semiannual report includes a letter from John P. Calamos, Sr. to shareholders and provides a comprehensive review of the fund’s activities and financial performance for a six month period.












CGO Prospectus
This prospectus supplement, together with the accompanying prospectus, sets forth concisely the information that you should know before investing. You should read the accompanying prospectus and prospectus supplement, which contain important information, before deciding whether to invest in our securities.












CGO SAI
This prospectus supplement, together with the accompanying prospectus, sets forth concisely the information that you should know before investing. You should read the accompanying prospectus and prospectus supplement, which contain important information, before deciding whether to invest in our securities.












Calamos Closed-End Funds Webcast
A presentation from the Calamos quarterly closed-end funds webcast that provides an update and overview of the closed-end funds marketplace, as well as positioning and performance review for the Calamos closed-end funds.












Calamos Closed-End Funds Announce Portfolio Management Change













Current Annualized Distribution Rate is the Fund’s most recent distribution, expressed as an annual percentage of the Fund’s current market price per share. The Fund’s most recent distribution was $0.0700 per share. A breakdown of the Fund’s most recent distribution can be found on the Global Total Return Fund Fact Sheet. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions are subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters. Under the Fund’s level rate distribution policy, distributions paid to common shareholders may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains and return of capital. When the net investment income and net realized short-term capital gains are not sufficient, a portion of the level rate distribution will be a return of capital. In addition, a limited number of distributions per calendar year may include net realized long-term capital gains. Distribution rate may vary.
    
Debt Coverage Ratio is the amount of cash flow available to meet annual interest and principal payments on debt. A Debt Coverage Ratio of less than 1 would mean a negative cash flow. For example, a ratio of 0.95 would mean that there was only enough net operating income to cover 95% of annual debt payments.
    
Past Performance
    Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. You can purchase or sell common shares daily. Like any other stock, market price will fluctuate with the market. Upon sale, your shares may have a market price that is above or below net asset value and may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.
    
Important Fund Information

    The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in foreign securities and invest in an array of security types and market-cap sizes, each of which has a unique risk profile. As a result of political or economic instability in foreign countries, there can be special risks associated with investing in foreign securities. These include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increased price volatility, and difficulty obtaining information.
    
    There are certain risks associated with an investment in a convertible bond such as default risk—that the company issuing a convertible security may be unable to repay principal and interest, and interest rate risk—that the convertible may decrease in value if interest rates increase.
    
    Investments by the Fund in lower-rated securities involve substantial risk of loss and present greater risks than investments in higher-rated securities, including less liquidity and increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment.
    
    Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk; as interest rates go up, the value of debt securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline.
    
    The Fund may invest in derivative securities, including options. The use of derivatives present risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in traditional securities. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the Fund will succeed. One of the risks associated with purchasing an option is that the Fund pays a premium whether or not the option is exercised.
    
    The Fund may seek to purchase index put options to help reduce downside exposure. However, the effectiveness of the Fund’s index option-based risk management strategy may be reduced if the Fund’s equity portfolio does not correlate to the performance of the underlying option positions. The Fund also risks losing all or part of the cash paid for purchasing index options. Unusual market conditions or a lack of a ready market of any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the Fund’s options strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund’s options strategies may not reduce the Fund’s volatility to the extent desired. From time to time, the Fund may reduce its holdings of put options, resulting in an increased exposure to a market decline.
    
    The goal of the level-rate distribution policy is to provide investors a predictable, though not assured, level of cash flow. Monthly distributions paid may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, and, if necessary, return of capital. Maintenance of this policy may increase transaction and tax costs associated with the Fund.
    
    Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in the variable rates of the leverage financing. The ratio is the percent of borrowing to total assets.
    
    Each fund has specific risks, which are outlined in the respective funds’ prospectuses. The general risks involved in investing in a closed end fund include market volatility risk, dividend and income risk, and loss of investment risk. Please refer to each fund’s prospectus, annual and semi-annual reports at www.calamos.com for complete information on the fund’s performance, investments and risks.
    
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE








Current Annualized Distribution Rate is the Fund’s most recent distribution, expressed as an annual percentage of the Fund’s current market price per share. The Fund’s most recent distribution was $0.0700 per share. A breakdown of the Fund’s most recent distribution can be found on the Global Total Return Fund Fact Sheet. Estimates are calculated on a tax basis rather than on a generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) basis, but should not be used for tax reporting purposes. Distributions are subject to re-characterization for tax purposes after the end of the fiscal year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters. Under the Fund’s level rate distribution policy, distributions paid to common shareholders may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains and return of capital. When the net investment income and net realized short-term capital gains are not sufficient, a portion of the level rate distribution will be a return of capital. In addition, a limited number of distributions per calendar year may include net realized long-term capital gains. Distribution rate may vary.
    
Debt Coverage Ratio is the amount of cash flow available to meet annual interest and principal payments on debt. A Debt Coverage Ratio of less than 1 would mean a negative cash flow. For example, a ratio of 0.95 would mean that there was only enough net operating income to cover 95% of annual debt payments.
    
Past Performance
    Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. You can purchase or sell common shares daily. Like any other stock, market price will fluctuate with the market. Upon sale, your shares may have a market price that is above or below net asset value and may be worth more or less than your original investment. Shares of closed-end funds frequently trade at a market price that is below their net asset value.
    
Important Fund Information

    The Fund may invest up to 100% of its assets in foreign securities and invest in an array of security types and market-cap sizes, each of which has a unique risk profile. As a result of political or economic instability in foreign countries, there can be special risks associated with investing in foreign securities. These include fluctuations in currency exchange rates, increased price volatility, and difficulty obtaining information.
    
    There are certain risks associated with an investment in a convertible bond such as default risk—that the company issuing a convertible security may be unable to repay principal and interest, and interest rate risk—that the convertible may decrease in value if interest rates increase.
    
    Investments by the Fund in lower-rated securities involve substantial risk of loss and present greater risks than investments in higher-rated securities, including less liquidity and increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment.
    
    Fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk; as interest rates go up, the value of debt securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline.
    
    The Fund may invest in derivative securities, including options. The use of derivatives present risks different from, and possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in traditional securities. There is no assurance that any derivative strategy used by the Fund will succeed. One of the risks associated with purchasing an option is that the Fund pays a premium whether or not the option is exercised.
    
    The Fund may seek to purchase index put options to help reduce downside exposure. However, the effectiveness of the Fund’s index option-based risk management strategy may be reduced if the Fund’s equity portfolio does not correlate to the performance of the underlying option positions. The Fund also risks losing all or part of the cash paid for purchasing index options. Unusual market conditions or a lack of a ready market of any particular option at a specific time may reduce the effectiveness of the Fund’s options strategies, and for these and other reasons the Fund’s options strategies may not reduce the Fund’s volatility to the extent desired. From time to time, the Fund may reduce its holdings of put options, resulting in an increased exposure to a market decline.
    
    The goal of the level-rate distribution policy is to provide investors a predictable, though not assured, level of cash flow. Monthly distributions paid may include net investment income, net realized short-term capital gains, and, if necessary, return of capital. Maintenance of this policy may increase transaction and tax costs associated with the Fund.
    
    Leverage creates risks which may adversely affect return, including the likelihood of greater volatility of net asset value and market price of common shares; and fluctuations in the variable rates of the leverage financing. The ratio is the percent of borrowing to total assets.
    
    Each fund has specific risks, which are outlined in the respective funds’ prospectuses. The general risks involved in investing in a closed end fund include market volatility risk, dividend and income risk, and loss of investment risk. Please refer to each fund’s prospectus, annual and semi-annual reports at www.calamos.com for complete information on the fund’s performance, investments and risks.
    
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE









Investment Products

Institutional Strategies
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Investment Funds (UCITS)



Market Insights

Thought Leadership
Investment Commentary
Blog
Videos



Account Access

Institutional Strategies
Individual Investors
Investment Professionals



Resources

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Institutional Strategies
Applications & Forms
Tax Center



About Calamos

Company
Careers



Follow Us











Check the background of this investment professional on FINRA's BrokerCheck.


Before investing carefully consider the fund's investment objectives,
            risks, charges and expenses. Please see the prospectus and summary prospectus containing
            this and other information or call 1-800-582-6959. Read it carefully before
            investing.
Calamos Financial Services LLC, Distributor
©2014 Calamos Investments LLC. All Rights Reserved. Calamos®,
            Calamos Investments® and Investment strategies for your serious
            money® are registered trademarks of Calamos Investments LLC.
Calamos Investments LLC, referred to herein as Calamos Investments®,
            is a financial services company offering such services through its
            subsidiaries: Calamos Advisors LLC, Calamos Wealth Management LLC, Calamos
            Investments LLP and Calamos Financial Services LLC.
Important Legal Information | Privacy
            Policy | Business Continuity | Code of Business
            Conduct and Ethics
Desktop Version



Speak with a Calamos Investment Consultant at 888-571-2567

























  XCGOX Quote - Calamos Global Total Return Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Calamos Global Total Return Fund   XCGOX:US   NASDAQ GM        12.94USD   0.03   0.23%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/21/2017     Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   11.59 - 12.97    1 Yr Return   14.60%    YTD Return   14.95%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   12.97    52Wk Range   11.59 - 12.97    1 Yr Return   15.06%    YTD Return   14.95%    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   Global Allocation    Asset Class Focus   Mixed Allocation    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/21/2017)   12.94    Total Assets (m USD) (on 06/30/2017)   107.346    Inception Date   10/26/2005    Last Dividend (on 07/07/2017)   0.1    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   9.27%    Fund Managers   JOHN P CALAMOS SR / NICK P CALAMOS    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   0.00%    Current Mgmt Fee   1.00%    Expense Ratio   2.11%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        GOOGL:US   Alphabet Inc    4.68 k 4.62 m 3.09      FIPXX:US   Fidelity Prime Money Market Po    4.04 m 4.05 m 2.71      MVRXX:US   Morgan Stanley Institutional L    4.04 m 4.04 m 2.71      EP050909:PFD   METUSA 5 ¾ 06/03/19    25.38 k 3.64 m 2.44      EK988308:COR   CTRP 1 07/01/20    3.04 k 3.51 m 2.35      AAPL:US   Apple Inc    19.40 k 2.96 m 1.98      EP048150:PFD   AGN 5 ½ 03/01/18    3.28 k 2.63 m 1.76      DGE:LN   Diageo PLC    85.00 k 2.55 m 1.71      QZ280144:COR   LINTA 1 ¾ 09/30/46    1.69 k 1.96 m 1.31      EK439041:COR   PCLN 0.9 09/15/21    1.64 k 1.88 m 1.26           Profile   Calamos Global Total Return Fund is a newly organized, diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to provide total return, through a combination of capital appreciation and current income. The Fund invests in a portfolio of common and preferred, convertible securities and income producing securities.    Address  Calamos Investment Trust2020 Calamos CourtNaperville, IL 60563-1463USA   Phone  1-800-582-6959   Website   www.calamos.com              








Calamos Global Total Return Fund - NASDAQ:CGO - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO)
Follow




                                13.35
                            







                        NASDAQ : Financial
                    

Jul 21, 2017 3:59 PM EDT












Prev Close
  13.37


Day Low/High

                                    13.28 /
                                    13.44


52 Wk Low/High

                                    10.34 /
                                    13.59
                                


Avg Volume 
45.10K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
8.47M


Market Cap
113.18M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            1.20
                                            (9.00%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News









Wednesday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: CGO, CSQ, OUT











3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: CGO, CHI, CSH

















3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tuesday: CGO, TAL, TRCO
CGO TAL TRCO are going ex-dividend Tuesday, Tuesday, March 08, 2016

Mar 7, 2016 10:00 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: CGO, CHI, COLB
CGO CHI COLB are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, February 08, 2016

Feb 5, 2016 10:00 AM EST













Tuesday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: CGO, PPR, GVA
CGO PPR GVA are going ex-dividend Tuesday, Tuesday, December 29, 2015

Dec 28, 2015 10:00 AM EST













3 Stocks With Upcoming Ex-Dividend Dates: CGO, CCD, CNO
CGO CCD CNO are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Tuesday, December 08, 2015

Dec 7, 2015 10:00 AM EST













CGO Ex-Dividend Reminder - 12/8/15
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 12/8/15, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 12/15/15. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $11.49, this dividend works out to approximately 0.87%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.87% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 12/8/15.

Dec 4, 2015 10:03 AM EST













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, CHY, NHTC
CGO CHY NHTC are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, November 06, 2015

Nov 5, 2015 10:00 AM EST













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, CHW, PTY
CGO CHW PTY are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, October 07, 2015

Oct 6, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Calamos Global Total Return Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (CGO)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 9/8/15, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 9/15/15. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $11.90, this dividend works out to approximately 0.84%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.84% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 9/8/15.

Sep 4, 2015 10:28 AM EDT













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tuesday: CGO, CSQ, AL
CGO CSQ AL are going ex-dividend Tuesday, Tuesday, September 08, 2015

Sep 4, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, CHI, BBEP
CGO CHI BBEP are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, August 07, 2015

Aug 6, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, AWF, RAS
CGO AWF RAS are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, July 08, 2015

Jul 7, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













CGO Ex-Dividend Reminder - 7/8/15
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 7/8/15, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 7/15/15. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $13.70, this dividend works out to approximately 0.73%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.73% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 7/8/15.

Jul 6, 2015 10:15 AM EDT













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: CGO, TU, SCG
CGO TU SCG are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, June 08, 2015

Jun 5, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, CHW, CSQ
CGO CHW CSQ are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, May 08, 2015

May 7, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Reminder - Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 5/8/15, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 5/15/15. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $13.88, this dividend works out to approximately 0.72%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.72% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 5/8/15.

May 6, 2015 10:33 AM EDT













Tomorrow's Ex-Dividends To Watch: CGO, CHY, PDCO
CGO CHY PDCO are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, April 08, 2015

Apr 7, 2015 10:00 AM EDT













Cash Dividend On The Way From Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 4/8/15, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 4/15/15. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $13.33, this dividend works out to approximately 0.75%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.75% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 4/8/15.

Apr 6, 2015 10:40 AM EDT













Monday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: CGO, NEWM, KND
CGO NEWM KND are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, March 09, 2015

Mar 6, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Reminder - Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO) Goes Ex-Dividend Soon
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 2/6/15, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 2/13/15. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $13.24, this dividend works out to approximately 0.76%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.76% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 2/6/15.

Feb 5, 2015 10:03 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, PPR, OLN
CGO PPR OLN are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, February 06, 2015

Feb 5, 2015 10:00 AM EST













Monday's Ex-Dividends To Watch: CGO, TCAP, AEE
CGO TCAP AEE are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, December 08, 2014

Dec 5, 2014 10:00 AM EST













Calamos Global Total Return Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (CGO)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 12/8/14, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 12/15/14. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $14.01, this dividend works out to approximately 0.71%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.71% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 12/8/14.

Dec 4, 2014 10:30 AM EST













Calamos Global Total Return Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (CGO)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 11/6/14, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 11/14/14. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $13.56, this dividend works out to approximately 0.74%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.74% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 11/6/14.

Nov 5, 2014 10:37 AM EST













Ex-Dividend Alert: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, CVRR, HME
CGO CVRR HME are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Thursday, November 06, 2014

Nov 5, 2014 10:24 AM EST













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, CHW, CHY
CGO CHW CHY are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Tuesday, October 07, 2014

Oct 6, 2014 10:00 AM EDT













Calamos Global Total Return Fund About To Put More Money In Your Pocket (CGO)
Looking at the universe of stocks we cover at Dividend Channel, on 10/7/14, Calamos Global Total Return Fund will trade ex-dividend, for its monthly dividend of $0.10, payable on 10/15/14. As a percentage of CGO's recent stock price of $13.36, this dividend works out to approximately 0.75%, so look for shares of Calamos Global Total Return Fund to trade 0.75% lower — all else being equal — when CGO shares open for trading on 10/7/14.

Oct 3, 2014 10:10 AM EDT













3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: CGO, SJI, XYL
CGO SJI XYL are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, September 08, 2014

Sep 5, 2014 10:06 AM EDT













Dividend Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: CGO, CHI, FIG
CGO CHI FIG are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, August 08, 2014

Aug 7, 2014 10:04 AM EDT



















Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

SeekingAlpha



Equity CEFs: A Little More Sanity In CEFs

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

SeekingAlpha



The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

SeekingAlpha



Global Equity CEFs Are Hot - Should You Buy?

SeekingAlpha



Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?

SeekingAlpha



The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

SeekingAlpha



Want High Yield With Limited Downside Risk? Try Convertibles

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments goes ex-dividend tomorrow

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments goes ex-dividend tomorrow

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments goes ex-dividend today

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

SeekingAlpha



Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

SeekingAlpha


































 











Trending


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


As Snap Continues to Stumble, Should It Consider Selling Itself?


Amazon 'Deceptive' Pricing Probe by the FTC Could Be the Start of a Government Siege


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


Why Tesla Should Terrify Investors











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















    CGO Key Statistics - Calamos Global Total Return Fund Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Calamos Global Total Return Fund

                  NASDAQ: CGO
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Calamos Global Total Return Fund



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


CGO

/quotes/zigman/10752628/composite


$
13.35




Change

-0.02
-0.15%

Volume
Volume 19,925
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/10752628/composite
Previous close

$
			13.37
		


$
				13.35
			
Change

-0.02
-0.15%





Day low
Day high
$13.28
$13.44










52 week low
52 week high

            $10.34
        

            $13.59
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. John Peter Calamos 
75
2004
President, Chief Executive Officer & Trustee



Ms. Virginia G. Breen 
53
2015
Independent Trustee





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/cgo

      MarketWatch News on CGO
    
No News currently available for CGO





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/cgo

      Other News on CGO
    





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

4:31 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Equity CEFs: A Little More Sanity In CEFs

10:22 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

12:20 p.m. June 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The 9.9%+ Yields Every Retiree Must Own

9:00 a.m. May 11, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

2:26 p.m. May 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report, April 2017: All Is Calm In CEF Land

11:32 a.m. May 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Global Equity CEFs Are Hot - Should You Buy?

2:42 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?

8:31 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

6:16 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

1:05 p.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Want High Yield With Limited Downside Risk? Try Convertibles

6:14 a.m. March 9, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments goes ex-dividend tomorrow

1:10 p.m. March 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments goes ex-dividend tomorrow

4:31 p.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments goes ex-dividend today

3:28 p.m. Dec. 28, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

12:55 p.m. Dec. 8, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

1:26 p.m. Nov. 4, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

7:17 a.m. Oct. 6, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Investments declares monthly distributions

8:43 a.m. Sept. 8, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Monthly Income Ideas: 40 Closed-End Funds With 8% To 9% Yields (Part 6)

11:34 a.m. March 23, 2012
 - Seeking Alpha





Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund: An Income-Equity Closed-End Fund

3:29 p.m. Dec. 30, 2011
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Calamos Global Total Return Fund
2020 Calamos Court


Naperville, Illinois 60563-2787




Phone
1 6302451046


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for CGO











/news/pressrelease/company/us/cgo

      Press Releases on CGO
    




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for July 2017
4:05 p.m. June 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for June 2017
4:10 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for May 2017
4:05 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for April 2017
4:05 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for March 2017
5:05 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for February 2017
5:17 p.m. Jan. 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for January 2017
5:24 p.m. Dec. 19, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for December 2016
5:05 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for November 2016
4:16 p.m. Oct. 28, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for October 2016
4:05 p.m. Sept. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for September 2016
4:05 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for September 2016
4:05 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Calamos Closed-End Funds (NASDAQ: CHI, CHY, CSQ, CGO, CHW and CCD) Announce Monthly Distributions for August 2016
4:05 p.m. July 29, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:54 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:53aTrump says he has ‘complete power to pardon’
9:29aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
9:27aAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
9:24aExxon earnings: Will stock trade higher on expected second-quarter beat?
9:20aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
9:20aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
9:20aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
9:18aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
9:00aThis is what should really worry you about stocks
8:26aEuro rally has room to run if this pattern continues to hold true
8:25aWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
8:25aAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
8:25aWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
8:21aStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms 
8:15a9 charts that capture how the rest of the world feels about Donald Trump
6:00a4 questions you should never answer at work
6:00aThe shocking amount guests now have to spend to attend a wedding
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




























































Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO) Distribution 
























Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Calamos Global Total Return Fund
 CGO


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilings







Latest Distribution History
 CGO





Annual Distributions
 CGO


Bar Graph
Pie Graph




Income



S/T Cap Gain



L/T Cap Gain



Return Cap











                         
                    











  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










  




 Calamos Global Total Return Fund (CGO) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Calamos Global Total Return Fund
 CGO


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






Morningstar Gbl Allocation TR USD





Morningstar Gbl Allocation TR USD



MPT Benchmark


Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


Morningstar Gbl Allocation TR USD







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









World Allocation


World Allocation


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation CGO





 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 05/31/2017








Cash
5.44
—
5.44
4.01
2.14






US Stock
27.11
—
27.11
31.92
25.20






Non US Stock
27.55
—
27.55
28.06
26.14






Bond
12.14
—
12.14
35.47
39.21






Other
27.76
—
27.76
0.53
7.31








 
 


 















Style Details CGO



Equity Style


Bond Style







              Market Capitalization 
           






 Size
% of Portfolio
Benchmark
Category Avg







Giant
83.24
42.81
51.31





Large
11.96
29.73
23.90





Medium
4.80
20.78
18.52





Small
0.00
6.57
4.77





Micro
0.00
0.12
1.50







Size of Holdings








Fund
Benchmark
Category Avg









                      Average Market Cap (mil)
                      


                      120,183.75
                  

                      31,640.44
                  

                      35,310.55
                  







                      Total Equity Portfolio Market Value (mil)

                     	40.31
                  

                     	25.59
                  

                     	29.00
                  








            Value & Growth Measures
          







Stock Portfolio
Benchmark
Category Avg




As of 05/31/2017*Forward-looking based on historical dataStyle and Market Cap Breakdown and Value and Growth Measures are calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.







Price/Prospective Earnings*
16.72
16.71
16.83





Price/Book*
1.97
1.94
1.90





Price/Sales*
1.63
1.46
1.47





Price/Cash Flow*
6.86
6.69
6.84





Long-Term Earnings %
8.72
2.66
8.77





Historical Earnings %
0.15
-29.13
-39.39





Sales Growth %
0.82
-42.51
-42.73





Cash-Flow Growth %
2.35
-17.43
-39.61





Book-Value Growth %
4.45
-29.31
-31.35







 


Ownership Zone




 

Weighted Average of holdings75% of fund's stock holdings


 

Holdings Style





Portfolio Weight%

> 50%
25–50%
10–25%
0–10%




                            Investment Style History
                        







Year
Style
% Equity




*As of 05/31/2017Style Box Detail calculations do not include the fund's short positions (if any).







2017*

54.66



2016

56.98



2015

49.15



2014

44.94



2013

52.51









Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of 05/31/2017







2017

12



2016

11



2015

7



2014

13



2013

9





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of 02/29/2016








                        		Weighted Average Credit Rating
                        		


	                        	CCC+





Average Weighted Coupon
                        		

3





Average Weighted Price
                        	

112








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
0
—
—










AA
0
—
—






A
5
—
—








BBB
19
—
—








BB
21
—
—








B
6
—
—








Below B
49
—
—








Not Rated
0
—
—








As of 05/31/2017Credit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Sector Weightings CGO



Equity Sector


Bond Sector



















% Stocks
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight










Cyclical
















Basic Materials
3.24
5.88
5.10








Consumer Cyclical
8.89
11.76
12.92








Financial Services
14.02
18.70
17.34









Real Estate
0.00
4.40
5.59












Sensitive
















Communication Services
4.23
3.71
4.27








Energy
7.44
5.64
6.18








Industrials
7.68
11.94
12.15









Technology
24.42
14.87
14.62











Defensive
















Consumer Defensive
14.97
8.83
8.07








Healthcare
11.45
11.00
10.02









Utilities
3.66
3.26
3.75








As of 05/31/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Government
0.00
56.54
45.95












Government
0.00
55.82
23.56








Government-Related
0.00
0.71
22.39








 
 
 
 






Corporate
87.25
18.10
15.30








 
 
 
 






Securitized
0.00
15.10
7.89












Agency Mortgage-Backed
0.00
14.84
2.21








Non-Agency Residential MBS
0.00
0.00
0.93








Commercial MBS
0.00
0.26
1.58








Asset-Backed
0.00
0.01
3.16








Covered Bond
0.00
0.00
0.00








 
 
 
 






Municipal
0.00
0.00
0.16








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
12.75
10.26
30.02








 
 
 
 






Other
0.00
0.00
0.69








As of 05/31/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
3.21
0.79
2.69











0% to 4%
66.10
70.61
74.45








4% to 6%
16.30
21.09
12.56








6% to 8%
14.04
5.79
5.26








8% to 10%
0.34
1.36
3.96








10% to 12%
0.00
0.27
1.02








More than 12%
0.00
0.09
0.07








As of 05/31/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 CGO
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
74.08
32.58
72.86







Luxembourg
10.68
0.54
0.75







Canada
8.88
1.52
2.42







Bermuda
6.35
0.19
0.18







 






As of 05/31/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 CGO
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
23.23
21.92
11.86







3 to 5 Years
35.68
16.83
22.08







5 to 7 Years
11.41
9.58
4.56







7 to 10 Years
10.04
18.24
26.44







10 to 15 Years
2.01
7.83
4.22







15 to 20 Years
4.97
7.34
3.43







20 to 30 Years
4.25
15.94
8.03







Over 30 Years
0.00
2.33
3.14







 






As of 02/29/2016














Take a 14-day free trial.
See Country Level Detail.


World Regions CGO









% Stocks
Benchmark
Category Avg




As of  05/31/2017Region breakdown data is calculated by using the long position holdings of the portfolio equity part only.







Americas
51.00
57.57
51.48





North America
51.00
56.26
50.73





Latin America
0.00
1.31
0.75





Greater Europe
25.03
22.25
26.26





United Kingdom
5.83
5.66
7.42





Europe Developed
17.63
14.98
17.22





Europe Emerging
0.00
0.63
0.77





Africa/Middle East
1.57
0.98
0.86





Greater Asia
23.97
20.18
22.26





Japan
14.94
8.66
9.35





Australasia
0.00
2.33
1.37





Asia Developed
6.00
4.58
6.35





Asia Emerging
3.03
4.61
5.20








Market Classification








% Developed Markets
95.40
92.84
92.88





% Emerging Markets
4.60
7.16
7.11







 


Greater Asia
Americas
Greater Europe









Bond Duration CGO











 
Unadjusted for Leverage
Leverage Adjusted







Average Weighted Duration

	   				3.60
          

	   				5.24
          





Effective Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
           




Modified Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          












As of 02/29/2016




 








Detail
Value







Average Weighted Maturity

	   				3.50
          





Effective Maturity

	   				—
          













Bond Call Profile
	
	 CGO
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














2017
—
—
—







2018
—
—
—







2019
—
—
—







2020
—
—
—







2021
—
—
—







5 Year +
—
—
—







Non-Callable
—
—
—







 






As of date not available



 























	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Total Return Fund (PTTFX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Total Return Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size






Ticker Symbol:


			
				PTTFX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/21/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$10.15
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/21/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								3.87%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.85
							
							-
							
								$10.16
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$31.50

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Total Return Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Intermediate-Term Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to maximize total return through income and capital appreciation.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/21/2017)
								
							



						
						
							2.87%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.63%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.07%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
						2.68% 
						


				
					
						2.68%
						



Inception Date

						
							November 15, 2016
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.72%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.57%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















Over 80% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 3/31/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Asset Allocation





An Inside Look at T. Rowe Price® ActivePlus Portfolios

July 13, 2017









Retirement Planning





6 Key Ingredients for Retirement Planning

July 10, 2017









Markets & Economy





Quarterly Market Review

June 30, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*144 of our 330 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 122 of these 144 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 204 of 311 (66%), 175 of 213, 140 of 178 (79%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
24 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 3/31/17 (includes all share classes). 23 of these 24 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 35 of 36, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 3/31/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 168 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 3/31/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
























JPMorgan Total Return Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Total Return Fund(JMTAX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
  




Designed ToDesigned to deliver high total return through investing in a wide range of debt securities.ApproachUtilizes a dynamic approach that combines traditional fixed income with opportunistic investingEmploys a top-down, macro-driven approach to help mitigate risks of benchmark-constrained strategiesSelects investments by analyzing the performance potential of individual securities and different market sectors










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 William  Eigen Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Total Return (A)




Commentary: Total Return







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 

Uncertified Portfolio Holdings - Total Return Fund




Supplemental Data Sheet - Total Return Fund


Building stronger fixed income portfolios



Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Total Return Fund







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 0.66% for A Shares, 1.31% for C Shares, 0.56% for I Shares, 1.16% for R2 Shares, 0.46% for R5 Shares and 0.41% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 6/30/2017 for A Shares, 6/30/2017 for C Shares, 6/30/2017 for I Shares, 6/30/2017 for R2 Shares, 6/30/2017 for R5 Shares and 6/30/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index is an unmanaged index representing SEC-registered taxable and dollar denominated securities. It covers the U.S. investment grade fixed rate bond market, with index components for government and corporate securities, mortgage pass-through, and asset-backed securities. The performance of the Lipper Core Plus Bond Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. The value of investments in mortgage-related and asset-backed securities will be influenced by the factors affecting the housing market and the assets underlying such securities. The securities may decline in value, face valuation difficulties, become more volatile and/or become illiquid. They are also subject to prepayment risk, which occurs when mortgage holders refinance or otherwise repay their loans sooner than expected, creating an early return of principal to holders of the loans. The Fund may use futures contracts, swaps, and derivatives in connection with its investment strategies. Derivatives are subject to the risk that changes in the value of a derivative may not correlate perfectly with the underlying asset, rate or index.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. Duration: Measures price sensitivity of fixed income securities to interest rate changes. Average Life: The length of time the principal of a debt issue is expected to be outstanding.
















Fixed Income - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Fixed Income
			




Build stronger fixed income portfolios

	We have built and innovated our fixed income capabilities with just one aim: build stronger portfolios to solve our clients’ needs. Today we are one of the top fixed income managers in the world.
Download the framework


Diverse perspectives, integrated solutions 

Research Driven
Access the power of a globally integrated team of investment professionals and our proprietary research, encompassing fundamental, quantitative and technical analysis.


Actionable Insights
Benefit from actionable insights designed to help you invest with conviction, from our regular macro and market views, to our fixed income portfolio construction tools.
 

Outcome Oriented
Choose from a wide variety of outcome-oriented solutions designed to address all your fixed income needs.


Demonstrated Results
Tap into the proven success of one of the world’s largest fixed income managers, with broad experience gained across regions and market cycles.



Featured Fixed Income Funds


 


“Rather than try to outguess the market, investors should seek to craft an all-weather bond portfolio, one that delivers the benefits of fixed income in a variety of scenarios.”
PRISCILLA HANCOCK, GLOBAL FIXED INCOME STRATEGIST 






BUILDING STRONGER FIXED INCOME PORTFOLIOS


Download the framework >






Fixed income funds
                         


View All Taxable Fixed Income Funds   
View All Tax Exempt Fixed Income Funds  




Other Asset Classes
                         


Equity Funds  
Multi-Asset Solutions  
Alternatives Funds  
Money Market Funds  






Investments in bonds and other debt securities will change in value based on changes in interest rates. If rates rise, the value of these investments generally drops.
 
Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Principle #1: Plan on Living a Long Time - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar








PRINCIPLE #1: PLAN ON LIVING A LONG TIME

DON’T LET YOUR CLIENTS' MONEY RUN OUT

Your clients are living longer, and many of them haven't saved enough. Use our Principles for Successful Long-Term Investing to talk to them about this reality, and to help them be prepared.
ACCESS ALL 7 PRINCIPLES







 














We are living longer

Thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles, people who are 65 today have a very good chance of reaching ages 80 or 90. A 65-year-old couple might be surprised to learn that at least one of them has a 48% probability of living another 25 years and needing investments to last until age 90.

	 

Many of us have not saved enough

Studies reveal that individuals do not feel adequately prepared for retirement. Investors should start early by saving more, investing with discipline and having a plan for their future.

	 

	 

Explore More Principles

Learn more about successful long-term investing
   NEXT PRINCIPLE   >   






4 STRATEGIES FOR LONG-TERM INVESTORS

We offer investment strategies covering all asset classes for diversification and risk management to help you and your clients build stronger portfolios.
ACCESS 4 HIGH CONVICTION FUNDS



Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss. Diversification among investment options and asset classes may help to reduce overall volatility.

















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 




