

California Equity Capital LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























california equity capital llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
California Capital Equity, LLC operates as an investment management company. The Company serves customers in the State of California.




Corporate Information
Address:

5233 Springridge Way
Fairfield, CA 94534
United States


Phone:
1-310-836-6400


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































CalCap, California Capital Partners, LLC






















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 
								      (Requires Password)




































California Capital Partners, LLC 
Financing Business Growth And Development

 

 


  About Investment Funds 

CalCap’s  funds provide both debt and equity capital sources to qualifying businesses.

[read more]


 Investment Strategy 

CalCap requires that the   companies we invest in are already established (i.e. not "seed" stage),   well-managed, and have an investment liquidation strategy. 


[read more] 










 



About Us 
California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap)  is the manager of venture capital funds specializing in investing in small to  medium sized technology-based businesses with high growth potential. CalCap  manages equity and debt investments into companies that meet the investment  criteria of our Funds. Typically, we invest in companies that need capital to  fund rapid growth.

[READ MORE about us] 






Los Angeles

Toronto

Silicon Valley

San Diego

New York

Vancouver









Our Team

CalCap management is a seasoned  professional and entrepreneurial team with complimentary skills that  include both investing and operating experience, as well as financial  and legal advisory capabilities.


Useful Tools

												      CalCap generally evaluates   opportunities that have been referred to it by intermediaries that understand   our investment criteria, process, and interests.


[read more]
[read more]


 









PRESS RELEASES

MEDIA COVERAGE




















CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us | About Funding | Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 











Designed and maintained by Vision 4 Dezign







Useful Tools



















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 
                                    (Requires Password)


































 


Useful Tools

CalCap    evaluates opportunities that have been referred to it by intermediaries 
that   understand our investment criteria, process, and interests. Nevertheless, we   
encourage entrepreneurs to use the following tools to develop their investment   presentations:

Business Plan Outline  
Sample Slide Presentation (coming soon) 




 

























 

Useful Links
Keiretsu Forum 
DCA
Terra   Nova Capital
Resonnect 
Nath Law Group


 





 



 



 


 






















CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us |About Funding  | Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 

















CalCap, California Capital Partners, LLC :: About Us






















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 
								      (Requires Password)




































We do not want to run your company, but we want to help you to achieve   business success. 



 

 


 CalCap believes that a strong working partnership between the investor and   portfolio companies is essential to the success of each party. In particular,   both parties must share common vision, goals, and business practices. CalCap   routinely provides support and assistance to the management of its portfolio   companies through our active participation on the Board of Directors, as well as   other roles such as: strategic introductions through our U.S. and international   networks, assistance in the selection of key personnel, contribution to the   company's growth and financial strategy development, assistance with additional   capital raising, M&As, and IPOs. 


 











 


About Us 


California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap)  is the manager of venture capital funds specializing in investing in small to  medium sized technology-based businesses with high growth potential. CalCap  manages equity and debt investments into companies that meet the investment  criteria of our Funds. Typically, we invest in companies that need capital to  fund rapid growth.


The CalCap organization incorporates: 


Managers of previous investment       transactions collectively exceeding US $2 billion with successful outcomes       since the 1980s.
Operations in the U.S. (California       & New York) and Canada (Ontario and British Columbia). 
A global network of strategic       resources consisting of managerial talent and capital resources that add       value to our portfolio companies.
A proprietary investment process* that       enhances outcomes for both our investors and our portfolio companies. 


 







											    *SEIMS® (Sourcing, Evaluating, Investing, &   Monitoring System) 



 


















CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us |About Funding| Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 

















Our Team




















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 

                                    (Requires Password)


































 


John R. Nelson,  Managing  Director: BA/BS, MA, and PhD/ABD. 30+years executive experience in tech  industries and venture capital (entrepreneurial enterprises and Fortune 500);  24 years in the venture capital industry; 14 years institutional venture  capital. Managing Partner of international venture capital firm; serves on  Boards of Directors; responsible for financing matters and investor relations.  Read More 


Philip B. Smith,  Emeritus  Manager: BSE and MBA, and Adjunct Professor of the Graduate School of Business  at Columbia University founder of Citicorp Venture Capital in 1967, and served  as its first President and Chief Executive Officer, building Citicorp's pioneer  venture capital group into a $40 million fund that has earned Citicorp over $7  billion; protégés include many of the current luminaries of the venture capital  industry; also participates as a special limited partner and co-founder of  Utech Venture Capital Corp; serves on Boards of Directors; responsible for  financing matters and investor relations. Read More


 





 








 


Our Team


                                              CalCap   management is a seasoned professional and entrepreneurial team with   complimentary skills that include both investing and operating experience, as   well as financial and legal advisory capabilities.


 


 


 


CalCap  Advisors & Venture   Partners 


 


CalCap management is a seasoned professional and  entrepreneurial team with complimentary skills that include both investing and  operating experience, as well as financial and legal advisory capabilities.


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 
 




 


















CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us | About Funding  | Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 

















Press Releases




















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 
                                    (Requires Password)




































Press Releases 

THE FAMILY CHOICE FUND
Unique Private Equity Fund From California Capital Partners

											    June 5th 2013
Irvine, CA…The Family Choice Fund is a special purpose  private equity fund that addresses legacy and continuity in family offices and  closely-held enterprises. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

CALIFORNIA CAPITAL  PARTNERS, LLC MOVES TORONTO  OFFICE
January 2nd, 2012
  Newport Beach, CA… California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap) a seasoned  venture capital manager, ... CLICK HERE TO READ MORE


WILL VENTURE DEBT REPLACE THE TRADITIONAL VENTURE  CAPITAL MODEL? 
December 12th 2011
                                                Los Angeles,   CA… With the launch of its  subsidiary, Transaction Capital, LLC, (TransCap), California Capital Partners,  LLC (CalCap), has increased the scope of services it provides to its clients. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE


							          CALCAP PARTNERS  BROADENS FINANCIAL SERVICE OFFERINGS WITH THE LAUNCH OF  ITS TRANS CAP SUBSIDIARY
November 14th, 2011
                                                Los Angeles,   CA… With the launch of its  subsidiary, Transaction Capital, LLC, (TransCap), California Capital Partners,  LLC (CalCap), has increased the scope of services it provides to its clients. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

CALCAP PARTNERS  INTRODUCES FUNDS MANAGEMENT SERVICE TO ACCELERATE RETURNS  OF CAPITAL TO LPs
October 17th, 2011
										        Los Angeles,   CA… California Capital Partners,  LLC,  (CalCap), an international merchant  bank, has introduced a funds management service to accelerate the return of capital  to Limited Partner investors in non-performing venture funds. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

DECISION POINT FACILITATES MISSION-CRITICAL GUIDANCE, RESPONSIVENESS TO CHANGE
December 27th, 2010
Newport Beach, CA… Decision Point, a portfolio  company of California Capital Partners, is the “go-to” provider of facilitated  decision-making.  Backed by years of  multi-industry experience, Decision Point provides clients with turn-key  processes that are tailored to precise client specifications – known  collectively as Competitive Interactive Strategic Simulations (CISS™) . CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

CALIFORNIA CAPITAL  PARTNERS, LLC MERGES TWO INVESTMENT FUNDS,OPENS TORONTO OFFICE WITH GLOBAL CAPITAL MARKETS,  INC.

August  03, 2010
										        Newport Beach,   CA… California Capital Partners,  LLC (CalCap) a seasoned venture capital manager, with offices in Southern  California and New York City, has opened a new office in Toronto in the  Exchange Building in conjunction with Global Capital Markets, Inc., a highly  regarded middle market investment banking firm with offices in the United  States, Canada, and Asia..  CLICK HERE TO READ MORE


EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS TO STAMPEDE LIGHT PLUS ™ LICENSED BY VITAL BRANDS, LLC
January 20, 2010
Newport Beach,   CA… California Capital Partners,  LLC, (Cal Cap), and an investment syndicate assumed the assets of Stampede  Brewing Co. Inc., a Dallas,   TX headquartered company on August 3, 2009.  The Company transferred the exclusive rights  for Stampede Light Plus™ to VitaL  Brands, LLC, a marketer and purveyor of healthier alternative lifestyle brands.. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

ALTERNATIVE  INVESTMENT STRATEGIES FOR TURBULENT  TIMES
July 31, 2009
Newport Beach,   CA… CalCap’s Managing Director  John R. Nelson presented a webinar on “Alternative Investment Strategies for  Turbulent Times” for the 900 members of Wealthy Now last week. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

MARK MANSFIELD  NAMED MANAGING DIRECTOR IN CALIFORNIA  CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
July 22, 2009
Newport Beach, CA… Mark  Mansfield of Laguna Niguel,   CA has been named a Managing  Director in California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap), effective July 1, 2009.  He had been a Venture Partner with Cal Cap  since January 1, 2007.
7. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

VENTURE  DEBT:  IS IT TODAY’S VIABLE ALTERNATIVE  INVESTMENT?
June 29, 2009
Will Venture  Debt Replace the Traditional Venture Capital Model?
Newport Beach, CA…Should accredited and institutional  investors look to venture debt as a viable alternative investment in today’s  market? 
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

STAMPEDE  BREWING CO. RECEIVES FUNDING FROM CALIFORNIA  CAPITAL INVESTORS, LLC (CCI)

September 25, 2008
										        Newport Beach,   CA… Stampede Brewing Co. Inc., a  Dallas, TX headquartered unique, vitamin-enhanced light beer manufacturer, has  received a bridge-note that California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap) led, and  in which California Capital Investors, LLC (CCI) participated.  The note matures six months from receipt with  a six-month extension at the option of the bridge lenders. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

CAL CAP  PARTNERS:  VENTURE DEBT WITH A VENTURE  EQUITY MENTALITY

July 14, 2008
											          Newport Beach, CA…  Venture debt is growing.  According to  VentureOne, venture lenders loaned almost $2 billion in 2006, up from $434  million in 2002.  Debt comprised 7% of  the funds invested in U.S. venture-backed companies in 2006, up from 2% in  2002.  Most venture debt transactions  tend to be completed by ex-bankers who have, by their training, a commodity  approach to the deal. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE


										        WHAT VCS AND  ENTREPRENEURS HAVE IN COMMON:BOTH MANAGE  OTHER PEOPLE’S MONEY
June 30, 2008Newport Beach, CA…”Entrepreneurs  and venture capitalists have more in common than most of them realize… they  both manage OPM (other people’s money),” observed John R. Nelson, managing  director of California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap), a venture capital firm  focused on small- to medium-sized technology and life sciences companies.  CLICK HERE TO READ MORE


CALIFORNIA CAPITAL PARTNERS DEBT FUND REACHES OUT TO UNDERSERVED MARKETS
May 12, 2008
											      Newport Beach, CA…  California Capital Partners, LLC, a venture capital firm focused on small- to  medium-sized technology and life sciences companies, invests through an  innovative fund, the California Ventures Debt Fund (CalVen), with special  emphasis on serving the underserved markets. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE


									            PETMEDICUS RETIRES VENTURE DEBT OBLIGATION AHEAD OF SCHEDULE; CALIFORNIA CAPITAL INVESTORS RECEIVE DISTRIBUTION
February 14, 2008
Newport Beach, CA… PetMedicus Laboratories, Inc., a  specialty pharmaceutical company engaged in the formulation, clinical testing,  federal registration, manufacture, and sale of drug products for the companion  animal market, has retired ahead of schedule a line of venture debt from  California Capital Investors, LLC (CCI)  totaling $1,000,000.  CLICK HERE TO READ MORE


									          HEY,  BROTHER, CAN YOU LOAN ME AN IPO? WHY  VENTURE DEBT IS BECOMING OPTION 
December 18, 2007
										        Newport Beach, CA…  California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap), a venture capital firm focused on  small- to medium-sized technology and life sciences companies, understands how  difficult it can be for development stage companies to get financing and a fair  valuation. CalCap’s managing directors – industry veterans Mark Mansfield, John R. Nelson and Philip B. Smith – have a  cumulative 75 years of senior management and investment experience. Now, they  are using their combined expertise and market knowledge to contribute to a  growing financing trend: venture debt.
 CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

LOOKING FOR VENTURE CAPITAL FINANCING? HERE ARE 10 TIPS FROM THOSE WHO KNOW
November 20,  2007 
										        Newport Beach, CA…  California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap), is the manager of venture capital  funds specializing in investing in small- to medium-sized technology-based business  with high growth potential.  Understanding  the financing challenges of a growing company, CalCap’s managing directors –  industry veterans Mark Mansfield, John R. Nelson and Philip B. Smith – have a  cumulative 75 years of senior management and investment experience. With the  myriad of issues for entrepreneurs to consider, from financial plans to  elevator pitches, the 10 tips below will provide even savvy start-ups with some  candid, effective insights into what it takes to get venture capital funding. CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

PETMEDICUS RECEIVES FUNDING FROM CALIFORNIA CAPITAL INVESTORS TO TREAT CANCER IN COMPANION ANIMALS
October 29,  2007
										        Newport Beach,   CA… PetMedicus Laboratories,  Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company engaged in the formulation, clinical  testing, federal registration, manufacture, and sale of drug products for the  companion animal market, has received a line of venture debt placement from  California Capital Investors, LLC (CCI) totaling $500,000.  CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

CALIFORNIA CAPITAL PARTNERS FORM DEBT FUND

October 15, 2007
                                                Newport Beach, CA…  California Capital Partners, LLC, a venture capital firm focused on small- to  medium-sized technology and life sciences companies, will now be investing  through an innovative new fund, the California Ventures Debt Fund (CalVen). Click here to read more


CALIFORNIA CAPITAL PARTNERS RETAINS THE BLAINE GROUP AS ITS MARKETING/COMMUNICATIONS AGENCY 

									          August 7, 2007
Newport Beach, CA… California Capital Partners (CalCap), www.calcappartners.com, has selected  The Blaine Group, a total communications agency, as its  marketing/communications firm.CLICK HERE TO READ MORE

CALIFORNIA CAPITAL PARTNERS NAMES BLAINE  AS A VENTURE PARTNER
 December 18, 2006
Newport Beach,   CA… California Capital Partners  (CalCap) (www.calcappartners.com)  has selected Devon Blaine, president and CEO of The Blaine Group, a  total communications agency, as one of their Venture Partners. Click here to read more

CALIFORNIA CAPITAL PARTNERS
Company Backgrounder
California Capital Partners, LLC (“CalCap”), an  international merchant bank, has managed capital in Limited Partnerships  (institutional funds, corporations, family offices, and high-net worth  individuals) for optimized capital gains through private equity investments  such as venture debt and venture capital. . CLICK HERE TO READ MORE
























CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us | About Funding | Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 

















Investment Strategy




















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 
                                    (Requires Password)

































 

Qualifying Criteria

Investors Page
Investing in undeserved businesses









 

Investment Strategy

									          CalCap requires that the companies in which it invests, are already  established (i.e. not   "seed" stage), well-managed, and have an investment liquidation strategy.   Moreover the investment strategy we have selected emphasizes the following   criteria: 

Investment apportionment typically reserves up to $10 million with  co-investment objectives to provide up to an additional $10 million   in capital availability per portfolio company distributed over multiple   placements.										          
A balanced focus on proprietary technologies, including IT, life sciences,  and other exceptional opportunities.An emphasis on companies that can demonstrate a working proof-of-concept   product or process.   
									              
A requirement that all portfolio companies have. establish, a HQ   located in the U.S. within 2.5 hours commuting time of a CalCap (or affiliate)   office. 

Managing Risk								              

Diversification - Investment portfolio diversified with respect to sector,   geography, and stage of company; balancing portfolio equates to balanced risk   
										          Deal Structure - Terms customized to minimize risk; most investments have   preference terms , are secured and have liquidation preferences   
										          Financial Oversight - Fund oversight includes the both internal and external   controls (auditors and legal counsel) including annual audits   
									              
SEIMS® - Provides standardized timely monitoring of all investments, and   facilitates transparency to the partners. 







 




















CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us | About Funding | Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 

















About CalVen




















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 
                                    (Requires Password)

































 




										        Investors: enter a password to access a video: 
											    


											    Video in development
 










 


CalCap’s  funds provide both debt and equity capital sources to qualifying businesses:											  

Capital       availability - Our average investment total per company is       about $2 million; however, cumulative investments may range from $.25       million to $10 million. Generally, CalCap will not commit  more than 20% of any funds’ capital to any single portfolio company. 


Investment       term – Initial venture lending placements range from 6-42 months. 


Synergistic       strategies - CalCap facilitates cross-investment participation between companies       within its portfolio, thereby establishing valuable synergies in terms of       business development opportunities, intellectual capital, contacts, and       fundraising capability. 


Rigorous       investment process - Commitment to thorough due       diligence that covers all aspects of a potential investee's business. This       process assures the CalVen investment partnership that investment       decisions are informed and appropriate, and positions us to be a valuable       investment partner because of our understanding of the business. 


Participation - Leverage access to the Capitalist Club of  Consortium Innovation Centers refers opportunities for grooming and to obtain  high-value "investment-ready" opportunities


Strategic       partners - Leverages CalCap's international network of affiliates, partners, and       professional service organizations; thereby, providing CalCap with a       steady flow of investment opportunities, specialty resources, ideas, and       contacts. 


Shared Vision - The CalCap Managers all have vested interests in the funds we manage.       Similarly, the founders and executives of our portfolio companies have significant       ownership stakes in their businesses. The consistent alignment of       interests is a significant criterion that leads to our respective       long-term investment and business success 








 




 




















CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us | About Funding | Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 
















California Capital Partners, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:41 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of California Capital Partners, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
California Capital Partners, LLC is a venture capital firm specializing in providing growth and development capital to start-up through mezzanine stages. It does not invest in seed stage companies. The firm typically makes equity and debt investments and invests in small to medium sized companies that can demonstrate a working proof-of-concept product or process. It primarily invests in companies that are already established and have an investment liquidation strategy. The firm seeks to invest in technology based businesses with a focus on proprietary technologies, including information technology, life sciences, health-technology companies and services, new media companies, wireless applica...
California Capital Partners, LLC is a venture capital firm specializing in providing growth and development capital to start-up through mezzanine stages. It does not invest in seed stage companies. The firm typically makes equity and debt investments and invests in small to medium sized companies that can demonstrate a working proof-of-concept product or process. It primarily invests in companies that are already established and have an investment liquidation strategy. The firm seeks to invest in technology based businesses with a focus on proprietary technologies, including information technology, life sciences, health-technology companies and services, new media companies, wireless applications and devices, “clean and green" technologies and services, and other exceptional opportunities. It prefers to invest in companies that have, or will establish a headquarter located in the United States (California and New York) and Canada (Ontario and British Columbia). The firm seeks to invest between $1.5 million and $10 million in its portfolios companies. The firm typically does not commit more than 20 percent of any funds’ capital to any single portfolio company. It typically reserves up to $10 million with co-investment objectives to provide up to an additional $10 million in capital availability, per portfolio company, distributed over multiple placements. The firm primarily invests in companies which have completed Consortium Innovation Centers' 2-stage Success Formulas process as an adjunct criterion to its due diligence. It seeks to exit its investments through mergers and acquisitions and IPO. The firm prefers to have active participation on the Board of Directors of its portfolio companies. It’s initial venture lending placements range from six to 42 months. California Capital Partners, LLC is headquartered in Los Angeles, California with additional offices across North America.
Detailed Description


Los Angeles, CA United States



www.calcappartners.com







Key Executives for California Capital Partners, LLC




Dr. John R. Nelson Ph.D.


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Philip B. Smith


      	Emeritus Manager
      


Age: 81
        







Dr. Richard M. Rose M.D.


      	Venture Partner
      








Mr. Shohei Sakazaki


      	Venture Partner
      








Mr. Bob Bellano


      	Venture Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact California Capital Partners, LLC, please visit www.calcappartners.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all outstanding warrantsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 2 hrs 49 minsS&P Futures2,477.75+4.50 (+0.18%)Dow Futures21,667.00+21.00 (+0.10%)Nasdaq Futures5,979.25+31.25 (+0.53%)California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all outstanding warrantsCNW GroupFebruary 6, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareLAVAL, QC , Feb. 6, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (PLI.TO) (PFSCF) ("ProMetic" or the "Corporation") announced today that California Capital Equity, LLC, has exercised 44,791,488 share purchase warrants at a price of $0.47 per share for total proceeds of $21,051,999.36 to the Corporation."Our increased equity position in ProMetic represents a long term and strategic investment for us", said Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong , Chief Executive Officer of California Capital Equity, LLC. "ProMetic has robust proprietary therapeutic platforms, promising growth potential and several plasma derived therapeutics expected to reach commercialization stages, starting in 2017 with plasminogen.  We, through other investment vehicles, also have an on-going partnership with ProMetic in relation to IVIG and anticipate further collaborations going forward", added Dr. Soon-Shiong.  Commenting on the exercise of warrants by California Capital Equity, LLC., Mr. Pierre Laurin , President and Chief Executive Officer of ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., said: "We are delighted to see our long-standing relationship with Dr. Soon-Shiong, which dates back to 2008, continue to evolve as we prepare for our first commercial launch in 2017".About ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (www.prometic.com) is a long established biopharmaceutical company with globally recognized expertise in bioseparations, plasma-derived therapeutics and small-molecule drug development.  ProMetic offers its state of the art technologies for large-scale purification of biologics, drug development, proteomics and the elimination of pathogens to a growing base of industry leaders and uses its own affinity technology that provides for highly efficient extraction and purification of therapeutic proteins from human plasma in order to develop best-in-class therapeutics and orphan drugs. ProMetic is also active in developing its own novel small-molecule therapeutic products targeting unmet medical needs in the field of fibrosis, anemia, neutropenia, cancer and autoimmune diseases/inflammation as well as certain nephropathies. Headquartered in Laval (Canada) , ProMetic has R&D facilities in the UK, the U.S. and Canada, manufacturing facilities in the UK and commercial activities in the U.S., Canada, Europe , Russia , Asia and Australia .Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements about ProMetic's objectives, strategies and businesses that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are "forward-looking" because they are based on our current expectations about the markets we operate in and on various estimates and assumptions. Actual events or results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements if known or unknown risks affect our business, or if our estimates or assumptions turn out to be inaccurate. Such risks and assumptions include, but are not limited to, ProMetic's ability to develop, manufacture, and successfully commercialize value-added pharmaceutical products, the availability of funds and resources to pursue R&D projects, the successful and timely completion of clinical studies, the ability of ProMetic to take advantage of business opportunities in the pharmaceutical industry, uncertainties related to the regulatory process and general changes in economic conditions. You will find a more detailed assessment of the risks that could cause actual events or results to materially differ from our current expectations in ProMetic's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2015 , under the heading "Risk and Uncertainties related to ProMetic's business".  As a result, we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement even if new information becomes available, as a result of future events or for any other reason, unless required by applicable securities laws and regulations.  All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless indicated otherwise. SOURCE ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.To view this news release in HTML formatting, please use the following URL: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2017/06/c3576.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextMansfield chief executive Carolyn Radford makes bizarre musical pitch for FA Council seatThe TelegraphDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWeyerhaeuser will spend millions to fix stinky wood in homesPuget Sound Business JournalUber's Kalanick hires former U.S. prosecutor ahead of Waymo depositionReutersU.S. House Panel Wants CEOs at Amazon, Facebook, and Verizon to Testify About Net NeutralityFortuneEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredTechonomy CEO Says Meg Whitman Is Best Uber CEO CandidateBloomberg VideoKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderFord's 2Q profit better than expected despite CEO turmoilAssociated PressAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance VideoZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredWhy the world's biggest search engine has to pay for traffic to its siteYahoo FinanceMcCain slams Trump's transgender military ban, says it's why 'major policy announcements should not be made via Twitter'Business InsiderUS parents are pulling their children out of Boy Scouts over Donald Trump's 'drunk stepdad' speechKashco: You just can't take him anywhere.Join the Conversation1 / 57k










California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all outstanding warrants - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,711
+97.58
+0.45%






Nasdaq

6,423
+10.57
+0.16%






S&P 500

2,478
+0.70
+0.03%









6:39 A.M. ET


                                  Verizon Q2 adjusted EPS 96 cents versus 94 cents year ago
                                





 
6:36 A.M. ET


                                  Tech stocks poised to drive another record day on Wall Street, led by Facebook
                                





 
6:34 A.M. ET


                                  Twitter shares up 2.4% in premarket trading ahead of results 
                                





 
6:33 A.M. ET


                                  Facebook shares up 4% in premarket after earnings surpass forecasts
                                





 
6:29 A.M. ET


                                  EU threatens Poland with sanctions over judiciary powers overhaul
                                





 
6:29 A.M. ET


                                  Facebook target lifted to $210 per share from $182 at J.P. Morgan 
                                





 
6:29 A.M. ET


                                  Facebook target lifted to $210 per share from $182 at J.P. Morgan 
                                





 
6:15 A.M. ET


Updated
      Oil pauses after bullish data sends price up 6% for the week so far
                                





 
6:12 A.M. ET


                                  Comcast profit, revenue beat analysts expectations
                                





 
6:09 A.M. ET


                                  FactSet estimate for Comcast Q2 revenue was $20.87 billion, EPS of 49 cents
                                





 
6:08 A.M. ET


                                  Comcast 2Q revenue $21.16 billion vs. $19.26 billion year ago
                                





 
6:07 A.M. ET


Opinion
      Trump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
                                





 
6:04 A.M. ET


                                  Comcast adjusted 2Q EPS of 52 cents vs. 41 cents year ago
                                





 
6:00 A.M. ET


                                  What Is the 'Skinny' Obamacare Repeal -- And Will It Pass? 
                                





 
6:00 A.M. ET


                                  Solar Eclipse: A 90-Second Guide on How to Watch It Safely
                                





 
5:55 A.M. ET


                                  U.K. to phase out scandal-hit Libor
                                





 
5:50 A.M. ET


Updated
      Twitter earnings: Analysts fear that last quarter’s user increase won’t be repeated 
                                





 
5:32 A.M. ET


                                  AB InBev profit jumps; but U.S. market share falls
                                





 
5:30 A.M. ET


                                  Earnings preview: British Airways parent IAG
                                





 
5:30 A.M. ET


                                  National Express profit up 19%; upbeat on future
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






CNW Group




Get email alerts



         California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all outstanding warrants
    








    By

Published: Feb 6, 2017 6:30 a.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















LAVAL, QC, Feb. 6, 2017 (Canada NewsWire via COMTEX) -- ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (PLI) (otcqx:PFSCF) ("ProMetic" or the "Corporation") announced today that California Capital Equity, LLC, has exercised 44,791,488 share purchase warrants at a price of $0.47 per share for total proceeds of $21,051,999.36 to the Corporation.  "Our increased equity position in ProMetic represents a long term and strategic investment for us", said Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, Chief Executive Officer of California Capital Equity, LLC. "ProMetic has robust proprietary therapeutic platforms, promising growth potential and several plasma derived therapeutics expected to reach commercialization stages, starting in 2017 with plasminogen. We, through other investment vehicles, also have an on-going partnership with ProMetic in relation to IVIG and anticipate further collaborations going forward", added Dr. Soon-Shiong.  Commenting on the exercise of warrants by California Capital Equity, LLC., Mr. Pierre Laurin, President and Chief Executive Officer of ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., said: "We are delighted to see our long-standing relationship with Dr. Soon-Shiong, which dates back to 2008, continue to evolve as we prepare for our first commercial launch in 2017".  About ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.  ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (www.prometic.com) is a long established biopharmaceutical company with globally recognized expertise in bioseparations, plasma-derived therapeutics and small-molecule drug development. ProMetic offers its state of the art technologies for large-scale purification of biologics, drug development, proteomics and the elimination of pathogens to a growing base of industry leaders and uses its own affinity technology that provides for highly efficient extraction and purification of therapeutic proteins from human plasma in order to develop best-in-class therapeutics and orphan drugs. ProMetic is also active in developing its own novel small-molecule therapeutic products targeting unmet medical needs in the field of fibrosis, anemia, neutropenia, cancer and autoimmune diseases/inflammation as well as certain nephropathies. Headquartered in Laval (Canada), ProMetic has R&D facilities in the UK, the U.S. and Canada, manufacturing facilities in the UK and commercial activities in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Russia, Asia and Australia.  Forward Looking Statements  This press release contains forward-looking statements about ProMetic's objectives, strategies and businesses that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are "forward-looking" because they are based on our current expectations about the markets we operate in and on various estimates and assumptions. Actual events or results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements if known or unknown risks affect our business, or if our estimates or assumptions turn out to be inaccurate. Such risks and assumptions include, but are not limited to, ProMetic's ability to develop, manufacture, and successfully commercialize value-added pharmaceutical products, the availability of funds and resources to pursue R&D projects, the successful and timely completion of clinical studies, the ability of ProMetic to take advantage of business opportunities in the pharmaceutical industry, uncertainties related to the regulatory process and general changes in economic conditions. You will find a more detailed assessment of the risks that could cause actual events or results to materially differ from our current expectations in ProMetic's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2015, under the heading "Risk and Uncertainties related to ProMetic's business". As a result, we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement even if new information becomes available, as a result of future events or for any other reason, unless required by applicable securities laws and regulations. All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless indicated otherwise.  SOURCE ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.  To view this news release in HTML formatting, please use the following URL: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2017/06/c3576.html SOURCE: ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.  Pierre Laurin, President and CEO, ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., p.laurin@prometic.com, +1.450.781.0115; Frederic Dumais, Senior Director, Communications and Investor relations ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., f.dumais@prometic.com, +1.450.781.0115  Copyright (C) 2017 CNW Group. All rights reserved. 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Don’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs


If the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?


Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30















Most Popular





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





If the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?





The dark side of cruises





Russell Gordy's Ranch Collection Across the American West




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




6:41 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:40aVerizon Q2 adjusted EPS 96 cents versus 94 cents year ago
6:36aTech stocks poised to drive another record day on Wall Street, led by Facebook
6:34aTwitter shares up 2.4% in premarket trading ahead of results 
6:34aFacebook shares up 4% in premarket after earnings surpass forecasts
6:29aFacebook target lifted to $210 per share from $182 at J.P. Morgan 
6:29aFacebook target lifted to $210 per share from $182 at J.P. Morgan 
6:29aEU threatens Poland with sanctions over judiciary powers overhaul
6:16aOil pauses after bullish data sends price up 6% for the week so far
6:12aComcast profit, revenue beat analysts expectations
6:10aFactSet estimate for Comcast Q2 revenue was $20.87 billion, EPS of 49 cents
6:08aComcast 2Q revenue $21.16 billion vs. $19.26 billion year ago
6:07aTrump has kept his promises — to Wall Street
6:05aComcast adjusted 2Q EPS of 52 cents vs. 41 cents year ago
6:00aSolar Eclipse: A 90-Second Guide on How to Watch It Safely
6:00aWhat Is the 'Skinny' Obamacare Repeal -- And Will It Pass? 
5:55aU.K. to phase out scandal-hit Libor
5:51aTwitter earnings: Analysts fear that last quarter’s user increase won’t be repeated 
5:32aAB InBev profit jumps; but U.S. market share falls
5:31aEarnings preview: British Airways parent IAG
5:30aNational Express profit up 19%; upbeat on future
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





































































 



 California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all 
         










    










 













 











 



















California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all outstanding warrants
        																																						
              











 News provided by
ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.  
Feb 06, 2017, 06:30 ET









 Share this article




























































LAVAL, QC, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (TSX: PLI) (OTCQX: PFSCF) ("ProMetic" or the "Corporation") announced today that California Capital Equity, LLC, has exercised 44,791,488 share purchase warrants at a price of $0.47 per share for total proceeds of $21,051,999.36 to the Corporation.








"Our increased equity position in ProMetic represents a long term and strategic investment for us", said Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, Chief Executive Officer of California Capital Equity, LLC. "ProMetic has robust proprietary therapeutic platforms, promising growth potential and several plasma derived therapeutics expected to reach commercialization stages, starting in 2017 with plasminogen.  We, through other investment vehicles, also have an on-going partnership with ProMetic in relation to IVIG and anticipate further collaborations going forward", added Dr. Soon-Shiong.  
Commenting on the exercise of warrants by California Capital Equity, LLC., Mr. Pierre Laurin, President and Chief Executive Officer of ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., said: "We are delighted to see our long-standing relationship with Dr. Soon-Shiong, which dates back to 2008, continue to evolve as we prepare for our first commercial launch in 2017".
About ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. 
ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (www.prometic.com) is a long established biopharmaceutical company with globally recognized expertise in bioseparations, plasma-derived therapeutics and small-molecule drug development.  ProMetic offers its state of the art technologies for large-scale purification of biologics, drug development, proteomics and the elimination of pathogens to a growing base of industry leaders and uses its own affinity technology that provides for highly efficient extraction and purification of therapeutic proteins from human plasma in order to develop best-in-class therapeutics and orphan drugs. ProMetic is also active in developing its own novel small-molecule therapeutic products targeting unmet medical needs in the field of fibrosis, anemia, neutropenia, cancer and autoimmune diseases/inflammation as well as certain nephropathies. Headquartered in Laval (Canada), ProMetic has R&D facilities in the UK, the U.S. and Canada, manufacturing facilities in the UK and commercial activities in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Russia, Asia and Australia. 
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements about ProMetic's objectives, strategies and businesses that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are "forward-looking" because they are based on our current expectations about the markets we operate in and on various estimates and assumptions. Actual events or results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements if known or unknown risks affect our business, or if our estimates or assumptions turn out to be inaccurate. Such risks and assumptions include, but are not limited to, ProMetic's ability to develop, manufacture, and successfully commercialize value-added pharmaceutical products, the availability of funds and resources to pursue R&D projects, the successful and timely completion of clinical studies, the ability of ProMetic to take advantage of business opportunities in the pharmaceutical industry, uncertainties related to the regulatory process and general changes in economic conditions. You will find a more detailed assessment of the risks that could cause actual events or results to materially differ from our current expectations in ProMetic's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2015, under the heading "Risk and Uncertainties related to ProMetic's business".  As a result, we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement even if new information becomes available, as a result of future events or for any other reason, unless required by applicable securities laws and regulations.  All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless indicated otherwise.
SOURCE ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.prometic.com



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jul 11, 2017, 06:30 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Prometic Announces Positive Long Term Clinical Data on Ryplazym™...








 

Jul 06, 2017, 09:19 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Prometic announces closing of equity offerings for aggregate...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Biotechnology
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all outstanding warrants


 News provided by
ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.  
Feb 06, 2017, 06:30 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




CALIFORNIA EQUITY CAPITAL, LLC - FAIRFIELD, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



FAIRFIELD



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            CALIFORNIA EQUITY CAPITAL, LLC
                                    



 





















C 


CALIFORNIA EQUITY CAPITAL, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5233 SPRINGRIDGE WAY FAIRFIELD, CA 94534
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts MICHAEL D CARY






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Investors, Nec. California Equity Capital, Llc is incorporated in California, has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $120,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















CalCap, California Capital Partners, LLC :: About Us






















HOME PAGE 
APPLY FOR INVESTMENT 
								      (Requires Password)




































We do not want to run your company, but we want to help you to achieve   business success. 



 

 


 CalCap believes that a strong working partnership between the investor and   portfolio companies is essential to the success of each party. In particular,   both parties must share common vision, goals, and business practices. CalCap   routinely provides support and assistance to the management of its portfolio   companies through our active participation on the Board of Directors, as well as   other roles such as: strategic introductions through our U.S. and international   networks, assistance in the selection of key personnel, contribution to the   company's growth and financial strategy development, assistance with additional   capital raising, M&As, and IPOs. 


 











 


About Us 


California Capital Partners, LLC (CalCap)  is the manager of venture capital funds specializing in investing in small to  medium sized technology-based businesses with high growth potential. CalCap  manages equity and debt investments into companies that meet the investment  criteria of our Funds. Typically, we invest in companies that need capital to  fund rapid growth.


The CalCap organization incorporates: 


Managers of previous investment       transactions collectively exceeding US $2 billion with successful outcomes       since the 1980s.
Operations in the U.S. (California       & New York) and Canada (Ontario and British Columbia). 
A global network of strategic       resources consisting of managerial talent and capital resources that add       value to our portfolio companies.
A proprietary investment process* that       enhances outcomes for both our investors and our portfolio companies. 


 







											    *SEIMS® (Sourcing, Evaluating, Investing, &   Monitoring System) 



 


















CalCapPartners.Com
Home Page | About Us |About Funding| Our Team  | Press Releases  | Investment Strategy | Useful Tools 
















  California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all











































FR























×
Member Sign In


Online Member Centre

Cision Communications Cloud

Cision PR Edition

CisionPoint

MediaSource Monitoring/Evaluation

Visible Intelligence

FastFinder

My CNW

CNW Access

Register for my CNW



Close










×
Search




Search



 Go !








 Advanced Search 


 Close 

















 See more news releases in      Biotechnology   Medical Pharmaceuticals  Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers  

California Capital Equity, LLC acquires 44 million ProMetic shares through the exercise of all outstanding warrants
			  



















































English


Français












 















LAVAL, QC, Feb. 6, 2017 /CNW Telbec/ - ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (TSX: PLI) (OTCQX: PFSCF) ("ProMetic" or the "Corporation") announced today that California Capital Equity, LLC, has exercised 44,791,488 share purchase warrants at a price of $0.47 per share for total proceeds of $21,051,999.36 to the Corporation.
"Our increased equity position in ProMetic represents a long term and strategic investment for us", said Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, Chief Executive Officer of California Capital Equity, LLC. "ProMetic has robust proprietary therapeutic platforms, promising growth potential and several plasma derived therapeutics expected to reach commercialization stages, starting in 2017 with plasminogen.  We, through other investment vehicles, also have an on-going partnership with ProMetic in relation to IVIG and anticipate further collaborations going forward", added Dr. Soon-Shiong.  
Commenting on the exercise of warrants by California Capital Equity, LLC., Mr. Pierre Laurin, President and Chief Executive Officer of ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., said: "We are delighted to see our long-standing relationship with Dr. Soon-Shiong, which dates back to 2008, continue to evolve as we prepare for our first commercial launch in 2017".
About ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. 
ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. (www.prometic.com) is a long established biopharmaceutical company with globally recognized expertise in bioseparations, plasma-derived therapeutics and small-molecule drug development.  ProMetic offers its state of the art technologies for large-scale purification of biologics, drug development, proteomics and the elimination of pathogens to a growing base of industry leaders and uses its own affinity technology that provides for highly efficient extraction and purification of therapeutic proteins from human plasma in order to develop best-in-class therapeutics and orphan drugs. ProMetic is also active in developing its own novel small-molecule therapeutic products targeting unmet medical needs in the field of fibrosis, anemia, neutropenia, cancer and autoimmune diseases/inflammation as well as certain nephropathies. Headquartered in Laval (Canada), ProMetic has R&D facilities in the UK, the U.S. and Canada, manufacturing facilities in the UK and commercial activities in the U.S., Canada, Europe, Russia, Asia and Australia. 
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements about ProMetic's objectives, strategies and businesses that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are "forward-looking" because they are based on our current expectations about the markets we operate in and on various estimates and assumptions. Actual events or results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements if known or unknown risks affect our business, or if our estimates or assumptions turn out to be inaccurate. Such risks and assumptions include, but are not limited to, ProMetic's ability to develop, manufacture, and successfully commercialize value-added pharmaceutical products, the availability of funds and resources to pursue R&D projects, the successful and timely completion of clinical studies, the ability of ProMetic to take advantage of business opportunities in the pharmaceutical industry, uncertainties related to the regulatory process and general changes in economic conditions. You will find a more detailed assessment of the risks that could cause actual events or results to materially differ from our current expectations in ProMetic's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2015, under the heading "Risk and Uncertainties related to ProMetic's business".  As a result, we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement even if new information becomes available, as a result of future events or for any other reason, unless required by applicable securities laws and regulations.  All amounts are in Canadian dollars unless indicated otherwise.
 
SOURCE ProMetic Life Sciences Inc. 
     For further information:  Pierre Laurin, President and CEO, ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., p.laurin@prometic.com, +1.450.781.0115; Frédéric Dumais, Senior Director, Communications and Investor relations ProMetic Life Sciences Inc., f.dumais@prometic.com, +1.450.781.0115
		  RELATED LINKS
http://www.prometic.com







  Release contains wide tables.
					  View fullscreen.
			




 Organization Profile







ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.




Prometic Announces Positive Long Term Clinical Data on Ryplazym™ in Plasminogen Congenital Deficiency and Provides Regulatory Update


Prometic announces closing of equity offerings for aggregate gross proceeds of $61.7 million


Prometic Announces $53 Million Bought Deal Offering

 More on this organization
 







Custom Packages
Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs.
Start today.




CNW Membership
Fill out a CNW membership form or contact us at 1 (877) 269-7890




Learn about CNW services
Request more information about CNW products and services or call us at 1 (877) 269-7890

















































