


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE









 



	Houston Personal Injury Law Firm - Scott Callahan	












































 





 








Live Chat 24/7


Call Now24/7
713.888.9000






Español









Helping People. Pursuing Justice. Making a Difference.
Free Consultation 
Get Help Now







Houston Personal Injury Law Firm


Whether you were hurt by a distracted driver or lost a loved one due to a dangerous product, we can help you.
At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C., we represent people and their families in wrongful death and serious injury cases. We understand that every case is different and every client is unique. We pride ourselves on maintaining a personal connection with every client we represent. We also understand the emotional and financial burdens that accidents, injuries, and unexpected deaths can have on victims and their families.
When you choose Scott Callahan to handle your case, you get an experienced Texas board-certified personal injury trial lawyer who will fight for justice. You can count on us to provide the personal attention you deserve and the aggressive, professional, and ethical representation you need.




Featured Practice Areas
AutomobileAccidents
IndustrialAccidents
DefectiveProducts



Client Testimonials


In The News















Free Consultation

















 




Connect With Us



Call Now 24/7
713.888.9000



Katy Office
23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd., Suite B240
												Katy, Texas 77494
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
Get Directions


Houston Office
1 Riverway, Suite 1700
												Houston, Texas 77056
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
												(by appointment only)
Get Directions

















 



	Chemical Exposure Attorney | Houston, Texas | Chemical Poisoning Lawyer	












































 





 








Live Chat 24/7


Call Now24/7
713.888.9000






Español







Free Consultation

Get Help Now








Chemical Exposure


The most common substances to trigger toxic poisoning are chemicals, resins / fluoro resins, solvents, fuels, pesticides, metals such as lead and mercury, acids, and cleaning agents.
There are many different circumstances in which individuals are subjected to toxic poisoning. Many cases involve a single, acute exposure with overwhelming or life-threatening symptoms immediately. Many other incidents involve people who exposed repeatedly over time to a toxic or poisonous substance. Exposures can be in the form of inhalation, ingestion, skin contact, or airborne contact. Injuries can range from mild to lethal. Injuries and future effects are often significant. Given the dramatic effect that toxic poisoning can have on humans, it is critical to contact an experienced attorney such as Texas toxic exposure attorney, Scott Callahan, to seek help in navigating the complex legal issues that arise in initiating a case involving exposure to toxic substances.
Our researchers have provided a list of the most common toxic substances that have caused harm to individuals in the past which have been brought as civil actions in the United States Court System. They include chemicals such as resins, fluoropolymers, solvents, fuels, irritants, asphyxiates, molds, pesticides, cleaning agents, and metals. Information on each of these is included below.
Chemical poisoning can occur due to exposure of certain substances such as solvents, fuels, irritants and asphyxiates. The injuries typically sustained with exposure to these substances include burns to the skin, nose, throat, lungs, eyes and other areas of the body. These injuries are commonly seen among factory workers or individuals confined in space with exposure to such items and typically prompt the service of a specialized Houston workplace injury attorney—such as Scott Callahan.
Pesticides can also cause harmful injuries to those exposed to them. This is often seen in situations where toxic pesticides are used on farms which are absorbed into the food. Additionally, the pesticides can run-off into water which is provided for public consumption without proper filtering.
Lastly, metals can cause severe harm to those which are exposed to them. The most common metal exposure which causes toxic poisoning is lead. Increasingly, lead is being detected in children’s toys for example. It can also be found frequently in paint which was considered safe for use in the past, but which is now disallowed for production. If the paint has not been removed, it can cause serious injury to young children in their developmental stages of life.
Get Help From Scott Callahan Today
If you were exposed to chemicals or a toxic substance and you suffered injuries, please contact our office for assistance in determining your legal rights and what damages you may be entitled to receive. You don’t have to wait to get experienced legal representation—call (713) 888-9000 or fill out our free online form for a free initial consultation today.
Related Legal Terms and Information
Toxic exposure attorney in Houston, Texas, chemical toxin lawyer in Houston, TX, legal help with poisoning, workplace-related injury due to exposure of toxins such as mold, metal, lead, and paint, chemical poisoning in medical malpractice.
Our law firm practices in the following areas in addition to the greater Texas area and across the United States:
Alvin, Angleton, Baytown, Bellaire, Clute, Conroe, Deer Park, Dickinson, Freeport, Friendswood, Galena Park, Galveston, Humble, Jacinto City, Katy, La Marque, La Porte, Lake Jackson, League City, Missouri City, Pasadena, Pearland, Richmond, Rosenberg, South Houston, Stafford, Sugar Land, Texas City, The Woodlands, West University Place
Houston is home to the world-famous Texas Medical Center as well as a sophisticated network of large and small community hospital systems that provide excellent family health care, cardiac care, cancer research and therapy, trauma care and innovative treatments in hundreds of specialties.
More than 100 hospitals and medical centers serve the region. They include the following: Christus St. John Hospital, Christus St. Joseph Hospital, Bayshore Medical Center, Clear Lake Regional Medical Center, Conroe Regional Medical Center, East Houston Regional Medical Center, Kingwood Medical Center, Mainland Medical Center, Spring Branch Medical Center, Texas Orthopedic Hospital, The Woman’s Hospital Of Texas, West Houston Medical Center, Memorial Hermann Texas Medical Center, Memorial Hermann Fort Bend Hospital, Memorial Hermann Katy Hospital, Memorial Hermann Memorial City Hospital, Memorial Hermann Northwest Hospital, Memorial Hermann Southeast Hospital, Memorial Hermann Southwest Hospital, Memorial Hermann Sugar Land Hospital, Memorial Hermann The Woodlands Hospital, The Methodist Hospital, Methodist Sugar Land Hospital, Methodist Willowbrook, Methodist Hospital – San Jacinto, St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital, St. Luke’s Community Medical Center, Houston Northwest Medical Center, Cypress Fairbanks Medical Center, Park Plaza Hospital, Plaza Specialty Hospital, Northeast Medical Center, Texas Children’s Hospital, Twelve Oaks Medical Center Hospital, MD Anderson Cancer Center, and Michael E. Debakey VA Medical Center.
Disclaimer: This website has been prepared by the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. for informational purposes only. Visitors to this website should not act upon any information contained herein without seeking appropriate legal or other professional advice. The use of this site, particularly the sending of any email or completion of any form herein, does not constitute an attorney-client relationship, which may only be established through personal contact with the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. and/or its attorney(s).



 











 




Connect With Us



Call Now 24/7
713.888.9000



Katy Office
23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd., Suite B240
												Katy, Texas 77494
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
Get Directions


Houston Office
1 Riverway, Suite 1700
												Houston, Texas 77056
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
												(by appointment only)
Get Directions

















 



	Houston Work Injury Attorney | Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.	












































 





 








Live Chat 24/7


Call Now24/7
713.888.9000






Español







Free Consultation

Get Help Now








Work Injuries Attorney


If you’ve been injured on the job, you may be wondering how you’ll pay your medical bills and other expenses if you’re too hurt to work. A Houston work injury lawyer from the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. can help. We understand Texas law and want to help injured workers like you get the compensation they deserve.
You don’t have to face the legal system alone after your on-the-job injury. A Houston work injury lawyer from our firm can evaluate all your options and fight to get the full value of your claim, even if it means taking your employer or a third party to court. Dial (713) 888-9000 or complete a free online form to get in touch with us, today.
Helping Injured Workers in Houston
The workers’ compensation system is supposed to provide workers with benefits when they’re hurt on the job, but it doesn’t apply to everyone. In Texas, not all employers are required to carry workers’ compensation insurance, and sometimes a party other than your employer may have contributed to your injury. At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, we want you to know that you have options if you were hurt at work.
A Houston work injury lawyer from our firm can:

Investigate who is responsible your injuries
Gather medical evidence to strengthen your claim
File a lawsuit against the parties liable for your injuries

You work hard every day, and when you get hurt on the job, you shouldn’t have to pay for an injury that wasn’t your fault. We’ll analyze every aspect of your case to determine where insurance coverage exists, and we’ll exhaust every avenue to get the money you need to pay your bills—even if it means going to court.
Experience Matters
With nearly two decades of experience, the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan has the skills and resources to help you after your work injury. We aren’t afraid to stand up to employers, equipment manufacturers, insurance companies, and anyone else whose negligence harms others. Contact us today and get the guidance and support you need after your work injury.



 











 




Connect With Us



Call Now 24/7
713.888.9000



Katy Office
23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd., Suite B240
												Katy, Texas 77494
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
Get Directions


Houston Office
1 Riverway, Suite 1700
												Houston, Texas 77056
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
												(by appointment only)
Get Directions

















 



	Texas Brain Injury Lawyer | Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.	












































 





 








Live Chat 24/7


Call Now24/7
713.888.9000






Español







Free Consultation

Get Help Now








Head and Brain Injury Attorney 


Head and brain injuries are traumatic and life-altering. Our brain is our computer. It helps our body perform major motor functions and involuntarily internal functions. Any injury or damage can be devastating. Head and brain injuries may be mild or major. Either way, these injuries affect how we think, act, process information, communicate, eat, breathe, sleep, and live.
Understanding a head and brain injury is complicated, especially when it is suddenly caused in a collision, event, or through the fault of another. Knowing how to pursue legal action can be complicated, expensive, and time- consuming. Our experienced head injury attorney wants to help you by providing his extensive experience with your case.
Types of Brain Injuries
Our firm understands how head and brain injuries are explained, illustrated, and presented in a courtroom. Both the symptoms and effects of brain injuries can be complicated and often times frustrating for victims and their families. Therefore, it is important to understand these injuries and even the basic types of brain or head injuries – bruising, tearing, and swelling. Simply put, bruising occurs when the brain is shaken inside the skull and this banging has caused bruising, bleeding, or both bruises and bleeding. A throbbing headache is a common symptom of this injury. Tearing occurs when such a profound impact on the head causes the brain to separate and crack, similar to a cement block dropped to the ground. The fractures in the brain tissue can cause extremely profound effects on bodily functions. Swelling of the brain occurs when the brain attempts to expand due to an injury, such as the two mentioned above. Swelling is a normal bodily reaction to pain. But, with the brain – given that it only has so much room inside the skull to swell – reactions can be severe. If the brain cannot properly swell, it can cause serious pain or death if there is not enough pressure in certain areas of the cranium.
Effects of Brain Injuries
After sustaining a brain or head injury, you or your loved one should immediately seek specialized medical attention. Even if immediate medical treatment is able to prevent the loss of life, medical bills and medical care for someone with a brain injury will be extremely costly. The financial impact of the injury will be substantial as time goes on. There is the potential that a brain injury can prevent the victim from being able to work and to support themselves and their family. They may not be able to sustain independent living and may well require 24 hour assistance, thorough medical attention, and costly physical therapy and rehabilitation.
Let Us Protect Your Rights
Consulting a legal expert such as our Houston brain injury attorney, Scott Callahan, can help you determine which direction you should proceed in the legal environment. You may be able to seek justice under not only personal injury law, but also product liability (if a specific product caused your head/brain injury) or premises liability (if you were hurt at work or on a company’s unsafe property).
Don’t wait to take action if you or your loved one suffered a traumatic brain injury. Our 24/7 legal team is ready to assist you—dial (713) 888-9000 or complete a free online form to get help from the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. today.
Related Legal Terms and Information
Head injury attorney in Houston, Texas, Lawyers for Trauma to the Head and Brain, Headache caused by car accident, Head hit with falling merchandise, Brain injury from negligence of another person.
Our law firm practices in the following areas in addition to the greater Texas area and across the United States:
Alvin, Angleton, Baytown, Bellaire, Clute, Conroe, Deer Park, Dickinson, Freeport, Friendswood, Galena Park, Galveston, Humble, Jacinto City, Katy, La Marque, La Porte, Lake Jackson, League City, Missouri City, Pasadena, Pearland, Richmond, Rosenberg, South Houston, Stafford, Sugar Land, Texas City, The Woodlands, West University Place.
Houston is home to the world-famous Texas Medical Center as well as a sophisticated network of large and small community hospital systems that provide excellent family health care, cardiac care, cancer research and therapy, trauma care and innovative treatments in hundreds of specialties.
More than 100 hospitals and medical centers serve the region. They include the following: Christus St. John Hospital, Christus St. Joseph Hospital, Bayshore Medical Center, Clear Lake Regional Medical Center, Conroe Regional Medical Center, East Houston Regional Medical Center, Kingwood Medical Center, Mainland Medical Center, Spring Branch Medical Center, Texas Orthopedic Hospital, The Woman’s Hospital Of Texas, West Houston Medical Center, Memorial Hermann Texas Medical Center, Memorial Hermann Fort Bend Hospital, Memorial Hermann Katy Hospital, Memorial Hermann Memorial City Hospital, Memorial Hermann Northwest Hospital, Memorial Hermann Southeast Hospital, Memorial Hermann Southwest Hospital, Memorial Hermann Sugar Land Hospital, Memorial Hermann The Woodlands Hospital, The Methodist Hospital, Methodist Sugar Land Hospital, Methodist Willowbrook, Methodist Hospital – San Jacinto, St. Luke’s Episcopal Hospital, St. Luke’s Community Medical Center, Houston Northwest Medical Center, Cypress Fairbanks Medical Center, Park Plaza Hospital, Plaza Specialty Hospital, Northeast Medical Center, Texas Children’s Hospital, Twelve Oaks Medical Center Hospital, MD Anderson Cancer Center, and Michael E. Debakey VA Medical Center.
Disclaimer: This website has been prepared by the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. for informational purposes only. Visitors to this website should not act upon any information contained herein without seeking appropriate legal or other professional advice. The use of this site, particularly the sending of any email or completion of any form herein, does not constitute an attorney-client relationship, which may only be established through personal contact with the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. and/or its attorney(s).



 











 




Connect With Us



Call Now 24/7
713.888.9000



Katy Office
23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd., Suite B240
												Katy, Texas 77494
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
Get Directions


Houston Office
1 Riverway, Suite 1700
												Houston, Texas 77056
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
												(by appointment only)
Get Directions

















 



	Texas Car Accident Lawyer | Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.	












































 





 








Live Chat 24/7


Call Now24/7
713.888.9000






Español







Free Consultation

Get Help Now








Texas Auto Accident Attorneys 


An auto accident can leave you facing serious injuries, lost wages, and medical bills. But if your accident was caused by another driver’s negligence, you shouldn’t have to worry about how you’re going to pay for it all. A board-certified personal injury trial lawyer from the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. can help. Our team is focused on helping you get the compensation you need to cover your injury-related expenses.
Don’t let an insurance company decide what your auto accident claim is worth. We’re here to listen to your story and protect your best interests. Talk to a Houston auto accident lawyer about your claim today. Just dial (713) 888-9000 or complete our free online form.
How We Can Help
At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, it’s our job to protect your rights to compensation after an auto accident. That’s why we’ve created the following pages to help you learn more about auto accidents and what you can expect during the claims process:

Filing Auto Accident Lawsuits 
Many of our clients have never filed an auto accident claim before. Find out what you can expect before and after you file your claim—and how a lawyer can help.
5 Steps to Follow After an Auto Accident 
You can’t always be prepared for an accident caused by someone else—but you can be prepared for what comes next. Learn five steps you can take after your auto accident to help strengthen your claim.
Types of Auto Accidents 
The effects of auto accidents vary from claim to claim, but the causes are often similar. Read about several of the most common types of auto accident claims we handle.
Auto Accident FAQ
We have years of experience helping auto accident victims get the money they need to get better. On our Auto Accident FAQ page, get answers to questions our clients often ask us during the claims process.

Let Us Handle the Insurance Company
Insurance companies are focused on protecting profit margins, not auto accident victims. The Law Office of Scott P. Callahan knows how to deal with insurance adjusters, and we aren’t afraid to take on powerful insurance company legal teams—even if it means going to court. So don’t wait, contact us today.



 











 




Connect With Us



Call Now 24/7
713.888.9000



Katy Office
23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd., Suite B240
												Katy, Texas 77494
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
Get Directions


Houston Office
1 Riverway, Suite 1700
												Houston, Texas 77056
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
												(by appointment only)
Get Directions

















 



	Contact Us |Texas Injury Attorneys | Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.	












































 





 








Live Chat 24/7


Call Now24/7
713.888.9000






Español







Free Consultation

Get Help Now







Contact Us
If you’re injured and need help, the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Call (713) 888-9000 or complete the free contact form below to get in touch with our Texas board-certified personal injury lawyer today. Your consultation is free and confidential.
Free Consultation         
Texas Law Office Locations
From our office locations in Katy and Houston, we’re able to serve injury victims throughout Texas and nationwide.


Katy Office
23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd., Suite B240
Katy, Texas 77494
Telephone (713) 888 – 9000
Get Directions


Houston Office
1 Riverway, Suite 1700
Houston, Texas 77056
Telephone (713) 888 – 9000
(by appointment only)
Get Directions














 




Connect With Us



Call Now 24/7
713.888.9000



Katy Office
23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd., Suite B240
												Katy, Texas 77494
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
Get Directions


Houston Office
1 Riverway, Suite 1700
												Houston, Texas 77056
												Telephone (713) 888 - 9000
												(by appointment only)
Get Directions



















Law Office Of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. 1 Riverway Houston, TX Lawyers - MapQuest







































































































    Law Office Of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.
  

1 Riverway

Houston
TX
77056




 Reviews



(713) 888-9000
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Whether you were hurt by a distracted driver or lost a loved one due to a dangerous product, we can help you. At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C., we represent people and their families in wrongful death and serious injury cases. We understand that every case is different and every client is unique. We pride ourselves on maintaining a personal connection with every client we represent. We also understand the emotional and financial burdens that accidents, injuries, and unexpected deaths can have on victims and their families. When you choose Scott Callahan to handle your case, you get an experienced Texas board-certified personal injury trial lawyer who will fight for justice. You can count on us to provide the personal attention you deserve and the aggressive, professional, and ethical representation you need.
          






















Legal






Help























Personal Injury Attorney in Houston, TX - Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.




























INDOOR  Cost Guides
OUTDOORCost Guides
SERVICESCost Guides
COMPARISONGuides








Indoor Cost Guides
Outdoor Cost Guides
Services Cost Guides
Comparison Guides









 Location Settings


  Loading, please wait...






 Log In


  Loading, please wait...



            No account? Create one






Password Recovery


  Loading, please wait...



            Don't have an account? Create one




 








Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.
Personal Injury Attorney in Houston, TX
Houston, TX


				      Request a Free Estimate »
				    










Home 
Texas 
Houston 
Personal Injury Attorneys 
Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.

About Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.

Whether you were hurt by a distracted driver or lost a loved one due to a dangerous product, we can help you. At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C., we represent people and their families in wrongful death and serious injury cases. We understand that every case is different and every client is unique.We pride ourselves on maintaining a personal connection with every client we represent. We also understand the emotional and financial burdens that accidents, injuries, and unexpected deaths can have on victims and their families.When you choose Scott Callahan to handle your case, you get an experienced Texas board-certified personal injury trial lawyer who will fight for justice. You can count on us to provide the personal attention you deserve and the aggressive, professional, and ethical representation you need.Contact today for more information!


 















1 Riverway #1700Houston, TX 77056



Contact Scott P. Callahan



Payment options




					    Scott P. Callahan accepts cash and checks
					  


 


Services offered

Internet Attorneys
Personal Injury Attorneys




 
 











Email Verified
Fixr has validated the email provided by Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C..



Fixr Reviewed
Fixr has reviewed the content provided by Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. to match our community guidelines.



Fixr Experience Score: 22
Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. has been rated with 22 experience points based on Fixr's rating system.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Reviews




Be the first to review Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.



















Submit »



Congratullations!
Your testimonial has been sent successfully. However, it must be reviewed by Fixr before going live. This action takes around 24 hours.
Thank you for using Fixr!


Oh snap! Something went wrong!
Our apologies, but your testimonial hasn't been sent successfully. Please try again after a few minutes.



 

Do you like what you see?

    		Request a Free Estimate »
    	





See also



Paxton Law Firm
 Houston, TX
Personal Injury Atorney



Paxton Law Firm
 Houston, TX
Personal Injury Attorney



Surgery Infection Lawyer
 Houston, TX
Product Liability Attorney



Fitts Zehl LLP
 Houston, TX
Experienced Trial Lawyers






 





Request a Free Estimate








 Contact Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.
















Fixr.com provides cost guides, comparisons, and term cheatsheets for hundreds of remodeling, installation and repair projects.


About us
Press
Log in
Contact
					Phone: (866) 953-5377











About Fixr
Log in
Blog
Contact Us



© 2017 Fixr, all rights reserved. By using Fixr you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy








Texas Cost of Living Interactive Map - 2014 - Fixr




























INDOOR  Cost Guides
OUTDOORCost Guides
SERVICESCost Guides
COMPARISONGuides








Indoor Cost Guides
Outdoor Cost Guides
Services Cost Guides
Comparison Guides








 Location Settings


  Loading, please wait...






 Log In


  Loading, please wait...



            No account? Create one






Password Recovery


  Loading, please wait...



            Don't have an account? Create one




 



Texas Cost of Living Rankings - 2014




Tweet



Home 
Texas


					Which cities in Texas are best for your budget and lifestyle—both personally and professionally? 
					By carefully analyzing nine unique sets of demographics and realistic living situations, Fixr 
					calculates affordability hyperlocally to give you the most applicable results for your bottom line. 
					Our personalized rankings can help you quickly project your annual income and cost of living in 32 
					cities across Texas. Plus, our interactive maps let you easily explore the affordability of specific 
					neighborhoods in each city. To get started, simply customize the following options according to your preferences.
				







All cities
Large cities
Midsize cities




Cost of Living ranking


Young family




Stay at home parenting household
Highly educated workaholics
Middle class couple
Minimum wage worker
Single freelancer
Upper middle class family
Working class family
Young family
Young worker




Husband is an interpreter, age 26; and his wife is a personal care aide, aged 27. They have one child who is 2, and a Low-Cost Food Plan. They are seeking 1,750 square. feet with two or three bedrooms.

Cities
% of affordable houses





#1 
								El Paso
								90% - 100%





#2 
								Round Rock
								90% - 100%





#3 
								Pasadena
								90% - 100%





#4 
								Killeen
								90% - 100%





#5 
								Wichita Falls
								90% - 100%





#6 
								Abilene
								90% - 100%





#7 
								Houston
								80% - 90%





#8 
								Austin
								80% - 90%





#9 
								San Antonio
								80% - 90%





#10 
								Beaumont
								80% - 90%





#11 
								Fort Worth
								70% - 80%





#12 
								Mesquite
								70% - 80%





#13 
								Arlington
								60% - 70%





#14 
								Grand Prairie
								50% - 60%





#15 
								McAllen
								50% - 60%





#16 
								Garland
								50% - 60%





#17 
								Laredo
								40% - 50%





#18 
								Dallas
								40% - 50%





#19 
								Brownsville
								30% - 40%





#20 
								McKinney
								30% - 40%





#21 
								Frisco
								20% - 30%





#22 
								Irving
								20% - 30%





#23 
								Denton
								20% - 30%





#24 
								Lubbock
								10% - 20%





#25 
								Corpus Christi
								10% - 20%





#26 
								Richardson
								10% - 20%





#27 
								Plano
								10% - 20%





#28 
								Midland
								10% - 20%





#29 
								Carrollton
								0% - 10%





#30 
								Amarillo
								0% - 10%





#31 
								Waco
								0% - 10%





#32 
								Odessa
								0% - 10%






















Moreaffordable
Lessaffordable



 Loading ...












Income: 
Expenses: 
Money left: 




Young Family Affordability Rankings
Supported by emerging careers, our young family is headed by an interpreter and a personal care aide—a 26-year-old husband and his 27-year-old wife, respectively. The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that over the next years, personal care aides and interpreters will remain two of the nation's fastest-growing careers, which suit the young parents who run our household. The family includes a 2-year-old child and maintains a Low-Cost Food Plan. In order to rank the cities according to annual affordability, we consider our young family's preferred housing characteristics: a house or an apartment that's 1,750 square feet, including two (or three) bedrooms, is a desirable home for our young family. Results are applicable to other households whose annual incomes fit within the range of earnings for the demographic.
We rank each city by calculating the percentage of affordable housing preferred by our young family. Cities are grouped into affordability brackets, based on the demographic's annual household income and realistic cost of living, and then sorted by discretionary income, which is the yearly amount remaining from earnings after covered expenses. Annual household income draws on data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics; and the realistic cost of living derives from our formula of seven factors—housing, food, utilities, child care, taxes, health care and transportation. Our full methodology is available here.


Analysis of the Rankings for All Cities in Texas

For our young family, housing affordability varies significantly between 32 cities in Texas with populations of 100,000 or more. Our calculations show that the demographic earns an annual household income from $50,680 (Waco) to $81,210 (Austin), generates a cost of living of between $54,937 (Waco) and $75,644 (Austin), and ends with a discretionary income of up to $12,429 (El Paso) or an annual loss of as much as $10,663 (Midland).
Our young family's annual expenses exceed earnings in 19 midsize cities, where affordability is less than 60%. Austin, one of 10 large cities, offers the highest income, but El Paso, where the affordability is more than 90%, provides the largest discretionary income, which derives from annual earnings after covered expenses. As a result, El Paso tops our rankings, and has an edge over Round Rock, Pasadena, Killeen, Wichita Falls and Abilene, all of which are midsize cities with housing affordability of more than 90%. The costliest cities—Odessa, Amarillo, Waco and Carrollton—have less than 10% of affordable housing units.
You can explore which neighborhoods are affordable and desirable to our target demographic by clicking on the names of each city above.






City
Income
Expenses
Money left
% affordable houses




#1 El Paso
$78,823
$66,394
$12,429
90% - 100%


#2 Round Rock
$81,062
$71,181
$9,882
90% - 100%


#3 Pasadena
$74,146
$66,813
$7,334
90% - 100%


#4 Killeen
$63,003
$59,033
$3,970
90% - 100%


#5 Wichita Falls
$63,240
$59,417
$3,824
90% - 100%


#6 Abilene
$64,544
$60,832
$3,712
90% - 100%


#7 Houston
$74,576
$68,204
$6,373
80% - 90%


#8 Austin
$81,210
$75,644
$5,566
80% - 90%


#9 San Antonio
$69,924
$67,118
$2,806
80% - 90%


#10 Beaumont
$64,370
$61,649
$2,722
80% - 90%


#11 Fort Worth
$62,465
$61,496
$970
70% - 80%


#12 Mesquite
$62,440
$61,508
$933
70% - 80%


#13 Arlington
$62,454
$61,777
$678
60% - 70%


#14 Grand Prairie
$62,481
$62,515
- $34
50% - 60%


#15 McAllen
$59,060
$59,379
- $318
50% - 60%


#16 Garland
$62,440
$62,798
- $357
50% - 60%


#17 Laredo
$63,681
$63,729
- $48
40% - 50%


#18 Dallas
$62,451
$64,502
- $2,051
40% - 50%


#19 Brownsville
$55,308
$56,502
- $1,194
30% - 40%


#20 McKinney
$62,440
$64,086
- $1,645
30% - 40%


#21 Frisco
$62,440
$64,166
- $1,725
20% - 30%


#22 Irving
$62,647
$64,866
- $2,219
20% - 30%


#23 Denton
$62,440
$65,182
- $2,741
20% - 30%


#24 Lubbock
$52,430
$55,207
- $2,776
10% - 20%


#25 Corpus Christi
$62,716
$65,851
- $3,135
10% - 20%


#26 Richardson
$62,440
$65,987
- $3,546
10% - 20%


#27 Plano
$62,440
$66,290
- $3,849
10% - 20%


#28 Midland
$64,830
$75,494
- $10,663
10% - 20%


#29 Carrollton
$62,440
$65,384
- $2,944
0% - 10%


#30 Amarillo
$52,297
$56,271
- $3,973
0% - 10%


#31 Waco
$50,680
$54,937
- $4,256
0% - 10%


#32 Odessa
$63,655
$73,800
- $10,145
0% - 10%




















Fixr.com provides cost guides, comparisons, and term cheatsheets for hundreds of remodeling, installation and repair projects.


About us
Press
Log in
Contact
					Phone: (866) 953-5377











About Fixr
Log in
Blog
Contact Us



© 2017 Fixr, all rights reserved. By using Fixr you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy








Houston Cost of Living Interactive Map - 2014 - Fixr




























INDOORCost Guides
OUTDOORCost Guides
SERVICESCost Guides








Indoor Cost Guides
Outdoor Cost Guides
Services Cost Guides








 Location Settings


  Loading, please wait...






 Log In


  Loading, please wait...



            No account? Create one






Password Recovery


  Loading, please wait...



            Don't have an account? Create one




 




Cost of Living & Affordability in 




Tweet



Home 
Texas
Houston


















Moreaffordable
Lessaffordable







Houston





Income




Taxes




House rent




Food costs




Utilities




Child care




Healthcare




Transportation




Money left




Data sources and methodology
















Average income




Average income
Minimum wage ($7.25/hr totaling $15,080 annually)


Architecture and Engineering Occupations

Aerospace Engineering and Operations Technicians
Aerospace Engineers
Agricultural Engineers
Architects, Except Landscape and Naval
Architectural and Civil Drafters
Biomedical Engineers
Cartographers and Photogrammetrists
Chemical Engineers
Civil Engineering Technicians
Civil Engineers
Computer Hardware Engineers
Drafters, All Other
Electrical and Electronics Drafters
Electrical and Electronics Engineering Technicians
Electrical Engineers
Electro-Mechanical Technicians
Electronics Engineers, Except Computer
Engineering Technicians, Except Drafters, All Other
Engineers, All Other
Environmental Engineering Technicians
Environmental Engineers
Health and Safety Engineers, Except Mining Safety Engineers and Inspectors
Industrial Engineering Technicians
Industrial Engineers
Landscape Architects
Marine Engineers and Naval Architects
Materials Engineers
Mechanical Drafters
Mechanical Engineering Technicians
Mechanical Engineers
Mining and Geological Engineers, Including Mining Safety Engineers
Nuclear Engineers
Petroleum Engineers
Surveying and Mapping Technicians
Surveyors





Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media Occupations

Art Directors
Artists and Related Workers, All Other
Athletes and Sports Competitors
Audio and Video Equipment Technicians
Broadcast News Analysts
Broadcast Technicians
Camera Operators, Television, Video, and Motion Picture
Choreographers
Coaches and Scouts
Commercial and Industrial Designers
Craft Artists
Designers, All Other
Editors
Fashion Designers
Film and Video Editors
Fine Artists, Including Painters, Sculptors, and Illustrators
Floral Designers
Graphic Designers
Interior Designers
Interpreters and Translators
Media and Communication Equipment Workers, All Other
Media and Communication Workers, All Other
Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers
Multimedia Artists and Animators
Music Directors and Composers
Photographers
Producers and Directors
Public Address System and Other Announcers
Public Relations Specialists
Radio and Television Announcers
Reporters and Correspondents
Set and Exhibit Designers
Sound Engineering Technicians
Technical Writers
Umpires, Referees, and Other Sports Officials
Writers and Authors





Building and Grounds Cleaning and Maintenance Occupations

Building Cleaning Workers, All Other
First-Line Supervisors of Housekeeping and Janitorial Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Landscaping, Lawn Service, and Groundskeeping Workers
Grounds Maintenance Workers, All Other
Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners
Landscaping and Groundskeeping Workers
Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners
Pest Control Workers
Pesticide Handlers, Sprayers, and Applicators, Vegetation
Tree Trimmers and Pruners





Business and Financial Operations Occupations

Accountants and Auditors
Agents and Business Managers of Artists, Performers, and Athletes
Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate
Budget Analysts
Business Operations Specialists, All Other
Buyers and Purchasing Agents, Farm Products
Claims Adjusters, Examiners, and Investigators
Compensation, Benefits, and Job Analysis Specialists
Compliance Officers
Cost Estimators
Credit Analysts
Credit Counselors
Financial Analysts
Financial Examiners
Financial Specialists, All Other
Fundraisers
Human Resources Specialists
Insurance Appraisers, Auto Damage
Insurance Underwriters
Labor Relations Specialists
Loan Officers
Logisticians
Management Analysts
Market Research Analysts and Marketing Specialists
Meeting, Convention, and Event Planners
Personal Financial Advisors
Purchasing Agents, Except Wholesale, Retail, and Farm Products
Tax Examiners and Collectors, and Revenue Agents
Tax Preparers
Training and Development Specialists
Wholesale and Retail Buyers, Except Farm Products





Community and Social Service Occupations

Child, Family, and School Social Workers
Clergy
Community and Social Service Specialists, All Other
Community Health Workers
Counselors, All Other
Directors, Religious Activities and Education
Educational, Guidance, School, and Vocational Counselors
Health Educators
Healthcare Social Workers
Marriage and Family Therapists
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers
Mental Health Counselors
Probation Officers and Correctional Treatment Specialists
Rehabilitation Counselors
Religious Workers, All Other
Social and Human Service Assistants
Social Workers, All Other
Substance Abuse and Behavioral Disorder Counselors





Computer and Mathematical Occupations

Actuaries
Computer and Information Research Scientists
Computer Network Architects
Computer Network Support Specialists
Computer Occupations, All Other
Computer Programmers
Computer Systems Analysts
Computer User Support Specialists
Database Administrators
Information Security Analysts
Mathematical Technicians
Mathematicians
Network and Computer Systems Administrators
Operations Research Analysts
Software Developers, Applications
Software Developers, Systems Software
Statisticians
Web Developers





Construction and Extraction Occupations

Boilermakers
Brickmasons and Blockmasons
Carpenters
Carpet Installers
Cement Masons and Concrete Finishers
Construction and Building Inspectors
Construction and Related Workers, All Other
Construction Laborers
Continuous Mining Machine Operators
Derrick Operators, Oil and Gas
Drywall and Ceiling Tile Installers
Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas
Electricians
Elevator Installers and Repairers
Explosives Workers, Ordnance Handling Experts, and Blasters
Extraction Workers, All Other
Fence Erectors
First-Line Supervisors of Construction Trades and Extraction Workers
Floor Layers, Except Carpet, Wood, and Hard Tiles
Floor Sanders and Finishers
Glaziers
Hazardous Materials Removal Workers
Helpers, Construction Trades, All Other
Helpers--Brickmasons, Blockmasons, Stonemasons, and Tile and Marble Setters
Helpers--Carpenters
Helpers--Electricians
Helpers--Extraction Workers
Helpers--Painters, Paperhangers, Plasterers, and Stucco Masons
Helpers--Pipelayers, Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters
Helpers--Roofers
Highway Maintenance Workers
Insulation Workers, Floor, Ceiling, and Wall
Insulation Workers, Mechanical
Mine Cutting and Channeling Machine Operators
Mining Machine Operators, All Other
Operating Engineers and Other Construction Equipment Operators
Painters, Construction and Maintenance
Paperhangers
Paving, Surfacing, and Tamping Equipment Operators
Pile-Driver Operators
Pipelayers
Plasterers and Stucco Masons
Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters
Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators
Reinforcing Iron and Rebar Workers
Rock Splitters, Quarry
Roofers
Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas
Roustabouts, Oil and Gas
Segmental Pavers
Septic Tank Servicers and Sewer Pipe Cleaners
Service Unit Operators, Oil, Gas, and Mining
Sheet Metal Workers
Solar Photovoltaic Installers
Stonemasons
Structural Iron and Steel Workers
Tapers
Terrazzo Workers and Finishers
Tile and Marble Setters





Education, Training, and Library Occupations

Adult Basic and Secondary Education and Literacy Teachers and Instructors
Agricultural Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary
Anthropology and Archeology Teachers, Postsecondary
Architecture Teachers, Postsecondary
Archivists
Area, Ethnic, and Cultural Studies Teachers, Postsecondary
Art, Drama, and Music Teachers, Postsecondary
Atmospheric, Earth, Marine, and Space Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary
Audio-Visual and Multimedia Collections Specialists
Biological Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Business Teachers, Postsecondary
Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School
Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School
Chemistry Teachers, Postsecondary
Communications Teachers, Postsecondary
Computer Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary
Curators
Economics Teachers, Postsecondary
Education Teachers, Postsecondary
Education, Training, and Library Workers, All Other
Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education
Engineering Teachers, Postsecondary
English Language and Literature Teachers, Postsecondary
Environmental Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Farm and Home Management Advisors
Foreign Language and Literature Teachers, Postsecondary
Forestry and Conservation Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Geography Teachers, Postsecondary
Graduate Teaching Assistants
Health Specialties Teachers, Postsecondary
History Teachers, Postsecondary
Home Economics Teachers, Postsecondary
Instructional Coordinators
Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education
Law Teachers, Postsecondary
Librarians
Library Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Library Technicians
Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Middle School Teachers, Except Special and Career/Technical Education
Museum Technicians and Conservators
Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary
Philosophy and Religion Teachers, Postsecondary
Physics Teachers, Postsecondary
Political Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Postsecondary Teachers, All Other
Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education
Psychology Teachers, Postsecondary
Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary
Secondary School Teachers, Except Special and Career/Technical Education
Self-Enrichment Education Teachers
Social Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary, All Other
Social Work Teachers, Postsecondary
Sociology Teachers, Postsecondary
Special Education Teachers, All Other
Special Education Teachers, Kindergarten and Elementary School
Special Education Teachers, Middle School
Special Education Teachers, Preschool
Special Education Teachers, Secondary School
Substitute Teachers
Teacher Assistants
Teachers and Instructors, All Other, Except Substitute Teachers
Vocational Education Teachers, Postsecondary





Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Occupations

Agricultural Equipment Operators
Agricultural Inspectors
Agricultural Workers, All Other
Animal Breeders
Fallers
Farmworkers and Laborers, Crop, Nursery, and Greenhouse
Farmworkers, Farm, Ranch, and Aquacultural Animals
First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers
Forest and Conservation Workers
Graders and Sorters, Agricultural Products
Log Graders and Scalers
Logging Equipment Operators





Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations

Bartenders
Chefs and Head Cooks
Combined Food Preparation and Serving Workers, Including Fast Food
Cooks, All Other
Cooks, Fast Food
Cooks, Institution and Cafeteria
Cooks, Private Household
Cooks, Restaurant
Cooks, Short Order
Counter Attendants, Cafeteria, Food Concession, and Coffee Shop
Dining Room and Cafeteria Attendants and Bartender Helpers
Dishwashers
First-Line Supervisors of Food Preparation and Serving Workers
Food Preparation and Serving Related Workers, All Other
Food Preparation Workers
Food Servers, Nonrestaurant
Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop
Waiters and Waitresses





Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Occupations

Anesthesiologists
Athletic Trainers
Audiologists
Cardiovascular Technologists and Technicians
Chiropractors
Dental Hygienists
Dentists, All Other Specialists
Dentists, General
Diagnostic Medical Sonographers
Dietetic Technicians
Dietitians and Nutritionists
Emergency Medical Technicians and Paramedics
Exercise Physiologists
Family and General Practitioners
Genetic Counselors
Health Diagnosing and Treating Practitioners, All Other
Health Technologists and Technicians, All Other
Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Workers, All Other
Hearing Aid Specialists
Internists, General
Licensed Practical and Licensed Vocational Nurses
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Technologists
Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technicians
Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists
Medical Records and Health Information Technicians
Nuclear Medicine Technologists
Nurse Anesthetists
Nurse Midwives
Nurse Practitioners
Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Occupational Health and Safety Specialists
Occupational Health and Safety Technicians
Occupational Therapists
Ophthalmic Medical Technicians
Opticians, Dispensing
Optometrists
Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons
Orthodontists
Orthotists and Prosthetists
Pediatricians, General
Pharmacists
Pharmacy Technicians
Physical Therapists
Physician Assistants
Physicians and Surgeons, All Other
Podiatrists
Psychiatric Technicians
Psychiatrists
Radiation Therapists
Radiologic Technologists
Recreational Therapists
Registered Nurses
Respiratory Therapists
Respiratory Therapy Technicians
Speech-Language Pathologists
Surgeons
Surgical Technologists
Therapists, All Other
Veterinarians
Veterinary Technologists and Technicians





Healthcare Support Occupations

Dental Assistants
Healthcare Support Workers, All Other
Home Health Aides
Massage Therapists
Medical Assistants
Medical Equipment Preparers
Medical Transcriptionists
Nursing Assistants
Occupational Therapy Aides
Occupational Therapy Assistants
Orderlies
Pharmacy Aides
Phlebotomists
Physical Therapist Aides
Physical Therapist Assistants
Psychiatric Aides
Veterinary Assistants and Laboratory Animal Caretakers





Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations

Aircraft Mechanics and Service Technicians
Automotive Body and Related Repairers
Automotive Glass Installers and Repairers
Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics
Avionics Technicians
Bicycle Repairers
Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists
Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers
Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers
Commercial Divers
Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers
Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door
Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers
Electrical and Electronics Installers and Repairers, Transportation Equipment
Electrical and Electronics Repairers, Commercial and Industrial Equipment
Electrical and Electronics Repairers, Powerhouse, Substation, and Relay
Electrical Power-Line Installers and Repairers
Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles
Electronic Home Entertainment Equipment Installers and Repairers
Fabric Menders, Except Garment
Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians
First-Line Supervisors of Mechanics, Installers, and Repairers
Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Mechanics and Installers
Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers
Home Appliance Repairers
Industrial Machinery Mechanics
Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers, All Other
Locksmiths and Safe Repairers
Maintenance and Repair Workers, General
Maintenance Workers, Machinery
Mechanical Door Repairers
Medical Equipment Repairers
Millwrights
Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines
Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians
Motorcycle Mechanics
Musical Instrument Repairers and Tuners
Outdoor Power Equipment and Other Small Engine Mechanics
Precision Instrument and Equipment Repairers, All Other
Radio, Cellular, and Tower Equipment Installers and Repairers
Rail Car Repairers
Recreational Vehicle Service Technicians
Refractory Materials Repairers, Except Brickmasons
Riggers
Security and Fire Alarm Systems Installers
Signal and Track Switch Repairers
Telecommunications Equipment Installers and Repairers, Except Line Installers
Telecommunications Line Installers and Repairers
Tire Repairers and Changers
Watch Repairers
Wind Turbine Service Technicians





Legal Occupations

Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers
Arbitrators, Mediators, and Conciliators
Court Reporters
Judges, Magistrate Judges, and Magistrates
Judicial Law Clerks
Lawyers
Legal Support Workers, All Other
Paralegals and Legal Assistants
Title Examiners, Abstractors, and Searchers





Life, Physical, and Social Science Occupations

Agricultural and Food Science Technicians
Animal Scientists
Anthropologists and Archeologists
Astronomers
Atmospheric and Space Scientists
Biochemists and Biophysicists
Biological Scientists, All Other
Biological Technicians
Chemical Technicians
Chemists
Clinical, Counseling, and School Psychologists
Conservation Scientists
Economists
Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health
Environmental Scientists and Specialists, Including Health
Epidemiologists
Food Scientists and Technologists
Forensic Science Technicians
Forest and Conservation Technicians
Foresters
Geographers
Geological and Petroleum Technicians
Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers
Historians
Hydrologists
Life Scientists, All Other
Life, Physical, and Social Science Technicians, All Other
Materials Scientists
Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists
Microbiologists
Nuclear Technicians
Physical Scientists, All Other
Physicists
Political Scientists
Psychologists, All Other
Social Science Research Assistants
Social Scientists and Related Workers, All Other
Sociologists
Soil and Plant Scientists
Survey Researchers
Urban and Regional Planners
Zoologists and Wildlife Biologists





Management Occupations

Administrative Services Managers
Advertising and Promotions Managers
Architectural and Engineering Managers
Chief Executives
Compensation and Benefits Managers
Computer and Information Systems Managers
Construction Managers
Education Administrators, All Other
Education Administrators, Elementary and Secondary School
Education Administrators, Postsecondary
Education Administrators, Preschool and Childcare Center/Program
Emergency Management Directors
Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers
Financial Managers
Food Service Managers
Funeral Service Managers
General and Operations Managers
Human Resources Managers
Industrial Production Managers
Legislators
Lodging Managers
Managers, All Other
Marketing Managers
Medical and Health Services Managers
Natural Sciences Managers
Postmasters and Mail Superintendents
Property, Real Estate, and Community Association Managers
Public Relations and Fundraising Managers
Purchasing Managers
Sales Managers
Social and Community Service Managers
Training and Development Managers
Transportation, Storage, and Distribution Managers





Office and Administrative Support Occupations

Bill and Account Collectors
Billing and Posting Clerks
Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks
Brokerage Clerks
Cargo and Freight Agents
Communications Equipment Operators, All Other
Computer Operators
Correspondence Clerks
Couriers and Messengers
Court, Municipal, and License Clerks
Credit Authorizers, Checkers, and Clerks
Customer Service Representatives
Data Entry Keyers
Desktop Publishers
Dispatchers, Except Police, Fire, and Ambulance
Eligibility Interviewers, Government Programs
Executive Secretaries and Executive Administrative Assistants
File Clerks
Financial Clerks, All Other
First-Line Supervisors of Office and Administrative Support Workers
Gaming Cage Workers
Hotel, Motel, and Resort Desk Clerks
Human Resources Assistants, Except Payroll and Timekeeping
Information and Record Clerks, All Other
Insurance Claims and Policy Processing Clerks
Interviewers, Except Eligibility and Loan
Legal Secretaries
Library Assistants, Clerical
Loan Interviewers and Clerks
Mail Clerks and Mail Machine Operators, Except Postal Service
Medical Secretaries
Meter Readers, Utilities
New Accounts Clerks
Office and Administrative Support Workers, All Other
Office Clerks, General
Office Machine Operators, Except Computer
Order Clerks
Payroll and Timekeeping Clerks
Police, Fire, and Ambulance Dispatchers
Postal Service Clerks
Postal Service Mail Carriers
Postal Service Mail Sorters, Processors, and Processing Machine Operators
Procurement Clerks
Production, Planning, and Expediting Clerks
Proofreaders and Copy Markers
Receptionists and Information Clerks
Reservation and Transportation Ticket Agents and Travel Clerks
Secretaries and Administrative Assistants, Except Legal, Medical, and Executive
Shipping, Receiving, and Traffic Clerks
Statistical Assistants
Stock Clerks and Order Fillers
Switchboard Operators, Including Answering Service
Telephone Operators
Tellers
Weighers, Measurers, Checkers, and Samplers, Recordkeeping
Word Processors and Typists





Personal Care and Service Occupations

Amusement and Recreation Attendants
Animal Trainers
Baggage Porters and Bellhops
Barbers
Childcare Workers
Concierges
Costume Attendants
Embalmers
Entertainment Attendants and Related Workers, All Other
First-Line Supervisors of Personal Service Workers
Fitness Trainers and Aerobics Instructors
Funeral Attendants
Gaming and Sports Book Writers and Runners
Gaming Dealers
Gaming Service Workers, All Other
Gaming Supervisors
Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists
Locker Room, Coatroom, and Dressing Room Attendants
Makeup Artists, Theatrical and Performance
Manicurists and Pedicurists
Morticians, Undertakers, and Funeral Directors
Motion Picture Projectionists
Nonfarm Animal Caretakers
Personal Care Aides
Personal Care and Service Workers, All Other
Recreation Workers
Residential Advisors
Shampooers
Skincare Specialists
Tour Guides and Escorts
Travel Guides
Ushers, Lobby Attendants, and Ticket Takers





Production Occupations

Adhesive Bonding Machine Operators and Tenders
Aircraft Structure, Surfaces, Rigging, and Systems Assemblers
Assemblers and Fabricators, All Other
Bakers
Butchers and Meat Cutters
Cabinetmakers and Bench Carpenters
Chemical Equipment Operators and Tenders
Chemical Plant and System Operators
Cleaning, Washing, and Metal Pickling Equipment Operators and Tenders
Coating, Painting, and Spraying Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Coil Winders, Tapers, and Finishers
Computer Numerically Controlled Machine Tool Programmers, Metal and Plastic
Computer-Controlled Machine Tool Operators, Metal and Plastic
Cooling and Freezing Equipment Operators and Tenders
Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Cutters and Trimmers, Hand
Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Cutting, Punching, and Press Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Dental Laboratory Technicians
Drilling and Boring Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Electrical and Electronic Equipment Assemblers
Electromechanical Equipment Assemblers
Engine and Other Machine Assemblers
Etchers and Engravers
Extruding and Drawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Extruding and Forming Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Synthetic and Glass Fibers
Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Fabric and Apparel Patternmakers
Fiberglass Laminators and Fabricators
First-Line Supervisors of Production and Operating Workers
Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders
Food Batchmakers
Food Cooking Machine Operators and Tenders
Food Processing Workers, All Other
Forging Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Foundry Mold and Coremakers
Furnace, Kiln, Oven, Drier, and Kettle Operators and Tenders
Furniture Finishers
Gas Plant Operators
Grinding and Polishing Workers, Hand
Grinding, Lapping, Polishing, and Buffing Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Heat Treating Equipment Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Helpers--Production Workers
Inspectors, Testers, Sorters, Samplers, and Weighers
Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers
Lathe and Turning Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Laundry and Dry-Cleaning Workers
Layout Workers, Metal and Plastic
Machinists
Meat, Poultry, and Fish Cutters and Trimmers
Medical Appliance Technicians
Metal Workers and Plastic Workers, All Other
Metal-Refining Furnace Operators and Tenders
Milling and Planing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Mixing and Blending Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Model Makers, Metal and Plastic
Molders, Shapers, and Casters, Except Metal and Plastic
Molding, Coremaking, and Casting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Multiple Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Nuclear Power Reactor Operators
Ophthalmic Laboratory Technicians
Packaging and Filling Machine Operators and Tenders
Painters, Transportation Equipment
Painting, Coating, and Decorating Workers
Paper Goods Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic
Patternmakers, Wood
Petroleum Pump System Operators, Refinery Operators, and Gaugers
Photographic Process Workers and Processing Machine Operators
Plant and System Operators, All Other
Plating and Coating Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Pourers and Casters, Metal
Power Distributors and Dispatchers
Power Plant Operators
Prepress Technicians and Workers
Pressers, Textile, Garment, and Related Materials
Print Binding and Finishing Workers
Printing Press Operators
Production Workers, All Other
Rolling Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood
Semiconductor Processors
Separating, Filtering, Clarifying, Precipitating, and Still Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Sewers, Hand
Sewing Machine Operators
Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers
Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders
Slaughterers and Meat Packers
Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators
Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters
Tailors, Dressmakers, and Custom Sewers
Team Assemblers
Textile Bleaching and Dyeing Machine Operators and Tenders
Textile Cutting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Textile Knitting and Weaving Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Textile Winding, Twisting, and Drawing Out Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Textile, Apparel, and Furnishings Workers, All Other
Tire Builders
Tool and Die Makers
Tool Grinders, Filers, and Sharpeners
Upholsterers
Water and Wastewater Treatment Plant and System Operators
Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers
Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Woodworkers, All Other
Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing





Protective Service Occupations

Animal Control Workers
Bailiffs
Correctional Officers and Jailers
Crossing Guards
Detectives and Criminal Investigators
Fire Inspectors and Investigators
Firefighters
First-Line Supervisors of Correctional Officers
First-Line Supervisors of Fire Fighting and Prevention Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Police and Detectives
First-Line Supervisors of Protective Service Workers, All Other
Fish and Game Wardens
Gaming Surveillance Officers and Gaming Investigators
Lifeguards, Ski Patrol, and Other Recreational Protective Service Workers
Parking Enforcement Workers
Private Detectives and Investigators
Protective Service Workers, All Other
Security Guards
Transit and Railroad Police
Transportation Security Screeners





Sales and Related Occupations

Advertising Sales Agents
Cashiers
Counter and Rental Clerks
Demonstrators and Product Promoters
Door-to-Door Sales Workers, News and Street Vendors, and Related Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Non-Retail Sales Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Retail Sales Workers
Gaming Change Persons and Booth Cashiers
Insurance Sales Agents
Models
Parts Salespersons
Real Estate Brokers
Real Estate Sales Agents
Retail Salespersons
Sales and Related Workers, All Other
Sales Engineers
Sales Representatives, Services, All Other
Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products
Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products
Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents
Telemarketers
Travel Agents





Transportation and Material Moving Occupations

Air Traffic Controllers
Aircraft Cargo Handling Supervisors
Airfield Operations Specialists
Airline Pilots, Copilots, and Flight Engineers
Ambulance Drivers and Attendants, Except Emergency Medical Technicians
Automotive and Watercraft Service Attendants
Bridge and Lock Tenders
Bus Drivers, School or Special Client
Bus Drivers, Transit and Intercity
Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels
Cleaners of Vehicles and Equipment
Commercial Pilots
Conveyor Operators and Tenders
Crane and Tower Operators
Dredge Operators
Driver/Sales Workers
Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators
First-Line Supervisors of Helpers, Laborers, and Material Movers, Hand
First-Line Supervisors of Transportation and Material-Moving Machine and Vehicle Operators
Flight Attendants
Gas Compressor and Gas Pumping Station Operators
Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers
Hoist and Winch Operators
Industrial Truck and Tractor Operators
Laborers and Freight, Stock, and Material Movers, Hand
Light Truck or Delivery Services Drivers
Locomotive Engineers
Locomotive Firers
Machine Feeders and Offbearers
Material Moving Workers, All Other
Motor Vehicle Operators, All Other
Motorboat Operators
Packers and Packagers, Hand
Parking Lot Attendants
Pump Operators, Except Wellhead Pumpers
Rail Transportation Workers, All Other
Rail Yard Engineers, Dinkey Operators, and Hostlers
Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators
Railroad Conductors and Yardmasters
Refuse and Recyclable Material Collectors
Sailors and Marine Oilers
Ship Engineers
Tank Car, Truck, and Ship Loaders
Taxi Drivers and Chauffeurs
Traffic Technicians
Transportation Attendants, Except Flight Attendants
Transportation Inspectors
Transportation Workers, All Other
Wellhead Pumpers




										... or enter income $ 
Ok











No spouse




No spouse
Average income (spouse)
Stay at home
Minimum wage ($7.25/hr totaling $15,080 annually)


Architecture and Engineering Occupations

Aerospace Engineering and Operations Technicians
Aerospace Engineers
Agricultural Engineers
Architects, Except Landscape and Naval
Architectural and Civil Drafters
Biomedical Engineers
Cartographers and Photogrammetrists
Chemical Engineers
Civil Engineering Technicians
Civil Engineers
Computer Hardware Engineers
Drafters, All Other
Electrical and Electronics Drafters
Electrical and Electronics Engineering Technicians
Electrical Engineers
Electro-Mechanical Technicians
Electronics Engineers, Except Computer
Engineering Technicians, Except Drafters, All Other
Engineers, All Other
Environmental Engineering Technicians
Environmental Engineers
Health and Safety Engineers, Except Mining Safety Engineers and Inspectors
Industrial Engineering Technicians
Industrial Engineers
Landscape Architects
Marine Engineers and Naval Architects
Materials Engineers
Mechanical Drafters
Mechanical Engineering Technicians
Mechanical Engineers
Mining and Geological Engineers, Including Mining Safety Engineers
Nuclear Engineers
Petroleum Engineers
Surveying and Mapping Technicians
Surveyors





Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media Occupations

Art Directors
Artists and Related Workers, All Other
Athletes and Sports Competitors
Audio and Video Equipment Technicians
Broadcast News Analysts
Broadcast Technicians
Camera Operators, Television, Video, and Motion Picture
Choreographers
Coaches and Scouts
Commercial and Industrial Designers
Craft Artists
Designers, All Other
Editors
Fashion Designers
Film and Video Editors
Fine Artists, Including Painters, Sculptors, and Illustrators
Floral Designers
Graphic Designers
Interior Designers
Interpreters and Translators
Media and Communication Equipment Workers, All Other
Media and Communication Workers, All Other
Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers
Multimedia Artists and Animators
Music Directors and Composers
Photographers
Producers and Directors
Public Address System and Other Announcers
Public Relations Specialists
Radio and Television Announcers
Reporters and Correspondents
Set and Exhibit Designers
Sound Engineering Technicians
Technical Writers
Umpires, Referees, and Other Sports Officials
Writers and Authors





Building and Grounds Cleaning and Maintenance Occupations

Building Cleaning Workers, All Other
First-Line Supervisors of Housekeeping and Janitorial Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Landscaping, Lawn Service, and Groundskeeping Workers
Grounds Maintenance Workers, All Other
Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners
Landscaping and Groundskeeping Workers
Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners
Pest Control Workers
Pesticide Handlers, Sprayers, and Applicators, Vegetation
Tree Trimmers and Pruners





Business and Financial Operations Occupations

Accountants and Auditors
Agents and Business Managers of Artists, Performers, and Athletes
Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate
Budget Analysts
Business Operations Specialists, All Other
Buyers and Purchasing Agents, Farm Products
Claims Adjusters, Examiners, and Investigators
Compensation, Benefits, and Job Analysis Specialists
Compliance Officers
Cost Estimators
Credit Analysts
Credit Counselors
Financial Analysts
Financial Examiners
Financial Specialists, All Other
Fundraisers
Human Resources Specialists
Insurance Appraisers, Auto Damage
Insurance Underwriters
Labor Relations Specialists
Loan Officers
Logisticians
Management Analysts
Market Research Analysts and Marketing Specialists
Meeting, Convention, and Event Planners
Personal Financial Advisors
Purchasing Agents, Except Wholesale, Retail, and Farm Products
Tax Examiners and Collectors, and Revenue Agents
Tax Preparers
Training and Development Specialists
Wholesale and Retail Buyers, Except Farm Products





Community and Social Service Occupations

Child, Family, and School Social Workers
Clergy
Community and Social Service Specialists, All Other
Community Health Workers
Counselors, All Other
Directors, Religious Activities and Education
Educational, Guidance, School, and Vocational Counselors
Health Educators
Healthcare Social Workers
Marriage and Family Therapists
Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers
Mental Health Counselors
Probation Officers and Correctional Treatment Specialists
Rehabilitation Counselors
Religious Workers, All Other
Social and Human Service Assistants
Social Workers, All Other
Substance Abuse and Behavioral Disorder Counselors





Computer and Mathematical Occupations

Actuaries
Computer and Information Research Scientists
Computer Network Architects
Computer Network Support Specialists
Computer Occupations, All Other
Computer Programmers
Computer Systems Analysts
Computer User Support Specialists
Database Administrators
Information Security Analysts
Mathematical Technicians
Mathematicians
Network and Computer Systems Administrators
Operations Research Analysts
Software Developers, Applications
Software Developers, Systems Software
Statisticians
Web Developers





Construction and Extraction Occupations

Boilermakers
Brickmasons and Blockmasons
Carpenters
Carpet Installers
Cement Masons and Concrete Finishers
Construction and Building Inspectors
Construction and Related Workers, All Other
Construction Laborers
Continuous Mining Machine Operators
Derrick Operators, Oil and Gas
Drywall and Ceiling Tile Installers
Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas
Electricians
Elevator Installers and Repairers
Explosives Workers, Ordnance Handling Experts, and Blasters
Extraction Workers, All Other
Fence Erectors
First-Line Supervisors of Construction Trades and Extraction Workers
Floor Layers, Except Carpet, Wood, and Hard Tiles
Floor Sanders and Finishers
Glaziers
Hazardous Materials Removal Workers
Helpers, Construction Trades, All Other
Helpers--Brickmasons, Blockmasons, Stonemasons, and Tile and Marble Setters
Helpers--Carpenters
Helpers--Electricians
Helpers--Extraction Workers
Helpers--Painters, Paperhangers, Plasterers, and Stucco Masons
Helpers--Pipelayers, Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters
Helpers--Roofers
Highway Maintenance Workers
Insulation Workers, Floor, Ceiling, and Wall
Insulation Workers, Mechanical
Mine Cutting and Channeling Machine Operators
Mining Machine Operators, All Other
Operating Engineers and Other Construction Equipment Operators
Painters, Construction and Maintenance
Paperhangers
Paving, Surfacing, and Tamping Equipment Operators
Pile-Driver Operators
Pipelayers
Plasterers and Stucco Masons
Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters
Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators
Reinforcing Iron and Rebar Workers
Rock Splitters, Quarry
Roofers
Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas
Roustabouts, Oil and Gas
Segmental Pavers
Septic Tank Servicers and Sewer Pipe Cleaners
Service Unit Operators, Oil, Gas, and Mining
Sheet Metal Workers
Solar Photovoltaic Installers
Stonemasons
Structural Iron and Steel Workers
Tapers
Terrazzo Workers and Finishers
Tile and Marble Setters





Education, Training, and Library Occupations

Adult Basic and Secondary Education and Literacy Teachers and Instructors
Agricultural Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary
Anthropology and Archeology Teachers, Postsecondary
Architecture Teachers, Postsecondary
Archivists
Area, Ethnic, and Cultural Studies Teachers, Postsecondary
Art, Drama, and Music Teachers, Postsecondary
Atmospheric, Earth, Marine, and Space Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary
Audio-Visual and Multimedia Collections Specialists
Biological Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Business Teachers, Postsecondary
Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School
Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School
Chemistry Teachers, Postsecondary
Communications Teachers, Postsecondary
Computer Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary
Curators
Economics Teachers, Postsecondary
Education Teachers, Postsecondary
Education, Training, and Library Workers, All Other
Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education
Engineering Teachers, Postsecondary
English Language and Literature Teachers, Postsecondary
Environmental Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Farm and Home Management Advisors
Foreign Language and Literature Teachers, Postsecondary
Forestry and Conservation Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Geography Teachers, Postsecondary
Graduate Teaching Assistants
Health Specialties Teachers, Postsecondary
History Teachers, Postsecondary
Home Economics Teachers, Postsecondary
Instructional Coordinators
Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education
Law Teachers, Postsecondary
Librarians
Library Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Library Technicians
Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Middle School Teachers, Except Special and Career/Technical Education
Museum Technicians and Conservators
Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary
Philosophy and Religion Teachers, Postsecondary
Physics Teachers, Postsecondary
Political Science Teachers, Postsecondary
Postsecondary Teachers, All Other
Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education
Psychology Teachers, Postsecondary
Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary
Secondary School Teachers, Except Special and Career/Technical Education
Self-Enrichment Education Teachers
Social Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary, All Other
Social Work Teachers, Postsecondary
Sociology Teachers, Postsecondary
Special Education Teachers, All Other
Special Education Teachers, Kindergarten and Elementary School
Special Education Teachers, Middle School
Special Education Teachers, Preschool
Special Education Teachers, Secondary School
Substitute Teachers
Teacher Assistants
Teachers and Instructors, All Other, Except Substitute Teachers
Vocational Education Teachers, Postsecondary





Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Occupations

Agricultural Equipment Operators
Agricultural Inspectors
Agricultural Workers, All Other
Animal Breeders
Fallers
Farmworkers and Laborers, Crop, Nursery, and Greenhouse
Farmworkers, Farm, Ranch, and Aquacultural Animals
First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers
Forest and Conservation Workers
Graders and Sorters, Agricultural Products
Log Graders and Scalers
Logging Equipment Operators





Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations

Bartenders
Chefs and Head Cooks
Combined Food Preparation and Serving Workers, Including Fast Food
Cooks, All Other
Cooks, Fast Food
Cooks, Institution and Cafeteria
Cooks, Private Household
Cooks, Restaurant
Cooks, Short Order
Counter Attendants, Cafeteria, Food Concession, and Coffee Shop
Dining Room and Cafeteria Attendants and Bartender Helpers
Dishwashers
First-Line Supervisors of Food Preparation and Serving Workers
Food Preparation and Serving Related Workers, All Other
Food Preparation Workers
Food Servers, Nonrestaurant
Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop
Waiters and Waitresses





Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Occupations

Anesthesiologists
Athletic Trainers
Audiologists
Cardiovascular Technologists and Technicians
Chiropractors
Dental Hygienists
Dentists, All Other Specialists
Dentists, General
Diagnostic Medical Sonographers
Dietetic Technicians
Dietitians and Nutritionists
Emergency Medical Technicians and Paramedics
Exercise Physiologists
Family and General Practitioners
Genetic Counselors
Health Diagnosing and Treating Practitioners, All Other
Health Technologists and Technicians, All Other
Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Workers, All Other
Hearing Aid Specialists
Internists, General
Licensed Practical and Licensed Vocational Nurses
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Technologists
Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technicians
Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists
Medical Records and Health Information Technicians
Nuclear Medicine Technologists
Nurse Anesthetists
Nurse Midwives
Nurse Practitioners
Obstetricians and Gynecologists
Occupational Health and Safety Specialists
Occupational Health and Safety Technicians
Occupational Therapists
Ophthalmic Medical Technicians
Opticians, Dispensing
Optometrists
Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons
Orthodontists
Orthotists and Prosthetists
Pediatricians, General
Pharmacists
Pharmacy Technicians
Physical Therapists
Physician Assistants
Physicians and Surgeons, All Other
Podiatrists
Psychiatric Technicians
Psychiatrists
Radiation Therapists
Radiologic Technologists
Recreational Therapists
Registered Nurses
Respiratory Therapists
Respiratory Therapy Technicians
Speech-Language Pathologists
Surgeons
Surgical Technologists
Therapists, All Other
Veterinarians
Veterinary Technologists and Technicians





Healthcare Support Occupations

Dental Assistants
Healthcare Support Workers, All Other
Home Health Aides
Massage Therapists
Medical Assistants
Medical Equipment Preparers
Medical Transcriptionists
Nursing Assistants
Occupational Therapy Aides
Occupational Therapy Assistants
Orderlies
Pharmacy Aides
Phlebotomists
Physical Therapist Aides
Physical Therapist Assistants
Psychiatric Aides
Veterinary Assistants and Laboratory Animal Caretakers





Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations

Aircraft Mechanics and Service Technicians
Automotive Body and Related Repairers
Automotive Glass Installers and Repairers
Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics
Avionics Technicians
Bicycle Repairers
Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists
Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers
Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers
Commercial Divers
Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers
Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door
Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers
Electrical and Electronics Installers and Repairers, Transportation Equipment
Electrical and Electronics Repairers, Commercial and Industrial Equipment
Electrical and Electronics Repairers, Powerhouse, Substation, and Relay
Electrical Power-Line Installers and Repairers
Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles
Electronic Home Entertainment Equipment Installers and Repairers
Fabric Menders, Except Garment
Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians
First-Line Supervisors of Mechanics, Installers, and Repairers
Heating, Air Conditioning, and Refrigeration Mechanics and Installers
Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers
Home Appliance Repairers
Industrial Machinery Mechanics
Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers, All Other
Locksmiths and Safe Repairers
Maintenance and Repair Workers, General
Maintenance Workers, Machinery
Mechanical Door Repairers
Medical Equipment Repairers
Millwrights
Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines
Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians
Motorcycle Mechanics
Musical Instrument Repairers and Tuners
Outdoor Power Equipment and Other Small Engine Mechanics
Precision Instrument and Equipment Repairers, All Other
Radio, Cellular, and Tower Equipment Installers and Repairers
Rail Car Repairers
Recreational Vehicle Service Technicians
Refractory Materials Repairers, Except Brickmasons
Riggers
Security and Fire Alarm Systems Installers
Signal and Track Switch Repairers
Telecommunications Equipment Installers and Repairers, Except Line Installers
Telecommunications Line Installers and Repairers
Tire Repairers and Changers
Watch Repairers
Wind Turbine Service Technicians





Legal Occupations

Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers
Arbitrators, Mediators, and Conciliators
Court Reporters
Judges, Magistrate Judges, and Magistrates
Judicial Law Clerks
Lawyers
Legal Support Workers, All Other
Paralegals and Legal Assistants
Title Examiners, Abstractors, and Searchers





Life, Physical, and Social Science Occupations

Agricultural and Food Science Technicians
Animal Scientists
Anthropologists and Archeologists
Astronomers
Atmospheric and Space Scientists
Biochemists and Biophysicists
Biological Scientists, All Other
Biological Technicians
Chemical Technicians
Chemists
Clinical, Counseling, and School Psychologists
Conservation Scientists
Economists
Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health
Environmental Scientists and Specialists, Including Health
Epidemiologists
Food Scientists and Technologists
Forensic Science Technicians
Forest and Conservation Technicians
Foresters
Geographers
Geological and Petroleum Technicians
Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers
Historians
Hydrologists
Life Scientists, All Other
Life, Physical, and Social Science Technicians, All Other
Materials Scientists
Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists
Microbiologists
Nuclear Technicians
Physical Scientists, All Other
Physicists
Political Scientists
Psychologists, All Other
Social Science Research Assistants
Social Scientists and Related Workers, All Other
Sociologists
Soil and Plant Scientists
Survey Researchers
Urban and Regional Planners
Zoologists and Wildlife Biologists





Management Occupations

Administrative Services Managers
Advertising and Promotions Managers
Architectural and Engineering Managers
Chief Executives
Compensation and Benefits Managers
Computer and Information Systems Managers
Construction Managers
Education Administrators, All Other
Education Administrators, Elementary and Secondary School
Education Administrators, Postsecondary
Education Administrators, Preschool and Childcare Center/Program
Emergency Management Directors
Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers
Financial Managers
Food Service Managers
Funeral Service Managers
General and Operations Managers
Human Resources Managers
Industrial Production Managers
Legislators
Lodging Managers
Managers, All Other
Marketing Managers
Medical and Health Services Managers
Natural Sciences Managers
Postmasters and Mail Superintendents
Property, Real Estate, and Community Association Managers
Public Relations and Fundraising Managers
Purchasing Managers
Sales Managers
Social and Community Service Managers
Training and Development Managers
Transportation, Storage, and Distribution Managers





Office and Administrative Support Occupations

Bill and Account Collectors
Billing and Posting Clerks
Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks
Brokerage Clerks
Cargo and Freight Agents
Communications Equipment Operators, All Other
Computer Operators
Correspondence Clerks
Couriers and Messengers
Court, Municipal, and License Clerks
Credit Authorizers, Checkers, and Clerks
Customer Service Representatives
Data Entry Keyers
Desktop Publishers
Dispatchers, Except Police, Fire, and Ambulance
Eligibility Interviewers, Government Programs
Executive Secretaries and Executive Administrative Assistants
File Clerks
Financial Clerks, All Other
First-Line Supervisors of Office and Administrative Support Workers
Gaming Cage Workers
Hotel, Motel, and Resort Desk Clerks
Human Resources Assistants, Except Payroll and Timekeeping
Information and Record Clerks, All Other
Insurance Claims and Policy Processing Clerks
Interviewers, Except Eligibility and Loan
Legal Secretaries
Library Assistants, Clerical
Loan Interviewers and Clerks
Mail Clerks and Mail Machine Operators, Except Postal Service
Medical Secretaries
Meter Readers, Utilities
New Accounts Clerks
Office and Administrative Support Workers, All Other
Office Clerks, General
Office Machine Operators, Except Computer
Order Clerks
Payroll and Timekeeping Clerks
Police, Fire, and Ambulance Dispatchers
Postal Service Clerks
Postal Service Mail Carriers
Postal Service Mail Sorters, Processors, and Processing Machine Operators
Procurement Clerks
Production, Planning, and Expediting Clerks
Proofreaders and Copy Markers
Receptionists and Information Clerks
Reservation and Transportation Ticket Agents and Travel Clerks
Secretaries and Administrative Assistants, Except Legal, Medical, and Executive
Shipping, Receiving, and Traffic Clerks
Statistical Assistants
Stock Clerks and Order Fillers
Switchboard Operators, Including Answering Service
Telephone Operators
Tellers
Weighers, Measurers, Checkers, and Samplers, Recordkeeping
Word Processors and Typists





Personal Care and Service Occupations

Amusement and Recreation Attendants
Animal Trainers
Baggage Porters and Bellhops
Barbers
Childcare Workers
Concierges
Costume Attendants
Embalmers
Entertainment Attendants and Related Workers, All Other
First-Line Supervisors of Personal Service Workers
Fitness Trainers and Aerobics Instructors
Funeral Attendants
Gaming and Sports Book Writers and Runners
Gaming Dealers
Gaming Service Workers, All Other
Gaming Supervisors
Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists
Locker Room, Coatroom, and Dressing Room Attendants
Makeup Artists, Theatrical and Performance
Manicurists and Pedicurists
Morticians, Undertakers, and Funeral Directors
Motion Picture Projectionists
Nonfarm Animal Caretakers
Personal Care Aides
Personal Care and Service Workers, All Other
Recreation Workers
Residential Advisors
Shampooers
Skincare Specialists
Tour Guides and Escorts
Travel Guides
Ushers, Lobby Attendants, and Ticket Takers





Production Occupations

Adhesive Bonding Machine Operators and Tenders
Aircraft Structure, Surfaces, Rigging, and Systems Assemblers
Assemblers and Fabricators, All Other
Bakers
Butchers and Meat Cutters
Cabinetmakers and Bench Carpenters
Chemical Equipment Operators and Tenders
Chemical Plant and System Operators
Cleaning, Washing, and Metal Pickling Equipment Operators and Tenders
Coating, Painting, and Spraying Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Coil Winders, Tapers, and Finishers
Computer Numerically Controlled Machine Tool Programmers, Metal and Plastic
Computer-Controlled Machine Tool Operators, Metal and Plastic
Cooling and Freezing Equipment Operators and Tenders
Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Cutters and Trimmers, Hand
Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Cutting, Punching, and Press Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Dental Laboratory Technicians
Drilling and Boring Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Electrical and Electronic Equipment Assemblers
Electromechanical Equipment Assemblers
Engine and Other Machine Assemblers
Etchers and Engravers
Extruding and Drawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Extruding and Forming Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Synthetic and Glass Fibers
Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Fabric and Apparel Patternmakers
Fiberglass Laminators and Fabricators
First-Line Supervisors of Production and Operating Workers
Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders
Food Batchmakers
Food Cooking Machine Operators and Tenders
Food Processing Workers, All Other
Forging Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Foundry Mold and Coremakers
Furnace, Kiln, Oven, Drier, and Kettle Operators and Tenders
Furniture Finishers
Gas Plant Operators
Grinding and Polishing Workers, Hand
Grinding, Lapping, Polishing, and Buffing Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Heat Treating Equipment Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Helpers--Production Workers
Inspectors, Testers, Sorters, Samplers, and Weighers
Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers
Lathe and Turning Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Laundry and Dry-Cleaning Workers
Layout Workers, Metal and Plastic
Machinists
Meat, Poultry, and Fish Cutters and Trimmers
Medical Appliance Technicians
Metal Workers and Plastic Workers, All Other
Metal-Refining Furnace Operators and Tenders
Milling and Planing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Mixing and Blending Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Model Makers, Metal and Plastic
Molders, Shapers, and Casters, Except Metal and Plastic
Molding, Coremaking, and Casting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Multiple Machine Tool Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Nuclear Power Reactor Operators
Ophthalmic Laboratory Technicians
Packaging and Filling Machine Operators and Tenders
Painters, Transportation Equipment
Painting, Coating, and Decorating Workers
Paper Goods Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic
Patternmakers, Wood
Petroleum Pump System Operators, Refinery Operators, and Gaugers
Photographic Process Workers and Processing Machine Operators
Plant and System Operators, All Other
Plating and Coating Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Pourers and Casters, Metal
Power Distributors and Dispatchers
Power Plant Operators
Prepress Technicians and Workers
Pressers, Textile, Garment, and Related Materials
Print Binding and Finishing Workers
Printing Press Operators
Production Workers, All Other
Rolling Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Metal and Plastic
Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood
Semiconductor Processors
Separating, Filtering, Clarifying, Precipitating, and Still Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Sewers, Hand
Sewing Machine Operators
Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers
Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders
Slaughterers and Meat Packers
Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators
Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters
Tailors, Dressmakers, and Custom Sewers
Team Assemblers
Textile Bleaching and Dyeing Machine Operators and Tenders
Textile Cutting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Textile Knitting and Weaving Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Textile Winding, Twisting, and Drawing Out Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Textile, Apparel, and Furnishings Workers, All Other
Tire Builders
Tool and Die Makers
Tool Grinders, Filers, and Sharpeners
Upholsterers
Water and Wastewater Treatment Plant and System Operators
Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers
Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders
Woodworkers, All Other
Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing





Protective Service Occupations

Animal Control Workers
Bailiffs
Correctional Officers and Jailers
Crossing Guards
Detectives and Criminal Investigators
Fire Inspectors and Investigators
Firefighters
First-Line Supervisors of Correctional Officers
First-Line Supervisors of Fire Fighting and Prevention Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Police and Detectives
First-Line Supervisors of Protective Service Workers, All Other
Fish and Game Wardens
Gaming Surveillance Officers and Gaming Investigators
Lifeguards, Ski Patrol, and Other Recreational Protective Service Workers
Parking Enforcement Workers
Private Detectives and Investigators
Protective Service Workers, All Other
Security Guards
Transit and Railroad Police
Transportation Security Screeners





Sales and Related Occupations

Advertising Sales Agents
Cashiers
Counter and Rental Clerks
Demonstrators and Product Promoters
Door-to-Door Sales Workers, News and Street Vendors, and Related Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Non-Retail Sales Workers
First-Line Supervisors of Retail Sales Workers
Gaming Change Persons and Booth Cashiers
Insurance Sales Agents
Models
Parts Salespersons
Real Estate Brokers
Real Estate Sales Agents
Retail Salespersons
Sales and Related Workers, All Other
Sales Engineers
Sales Representatives, Services, All Other
Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products
Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products
Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents
Telemarketers
Travel Agents





Transportation and Material Moving Occupations

Air Traffic Controllers
Aircraft Cargo Handling Supervisors
Airfield Operations Specialists
Airline Pilots, Copilots, and Flight Engineers
Ambulance Drivers and Attendants, Except Emergency Medical Technicians
Automotive and Watercraft Service Attendants
Bridge and Lock Tenders
Bus Drivers, School or Special Client
Bus Drivers, Transit and Intercity
Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels
Cleaners of Vehicles and Equipment
Commercial Pilots
Conveyor Operators and Tenders
Crane and Tower Operators
Dredge Operators
Driver/Sales Workers
Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators
First-Line Supervisors of Helpers, Laborers, and Material Movers, Hand
First-Line Supervisors of Transportation and Material-Moving Machine and Vehicle Operators
Flight Attendants
Gas Compressor and Gas Pumping Station Operators
Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers
Hoist and Winch Operators
Industrial Truck and Tractor Operators
Laborers and Freight, Stock, and Material Movers, Hand
Light Truck or Delivery Services Drivers
Locomotive Engineers
Locomotive Firers
Machine Feeders and Offbearers
Material Moving Workers, All Other
Motor Vehicle Operators, All Other
Motorboat Operators
Packers and Packagers, Hand
Parking Lot Attendants
Pump Operators, Except Wellhead Pumpers
Rail Transportation Workers, All Other
Rail Yard Engineers, Dinkey Operators, and Hostlers
Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators
Railroad Conductors and Yardmasters
Refuse and Recyclable Material Collectors
Sailors and Marine Oilers
Ship Engineers
Tank Car, Truck, and Ship Loaders
Taxi Drivers and Chauffeurs
Traffic Technicians
Transportation Attendants, Except Flight Attendants
Transportation Inspectors
Transportation Workers, All Other
Wellhead Pumpers




										... or enter income $ 
Ok

















+ add member








						Rent
							
2100 sq.ft.
					





Moderate-cost Food Plan



Thrifty Food Plan
Low-cost Food Plan
Moderate-cost Food Plan
Liberal Food Plan














Need something done in Houston?
Home and Garden



Architects, Builders & Engineers

Custom Home Builders


Custom Home Builders



Carpets & Floors

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Flooring


Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Flooring



Cleaning

Window Cleaning
Pressure Washing
House Cleaning & Maids
See all

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Tile & Grout Cleaning
Chimney, Duct & Vent Cleaning



Window Cleaning
Pressure Washing
House Cleaning & Maids
See all

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Tile & Grout Cleaning
Chimney, Duct & Vent Cleaning



 


Concrete, Brick, Tile & Stone

Tile & Grout Cleaning
Concrete


Tile & Grout Cleaning
Concrete



Construction & Remodeling

Kitchen Designers
General Contractors
Home Remodeling


Kitchen Designers
General Contractors
Home Remodeling



Decks, Porches, Garages & Outdoors

Garages, Sheds & Enclosures
Garage Doors
Fences & Gates
See all

General Contractors
Decks, Patios & Porches



Garages, Sheds & Enclosures
Garage Doors
Fences & Gates
See all

General Contractors
Decks, Patios & Porches



 


Fireplaces, Ducts & Chimneys

Chimney, Duct & Vent Cleaning


Chimney, Duct & Vent Cleaning



Furniture & Upholstery

Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning


Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning



Handymen, Installations & Repairs

Appliance Repairs
Electricians
Handyman & Home Repairs
Damage Restoration


Appliance Repairs
Electricians
Handyman & Home Repairs
Damage Restoration


 


Home Emergencies, Maintenance & Protection

Security Systems
Locksmiths


Security Systems
Locksmiths



Housewares

Appliance Repairs


Appliance Repairs



Landscaping & Gardening

Lawn Care & Gardening
Tree Services
Landscapers


Lawn Care & Gardening
Tree Services
Landscapers


 


Moving, Removals & Storage

Movers
Real Estate Agents


Movers
Real Estate Agents



Painters, Decorators & Designers

Painters


Painters



Roofing, Gutters, Paving & Siding

Roofing


Roofing


 


Skilled Trades

Doors
Pressure Washing
Roofing
See all

Concrete
Air-Conditioning & Heating (HVAC)
Painters
Handyman & Home Repairs
Tree Services
Flooring
Home Remodeling
Security Systems
Plumbers
Landscapers
Custom Home Builders
Window Installations
General Contractors
Locksmiths
Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Electricians



Doors
Pressure Washing
Roofing
See all

Concrete
Air-Conditioning & Heating (HVAC)
Painters
Handyman & Home Repairs
Tree Services
Flooring
Home Remodeling
Security Systems
Plumbers
Landscapers
Custom Home Builders
Window Installations
General Contractors
Locksmiths
Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Electricians




Water, Electric, Air-Conditioning & Heating

Air-Conditioning & Heating (HVAC)
Electricians
Plumbers
Water Heaters


Air-Conditioning & Heating (HVAC)
Electricians
Plumbers
Water Heaters



Windows & Doors

Doors
Window Cleaning
Window Installations


Doors
Window Cleaning
Window Installations


 


Moving & Storage

Movers


Movers



Personal Tasks & Maintenance

House Cleaning & Maids


House Cleaning & Maids



Real Estate

Real Estate Agents


Real Estate Agents




Events



Photography & Video

Photographers


Photographers




Care



Babysitting, Nanny & Elder Care

Child Care


Child Care




Tech



Computer & Laptop

Computer Maintenance & Repairs


Computer Maintenance & Repairs




Vehicles



Car & Truck Repairs & Maintenance

Vehicle Mechanics & Technicians


Vehicle Mechanics & Technicians




Health



Medical Doctors

Dentists


Dentists




Business Services



Creative

Photographers


Photographers



Legal

Business Attorneys
Personal Injury Attorneys
DUI & DWI Lawyers
Criminal Attorneys


Business Attorneys
Personal Injury Attorneys
DUI & DWI Lawyers
Criminal Attorneys



Marketing & Communications

Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
SEM & Internet Marketing


Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
SEM & Internet Marketing


 


Moving & Storage

Movers


Movers



Skilled Trades

Doors
Pressure Washing
Roofing
See all

Concrete
Air-Conditioning & Heating (HVAC)
Painters
Handyman & Home Repairs
Tree Services
Flooring
Home Remodeling
Security Systems
Plumbers
Landscapers
Custom Home Builders
Window Installations
General Contractors
Locksmiths
Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Electricians



Doors
Pressure Washing
Roofing
See all

Concrete
Air-Conditioning & Heating (HVAC)
Painters
Handyman & Home Repairs
Tree Services
Flooring
Home Remodeling
Security Systems
Plumbers
Landscapers
Custom Home Builders
Window Installations
General Contractors
Locksmiths
Carpet & Upholstery Cleaning
Electricians




Tech & Web

Website Development
Computer Maintenance & Repairs
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
SEM & Internet Marketing


Website Development
Computer Maintenance & Repairs
Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
SEM & Internet Marketing





 


Near Houston:



Pasadena
Spring
Sugar Land
Katy
Beaumont
Tyler
Austin
Round Rock
San Antonio


Pasadena
Spring
Sugar Land
Katy
Beaumont
Tyler
Austin
Round Rock
San Antonio



 
 
 
 












Fixr.com provides cost guides, comparisons, and term cheatsheets for hundreds of remodeling, installation and repair projects.


About us
Press
Log in
Contact
					Phone: (866) 953-5377











About Fixr
Log in
Blog
Contact Us



© 2017 Fixr, all rights reserved. By using Fixr you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy








Injury Attorney Cost Estimates Houston TX - 29 Services - Fixr



























INDOOR  Cost Guides
OUTDOORCost Guides
SERVICESCost Guides
COMPARISONGuides








Indoor Cost Guides
Outdoor Cost Guides
Services Cost Guides
Comparison Guides








 Location Settings


  Loading, please wait...






 Log In


  Loading, please wait...



            No account? Create one






Password Recovery


  Loading, please wait...



            Don't have an account? Create one




 





29+ Personal Injury Attorneys in Houston, TX

Home 
Texas 
Houston 
Personal Injury Attorneys



















Lawyer for Personal Injury



Paxton Law Firm





321 Heights Blvd,					

Houston, TX 77007





Richard Paxton of Paxton Law Firm is an attorney who possess the professional skill and dedication to defending and protecting his clients' rights and interests, he makes sure you receive just compensation. For more info on his services, contact Paxton Law Firm today!


















Product Liability Attorney



Surgery Infection Lawyer





 

Houston, TX 77005





Hospital-acquired infections are a major threat to patient safety, surgical site infections (SSI) are among the most common. SSIs pose serious risks and in some cases have required additional&nbsp...



 4 Q&A -  3 pictures
			

 4 Q&A -  3 pictures
			












Expert Attorneys for Personal Injuries



Fitts Zehl LLP





2700 Post Oak Blvd.,					

Houston, TX 77056





Fitts Zehl represents clients from across the country who were seriously injured in truck and bus accidents while working offshore and in workplace and refinery accidents. The lawyers devote whatever time and resources are necessary to obtaining the best possible result for their clients. Call now!



 4 Q&A -  6 pictures
			

 4 Q&A -  6 pictures
			












Medical Malpractice Lawyer



Hastings Law Firm





5100 Westheimer Road Suite 200,					

Houston, TX 77056





The Hastings Law Firm is a group of Houston attorneys dedicated to helping those who have been injured through medical negligence of a doctor, hospital, or any medical practitioner or company.&nbsp...


















Personal Injury Attorney



The Philips Law Firm





2611 Cypress Creek Parkway Ste D-101,					

Houston, TX 77068





For your auto accident compensations, when you deserve a tree not to end up with a branch, contact our personal injury attorney at The Philips Law Firm in Houston, TX!



 4 pictures
			

 4 pictures
			












Personal Injury Attorney



Zehl & Associates, PC





2700 Post Oak Blvd Ste 1120,					

Houston, TX 77056





Zehl & Associates is a leading Personal Injury Law Firm that represents clients across Texas and the United States.


















Personal Injury Attorney



The Nielsen Law Firm, P.C.





9800 Northwest Fwy,					

Houston, TX 77092





Our firm is dedicated to helping victims of serious accidents get fair compensation from insurance companies. Attorney Eric Nielsen has been handling personal injury cases for over 30 years. Our&nbsp...



 5 pictures
			

 5 pictures
			












Personal Injury Attorney



Law Office of Joseph Onwuteaka, P.C.





8323 Southwest Fwy #650,					

Houston, TX 77074





The Law Office of Joseph Onwuteaka, P.C., provides experienced, tenacious representation to seek justice and stand up for your rights in every situation. If you have been injured in an accident, you&nbsp...



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			












Personal Injury Attorney



Joel A. Gordon & Associates





6666 Harwin Dr., Suite 220,					

Houston, TX 77036





From our office in Houston, we represent truck accident injury victims throughout Texas.


















Personal Injury Attorney



John K. Zaid & Associates, PLLC





933 Studewood St,					

Houston, TX 77008





John K. Zaid & Associates, PLLC, a Houston, Texas Law Firm specializing in Houston Car Accidents, Personal Injury, and Motor Vehicle Accidents.



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			












personal injury lawyer, attorney



Sigmon Law, PLLC





2929 Allen Pkwy, #200,					

Houston, TX 77019





If you have been hurt or seriously injured in an accident, then you need the best Houston personal injury attorney available. Mr. Sigmon has been helping clients in the Houston area for more than 20&nbsp...



 3 pictures
			

 3 pictures
			












Car Accident Lawyer



John K. Zaid & Associates, PLLC





933 Studewood St,					

Houston, TX 77008





My name is John Zaid and my philosophy is quite simple: work hard for my clients, get the results my clients deserve and be candid and upfront about costs, fees and expectations. I pride myself in&nbsp...



 2 pictures
			

 2 pictures
			












Personal Injury Attorney



Personal Injury Law Professionals





16550 Beckland Ln,					

Houston, TX 77084





Top rated Personal Injury Attorney's who help our clients get maximum compensation to cover medical expenses, lost wages, and all other losses, that were due to an accident caused by the negligence&nbsp...



 3 pictures
			

 3 pictures
			












Personal Injury Attorney



The Doan Law Firm, P.C.





1 Riverway Suite 2325,					

Houston, TX 77056





When you face serious injuries that have come through the actions of another person or corporation, whether the injuries are due to negligence, recklessness, dangerous acts, or faulty products, it is&nbsp...



 2 pictures
			

 2 pictures
			












Personal Injury Attorney



Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.





1 Riverway #1700,					

Houston, TX 77056





Whether you were hurt by a distracted driver or lost a loved one due to a dangerous product, we can help you. At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C., we represent people and their families in&nbsp...


















Personal Injury Attorney



Stewart J. Guss, Attorney at Law





12777 Jones Rd, Suite 297,					

Houston, TX 77070





My name is Stewart J. Guss and I am a Personal Injury Attorney in Houston, serving the Greater Houston area including Spring, Tomball, Katy, Cypress, The Woodlands and more. Want justice? We are here&nbsp...



 2 pictures
			

 2 pictures
			












Personal Injury Attorney



McDonald Worley Attorneys at Law





1770 St. James Place, Suite 100,					

Houston, TX 77056





Experienced accident injury law firm for people in need of skilled legal help and understanding of client needs inside and outside the courts.



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			












Lawyers for the Injured. Ready for trial, armed with experience.



Morrow & Sheppard LLP





3701 Kirby Drive Suite 840,					

Houston, TX 77098





We are hard-working and aggressive results-oriented plaintiff's trial lawyers representing injured individuals and businesses. We primarily handle personal injury, offshore, trucking,&nbsp...



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			












Personal Injury Attorney



Lawrence Law Firm, PLLC





723 Main St #700,					

Houston, TX 77002





Houston attorney providing Harris and Fort Bend residents with aggressive representation in criminal defense, family law, and personal injury law matters.



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			












Workers Compensation and Malpractice Attorney



Doyle LLP Trial Lawyers





2402 Dunlavy St Suite 200,					

Houston, TX 77006





Doyle LLP Trial Lawyers specialize in: Houston Maritime, Offshore Injury, Jones Act, Oilfield injury, Workers Compensation and Malpractice. We represent insureds and policyholders against domestic&nbsp...



 8 pictures
			

 8 pictures
			












Leading Personal Injury Attorneys



The Doan Law Firm





1 Riverway, Suite 2325,					

Houston, TX 77056





The Doan Law Firm, P.C. is a personal injury law firm serving their clients 24/7. The firm has handled various cases including those who have suffered from serious injuries in a truck, car or motorcycle accident. Call now and fight for the compensation you deserve!



 2 pictures
			

 2 pictures
			












Top-ranked Attorneys for Personal Injury



The Bonner Law Firm, PC - Auto Injury, Truck & Motorcycle Accident Lawyer





4820 Old Spanish Trail,					

Houston, TX 77021





The Bonner Law Firm, PC is a personal injury attorney providing lawyers and associates who are equipped with the knowledge and the experience to counsel and represent you in your next injury case. The firm has worked through a multitude of different types of disputes with vigor!



 3 pictures
			

 3 pictures
			












Seasoned Personal Injury Lawyers



Charles J. Argento & Associates





1111 North Loop West, Suite 715,					

Houston, TX 77008





You can trust Charles J. Argento & Associates to defend you and protect your rights, as you suffer a personal injury caused by an accident at work or by another person. They have a solid reputation, with more than 25 years of successful experience!



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			












Professional Attorneys for Personal Injury



Mukerji Law Firm





2405 Smith St.,					

Houston, TX 77006





Nielsen & Mukerji, LLP of Houston, TX represent children who have been catastrophically injured. They offer free consultations, and charge no attorney fees unless they recover. The attorneys specialize in inflatable structure injuries, bus accidents, daycare injuries, pool injuries, and more!



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			












Personal Injury Lawyer



Kurt Arbuckle, P.C.





2121 Sage Rd., Suite 100,					

Houston, TX 77056





Have you suffered a personal injury at work or by someone? Kurt Arbuckle, P.C. will make sure that you get the justice you deserve. With over 40 years of experience, you can be sure you're in good hands with Atty. Arbuckle.



 3 pictures
			

 3 pictures
			












Foremost Personal Injury Attorneys



Tad nelson law firm





1221 Studewood St,					

Houston, TX 77008





You deserve compensation from your accident! Call the best attorneys in Tad nelson law firm. They are available every weekdays, serving all residential and commercial clients in the most professional and expert way. Entrust your case to the most proficient personal injury attorneys, and call now!



 2 pictures
			

 2 pictures
			












Personal Injury Professional



Scott M. Brown & Associates Attorneys-at-Law





6161 Savoy Dr,					

Houston, TX 77036





Do you need a personal injury lawyer to help you with your case? Scott M. Brown & Associates Attorneys-at-Law is the right one for the job! They are committed to protecting your rights and interests so that you get the compensation you deserve.



 4 pictures
			

 4 pictures
			












Most trusted Personal Injury Firm



Truck Accident Lawyer





6711 Cypress Creek Parkway,					

Houston, TX 77069





Greg Baumgartner is the premier personal injury attorney in the Truck Accident Lawyer! Greg helps the victims of a big rig or 18-wheeler accidents seeking for full and fair compensation. Whatever injury you may have, call him now and claim your free consultation!



 4 pictures
			

 4 pictures
			












Personal Injury Attorney for Hire



The Voor Law Firm





14210 Highway 3,					

Webster, TX 77598





Personal injury suffered at work or caused by someone is no laughing matter. Get The Voor Law Firm to work on the case, and you will surely receive the compensation you deserve. For consultations and rates, call them today.



 1 picture
			

 1 picture
			





							
																																			
											  				  			  
	  	 	    
	  	 	    	  	 	    Last modified: Dec 22, 2016

 

 
 
 










Fixr.com provides cost guides, comparisons, and term cheatsheets for hundreds of remodeling, installation and repair projects.


About us
Press
Log in
Contact
					Phone: (866) 953-5377











About Fixr
Log in
Blog
Contact Us



© 2017 Fixr, all rights reserved. By using Fixr you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy







需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017























Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.  in TX

 






















Sign in







Find the best local pros
See honest referrals, shared on social networks



I need:


in:






Search

 



Tell us what you need. We'll do the rest.





							Lawyer						

							Personal Injury Lawyer						



				Go
			






















Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. 











Steven Holt	               


	                  	                   		(713) 888-9000	                  	               
 1 Riverway #1700, TX 77056 (map) 








www.scottcallahan.com/ 



Lawyer, 
Personal Injury Lawyer










	               	 	Recommendations & Reviews
	               	 



Facebook
0



WhoDoYou
0



Twitter
0



Yahoo
0



	                  	Overall Rating
	                  
     





About us

		          	Whether you were hurt by a distracted driver or lost a loved one due to a dangerous product, we can help you. At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C., we represent people and their families in wrongful death and serious injury cases. We understand that every case is different and every client is unique. We pride ourselves on maintaining a personal connection with every client we represent. We also understand the emotional and financial burdens that accidents, injuries, and unexpected deaths can have on victims and their families. When you choose Scott Callahan to handle your case, you get an experienced Texas board-certified personal injury trial lawyer who will fight for justice. You can count on us to provide the personal attention you deserve and the aggressive, professional, and ethical representation you need.		          




		            	Contact me
		            

		            Save		            


















Get Directions »	         




         Review this provider »         


Share »         
Issues with this profile?














Business?


Create a profile




Be the first to review this provider.
















Business?


Create a profile




Similar Providers



		Eddrea Trashawnda Mcknight



		Downey Christopher



		Rick Stevens



		Sullo & Sullo Attorneys



		Garrido Law Firm




Nearby Cities


West University Place, TX (5 mi)


Bellaire, TX (7 mi)


Hilshire Village, TX (8 mi)


Hunters Creek Village, TX (8 mi)


Jacinto City, TX (9 mi)





 



New Review





Business Name                 *








                Contact info                 *









 and/or 









                Service categories                 
 *




Lawyerx


Personal Injury Attorneyx









                Service was delivered in                 *







                Bottom line rating
                 *



     




Quality


      



Value


      



Service


      







                Review                 *








Post this review to my wall
 


Submit Review 











Please wait....


Please wait...






Reset your password
What's your email address?

Please provide valid email

Submit





 




Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, PC - 简介 | Facebook







Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介点评照片视频帖子社群创建主页简介编辑建议商家位置23501 Cinco Ranch Blvd, Ste B240Katy, Texas查询路线@lawofficeofscottpcallahan发消息呼叫 +1 713-888-9000使命The Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. is a personal injury trial law firm. Our firm is devoted to representing victims and their families in wrongful death ...and serious personal injury cases. We vigorously protect the rights of our clients and we understand the emotional and financial difficulties facing families affected by personal injury, disability, and wrongful death. Each client receives personal attention and the legal representation for each case is aggressive, yet professional and ethical. Mr. Callahan is a Houston attorney that has received national recognition for successfully taking on some of the largest corporations on behalf of his clients.  Mr. Callahan is Board Certified in Personal Injury Trial Law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization. Mr. Callahan is also a graduate of the prestigious Trial Lawyers College founded by Gerry Spence. Only a very select few lawyers nationwide are admitted to attend Trial Lawyers College each year.  The Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. represents clients on a contingency basis. This means that there is no fee unless we are able to obtain compensation for you. 展开其他联系方式scott@scottcallahan.comhttp://www.ScottCallahan.com更多信息简介Board Certified Personal Injury Trial Lawyer获奖Named as Texas Super Lawyer (2014, 2013, 2012)  Named as Texas Super Lawyer - Rising Star (2011)...  South Texas College of Law (J.D., December 1997) Law Review, Assistant Editor American Jurisprudence Awards (highest class grade) in Admiralty and Environmental Law  University of Texas at Arlington (B.A. 1993)  Southern Methodist University, 1989-1991 (Division I Men's Soccer Team)  Two-time Ironman Triathlon finisher 展开商品Personal Injury Wrongful Death Business Litigationcategories律师与律师事务所商家故事Scott Callahan represents Plaintiffs in catastrophic personal injury and wrongful death cases. He is board certified in Personal Injury Trial Law by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization. He was named as a Texas Super Lawyer in 2014, 2013, 2012, and a Texas Super Lawyer – Rising Star in 2011. Mr. Callahan has successfully tried cases in state and federal courts in Texas and outside of Texas.  Mr.... Callahan is admitted to practice before all Texas State Courts and the United States District Courts for the Northern, Southern, Eastern, and Western Districts of Texas. He has also been admitted pro hac vice in several other states.  Mr. Callahan served on the Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee for Federal Multi-District Litigation, MDL Docket No. 1804; In Re: Stand ‘N Seal Products Liability Litigation; In the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division. Mr. Callahan co-counseled the vast majority of clients in this product liability MDL, he was instrumental in the nationwide recall of this consumer product, and he co-counseled the first case tried nationwide resulting in a verdict for the Plaintiff.  Mr. Callahan is a graduate of the prestigious Trial Lawyers College founded by Gerry Spence. Only a very select few lawyers nationwide are admitted to attend Trial Lawyers College each year. He is a member of the Multi-Million Dollar Advocates Forum, membership of which is limited to attorneys who have won million and multi-million dollar verdicts and settlements. He is also a member of the American Association for Justice, Texas Trial Lawyers Association, and the Houston Trial Lawyers Association. He has served on the Board of Directors and the Advocates Board of Directors for the Texas Trial Lawyers Association. Mr. Callahan has been recognized for his legal work on television news programs such as the CBS Early Show and in publications such as the Atlanta Business Chronicle and Texas Lawyer.  He can be reached at scott@scottcallahan.com or (713) 888-9000. His firm's web site is www.scottcallahan.com  展开地点Katy, TexasLaw Office of Scott P. Callahan, PC简介中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017










Law Office of Scott P Callahan P C | smartguy.com 






























Login
Sign Up























Home
City Networks
SmartGuySaver
Categories
Statistics
Articles
Resources
Faqs













Law Office of Scott P Callahan P C















































Twitter
Google Plus
Facebook




Law Office of Scott P Cal
Others


Main Contact:

                                                    	713-888-9000
                                                	

Address:

                                                    	Houston,TX,77056,United States Houston Street  Fort Worth  TX 77056
                                                	

Primary Contact:
Contact Member Now!


Phone:

                                                    	713-888-9000
                                                	

Website:
www.scottcallahan.com/


Email:
Click Here to send us an Email


SG Message:
Send System Instant Message


Structure:

                                                    	Sole Proprietor
                                                	

Willing to Barter:

                                                    	Yes

                                                	









About Company
Whether you were hurt by a distracted driver or lost a loved one due to a dangerous product, we can help you. At the Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C., we represent people and their families in wrongful death and serious injury cases. We understand that every case is different and every client is unique. We pride ourselves on maintaining a personal connection with every client we represent. We also understand the emotional and financial burdens that accidents, injuries, and unexpected deaths can have on victims and their families. When you choose Scott Callahan to handle your case, you get an experienced Texas board-certified personal injury trial lawyer who will fight for justice. You can count on us to provide the personal attention you deserve and the aggressive, professional, and ethical representation you need. n
Report a Problem









Recent Company Reviews




Your Review:

























































Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. - Houston, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Houston



                            Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.
                                    



 





















L 


Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 RIVERWAY #1700 HOUSTON, TX 77056
Get Directions



(713) 888-9000





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries --
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







L

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 Top Rated Katy, TX Personal Injury Attorney | Scott Callahan | Super Lawyers          Super Lawyers → Lawyer Directory → Personal Injury Attorneys → Texas → Katy → Scott P. Callahan   Share:       Scott P. Callahan            Attorney Profile Top Rated Personal Injury Attorney in Katy, TX   Law Office of Scott P. Callahan, P.C. | 23501 Cinco Ranch Boulevard, Suite B240, Katy, TX 77494  Visit:  www.scottcallahan.com Phone:  713-888-9000  Email: Scott P. Callahan          Selected to Super Lawyers:  2012 - 2017Selected to Rising Stars:  2011   Licensed Since:  1998   Education:  South Texas College of Law       Practice Areas:  Personal Injury - General: Plaintiff (70%), Personal Injury - Products: Plaintiff (30%)     Update This Page       About Scott CallahanAdmitted: 1998, TexasProfessional Webpage: www.scottcallahan.comHonors and Awards:Gerry Spence's Trial Lawyers College Graduate - Dubois, WyomingSpecial Licenses/Certifications:Board Certified Personal Injury Trial Law - Texas Board of Legal Specialization  Bar/Professional Activity:Texas Trial Lawyers Association; American Association for Justice; Houston Trial Lawyers AssociationMember of Plaintiffs' Steering Committee for MDL No. 1804; In Re: Stand 'N Seal Product Liability Litigation; In the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division.Scholarly Lectures and Writings:The Statutory Employee Doctrine in Trucking Cases, Texas Trial Lawyers Association, Advanced Personal Injury Course. May 2003. Authors: Scott P. Callahan and Darrin Walker.Shop Until You're Dropped; Falling Merchandise Litigation Against Warehouse Superstores, The International Council of Shopping Centers Retail Law Strategist, Volume 2, Issue 6, June 2002. Author: Scott P. Callahan.Liability in Employer-Mandated Drug Testing--Drug Laboratories Have No Duty to Warn Employees that Ingestion of Certain Substances Could Cause False Positive Test Results, SmithKline Beecham Corp. v. Doe, 903 S.W.2d 347 (Tex. 1995), 38 S. TEX. L. REV. 823 (1997). Author: Scott P. Callahan.Attorney's Fees Under Section 28 of the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act, 33 U.S.C. §928 (1986). Authors: Scott P. Callahan and G. David Oppermann, IVParenthood in Nontraditional Relationships, In re the Custody of H.S.H.-K., 533 N.W.2d 419 (Wis. 1995). Author: Scott P. Callahan.Verdicts and Settlements:Co-counseled jury verdict for $1.6 million in the first trial in the nation against the manufacturers of the recalled product Stand 'n Seal.  Superior Court of Arizona, Maricopa County., 2009Confidential 8 figure settlements in product liability MDL.  Office Location for Scott P. Callahan23501 Cinco Ranch Boulevard, Suite B240Katy, TX 77494       Scott P. Callahan:   Download Badge    Update Profile    Order Online    Last Updated: 5/12/2017     Share:       Page Generated: 0.222580909729 sec  Top Attorneys in Texas | Super Lawyers          Super Lawyers → Lawyer Directory → Texas   Find Super Lawyers rated attorneys in Texas  Select a city below to find Super Lawyers rated attorneys in your area.  AbileneAddisonAledoAliceAllenAlvinAmarilloAngletonArgyleArlingtonAthensAustinBastropBaytownBeaumontBedfordBeevilleBellaireBen WheelerBenbrookBig SpringBoerneBookerBrazoriaBrenhamBridgeportBrownsvilleBrownwoodBryanBulverdeBurkburnettBurlesonBurnetCameronCarrolltonCarthageCedar CreekCedar HillCedar ParkCelinaCenterChannelviewCleburneColdspringCollege StationColleyvilleConroeCoppellCorpus ChristiCorsicanaCueroCypressDaingerfieldDallasDecaturDeer ParkDel RioDenisonDentonDripping SpringsDumasEagle PassEdinburgEl PasoFairviewFarmers BranchFlower MoundForneyFort WorthFranklinFriendswoodFriscoGainesvilleGalvestonGarlandGeorgetownGilmerGladewaterGrafordGrahamGranburyGrand PrairieGrapevineGreenvilleGroesbeckHallettsvilleHarker HeightsHarlingenHarwoodHelotesHendersonHenriettaHighlandsHolly Lake RanchHoustonHumbleHuntHuntsvilleHurstIrvingJasperJohnson CityJourdantonKarnes CityKatyKemahKerrvilleKilleenKingwoodLa GrangeLa VerniaLake JacksonLampasasLaredoLas ColinasLeague CityLeggettLewisvilleLibertyLivingstonLockhartLongviewLubbockLufkinMadisonvilleMagnoliaMansfieldMarble FallsMarshallMatadorMcAllenMcGregorMcKinneyMeridianMesquiteMidlandMidlothianMissionMissouri CityMount PleasantMount VernonMurphyNacogdochesNavasotaNederlandNew BostonNew BraunfelsNew UlmNorth Richland HillsOdessaOrangePalestinePanhandlePantegoPasadenaPearlandPlanoPort AransasPort ArthurPorterPortlandQuitmanRed OakRefugioRhomeRichardsonRichmondRio Grande CityRoanokeRockportRockwallRound RockRowlettSan AngeloSan AntonioSan BenitoSan DiegoSan MarcosSan SabaSangerSeguinShermanSilsbeeSouthlakeSpringStaffordStephenvilleSugar LandSulphur SpringsSunnyvaleTaylorTeagueTempleTerrellTexarkanaTexas CityThe WoodlandsThree RiversTomballTylerUvaldeVictoriaVon OrmyWacoWashingtonWaxahachieWeatherfordWebsterWeslacoWest Lake HillsWhartonWichita FallsWimberleyWylie     Texas Super Lawyers rated attorneys Looking For A Top Attorney In Texas?Super Lawyers directory is an index of attorneys who exhibit excellence in the practice of law. You can browse attorney listings covering everything from personal injury to family law to business litigation. When you come across individuals who stand out to you, simply explore their profiles. Attorney profiles include biographical information, education and training, and contact information to help you decide which lawyer to hire. We even show you where to find their firm web sites and personal biographies. When you have come to a decision, simply use the contact form on the profiles to connect with a Texas attorney for legal advice.             Page Generated: 0.096276998519897 sec  Top Attorneys in Texas | Super Lawyers          Super Lawyers → Lawyer Directory → Texas   Find Super Lawyers rated attorneys in Texas  Select a city below to find Super Lawyers rated attorneys in your area.  AbileneAddisonAledoAliceAllenAlvinAmarilloAngletonArgyleArlingtonAthensAustinBastropBaytownBeaumontBedfordBeevilleBellaireBen WheelerBenbrookBig SpringBoerneBookerBrazoriaBrenhamBridgeportBrownsvilleBrownwoodBryanBulverdeBurkburnettBurlesonBurnetCameronCarrolltonCarthageCedar CreekCedar HillCedar ParkCelinaCenterChannelviewCleburneColdspringCollege StationColleyvilleConroeCoppellCorpus ChristiCorsicanaCueroCypressDaingerfieldDallasDecaturDeer ParkDel RioDenisonDentonDripping SpringsDumasEagle PassEdinburgEl PasoFairviewFarmers BranchFlower MoundForneyFort WorthFranklinFriendswoodFriscoGainesvilleGalvestonGarlandGeorgetownGilmerGladewaterGrafordGrahamGranburyGrand PrairieGrapevineGreenvilleGroesbeckHallettsvilleHarker HeightsHarlingenHarwoodHelotesHendersonHenriettaHighlandsHolly Lake RanchHoustonHumbleHuntHuntsvilleHurstIrvingJasperJohnson CityJourdantonKarnes CityKatyKemahKerrvilleKilleenKingwoodLa GrangeLa VerniaLake JacksonLampasasLaredoLas ColinasLeague CityLeggettLewisvilleLibertyLivingstonLockhartLongviewLubbockLufkinMadisonvilleMagnoliaMansfieldMarble FallsMarshallMatadorMcAllenMcGregorMcKinneyMeridianMesquiteMidlandMidlothianMissionMissouri CityMount PleasantMount VernonMurphyNacogdochesNavasotaNederlandNew BostonNew BraunfelsNew UlmNorth Richland HillsOdessaOrangePalestinePanhandlePantegoPasadenaPearlandPlanoPort AransasPort ArthurPorterPortlandQuitmanRed OakRefugioRhomeRichardsonRichmondRio Grande CityRoanokeRockportRockwallRound RockRowlettSan AngeloSan AntonioSan BenitoSan DiegoSan MarcosSan SabaSangerSeguinShermanSilsbeeSouthlakeSpringStaffordStephenvilleSugar LandSulphur SpringsSunnyvaleTaylorTeagueTempleTerrellTexarkanaTexas CityThe WoodlandsThree RiversTomballTylerUvaldeVictoriaVon OrmyWacoWashingtonWaxahachieWeatherfordWebsterWeslacoWest Lake HillsWhartonWichita FallsWimberleyWylie     Texas Super Lawyers rated attorneys Looking For A Top Attorney In Texas?Super Lawyers directory is an index of attorneys who exhibit excellence in the practice of law. You can browse attorney listings covering everything from personal injury to family law to business litigation. When you come across individuals who stand out to you, simply explore their profiles. Attorney profiles include biographical information, education and training, and contact information to help you decide which lawyer to hire. We even show you where to find their firm web sites and personal biographies. When you have come to a decision, simply use the contact form on the profiles to connect with a Texas attorney for legal advice.             Page Generated: 0.096276998519897 sec 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE









