






Camelot Portfolios



































































Camelot Portfolios is an advisor solutions company...built by advisors, for advisors.Today’s environment requires Advisors to have a team of specialists to support their clients at the highest level.  Camelot Portfolios provides Investment Management, Wealth Planning and Consulting services, providing Independent Advisors a single point of contact for support and solutions.  This website is specifically designed for Advisors that desire access to Camelot Portfolios' Separately Managed Accounts (SMAs), Wealth Planning, or Consulting Services. Click the appropriate link below to explore one of our other companies.



























































Camelot Portfolios — Secure



























Welcome to Camelot's Resource Center Login.Access our Strategies, Results, Articles, Talking Points, Cash Flow Updates, and download necessary Camelot Applications/Forms.Please contact our office if you have not yet secured login credentials.

























Estate — Camelot Portfolios


















































Estate Reviews







The Camelot Team has an on-staff estate planning attorney to help align your client's investment portfolio with their estate desires. By acting as a third party intermediary, rather than the professional drafting documents,  our Estate Planner can offer unbiased advice for times when gaps arise between a client's existing estate plan and their desired outcomes.Clients and Advisors are able to rely on this resource at no additional expense - just one example of our commitment to comprehensive planning.





























Laura Noble — Camelot Portfolios




































Estate & Wealth consultant


Laura Noble Walker, JD

PROFESSIONAL //  Laura joined the Camelot team in the fall of 2010.  She has more than fifteen years of experience within the financial services industry, counseling financial advisors and their clients in wealth preservation and wealth transfer strategies.  Laura has been in practice as an estate planning attorney and also served as the Director of Planned Giving for two non-profit organizations counseling donors on charitable gift planning.  Laura received her J.D. from The University of Toledo, College of Law and her B.A. from Bowling Green State University.Laura’s vision is to strengthen families, generation to generation, by creating opportunities for them and their advisors to engage in values-based planning which places emphasis on faith, family, stewardship and philanthropy.PASSION // Faith.  Laura is committed to growing deeper in her faith.  She loves to hear and share what God is doing in the lives of others, as well as, serving within organizations and ministries that are impacting lives for Christ.  Laura serves on the Boards of Proclaim FM, Foundation for Life Northwest Ohio, National Christian Foundation Ohio and Ashland Theological Seminary Advisory Committee.  She is also an active member of Kingdom Advisors. PERSONAL // Laura enjoys being outdoors, she especially enjoys being near the water and a beautiful sunrise.  Laura cherishes the “gift of time” with family and friends and feels she is tremendously blessed by the relationships in her life.

Laura's Publications






















People — Camelot Portfolios





























































































































































































































































Ryan Zeeb — Camelot Portfolios




































Director of Strategic Development


Ryan Zeeb 

PROFESSIONAL //  For more than 10 years Ryan Zeeb has consulted with affluent families, individuals and professionals on three continents.  Ryan has experience in wealth transfer, risk management, financial and estate planning, heir preparation and investment management.  His previous clients include entrepreneurs, family businesses, professional athletes, beneficiaries and executives.Mr. Zeeb is a sought after speaker and executive coach on the topics of Heritage Planning, Building Professional Collaborative Teams, Professional Practice Development, Business Growth and Exit Strategies.Prior to joining Camelot Portfolios, LLC, Ryan Zeeb was President of The Heritage Institute.  Mr. Zeeb has helped to position The Heritage Institute as the premiere leader in the wealth consulting and wealth transfer industry.  As President, Ryan led the creation of the Certified Wealth Consultant professional designation. Mr. Zeeb trained and consulted with over 400 top wealth professionals from around the world.  In this effort, Ryan built strategic relationships with some of the top institutions in banking, asset management, estate planning, financial planning, executive coaching, non-profit, and marriage and family counseling.PASSION //  Ryan most enjoys coaching families, athletes and professionals to accomplish or exceed their desired outcomes while working in a team environment. PERSONAL // Ryan graduated with his B.A. in Business Administration from Taylor University where he played baseball and later served as an Assistant Baseball Coach.  He enjoys spending time with his three children, outdoor activities and is active in his local church.

Ryan's Publications






















Philanthropy — Camelot Portfolios


















































Charitable/Planned GivingOperating in an industry where success is regularly measured by accumulation of wealth can distract us from what truly matters. We believe that generosity should be a regular and intentional part of an investors journey. We are all called to be generous givers, and our experience is that there is great joy to be had from holding money with an open hand.  By offering investment solutions and expertise that allow investors to leverage their wealth for generosity, we aim to give all clients the opportunity to experience the joy that comes from being a generous giver.







We are also committed to leading by example when it comes to generosity. We encourage employees to give personally by offering a gift matching program, we direct a portion of our profits to non-profits that we support, and we encourage staff to donate their time and talent through local volunteer opportunities.Our team consists of multiple team members with backgrounds in charitable planning, non-profit development and estate planning to help both clients and Advisors leverage assets for charitable purposes.PHILANTHROPY programAccording to The 2014 U.S. Trust Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 98.4% of high net worth households gave to charity in 2013. Sadly, of these generous givers, less than half (47%) of high net worth individuals thought that their professional Advisor was good at discussing their personal and charitable goals.In an effort to simplify the giving conversation for our clients we have incorporated the Camelot Philanthropy Program into our application process. This is a voluntary fee that clients may add to their account, 100% of which is directed to one of our mission-aligned non-profits. Our hope is that this is natural conversation starter for an even deeper conversation about generosity.Charitable Pooled TrustThe Charitable Pooled Trust (CPT), also known as a Pooled Income Fund, is one of the most beneficial charitable tools for clients that need income from their investments, but also have a desire to pursue charitable aspirations. The CPT is akin to a Charitable Remainder Trust in many ways, but can result in an immediate tax deduction that is 3X greater than that of a CRT.Click Here to learn more about Camelot's Charitable Pooled Trust.




























Disclosures — Camelot Portfolios















































 DisclosureCAMELOT PORTFOLIOS LLC WEBSITE “LEGAL DISCLOSURE”Camelot Portfolios LLC, and its affiliated investment advisers Camelot Advisors LLC and Camelot Funds LLC  (“Camelot”) is located in Ohio. Camelot and its representatives are in compliance with the current registration requirements of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and those states in which Camelot maintains clients. Registration as an investment adviser is not indicative of any level of skill or training.  Camelot’s website is limited to the dissemination of general information pertaining to its investment advisory services. Accordingly, the publication of the Camelot website on the internet should not be construed by any consumer and/or prospective client as Camelot’s solicitation to effect, or attempt to effect transactions in securities, or the rendering of personalized investment advice for compensation, over the internet. Any subsequent, direct communication by Camelot with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative that is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides. A copy of Camelot’s current written disclosure statements discussing Camelot’s business operations, services, and fees is available from Camelot upon request. Camelot does not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy, timeliness, suitability, completeness, or relevance of any information prepared by any unaffiliated third party, whether linked to Camelot’s website or incorporated herein, and takes no responsibility thereof. All such information is provided solely for convenience purposes only and all users thereof should be guided accordingly.Past performance may not be indicative of future results. Therefore, no current or prospective client should assume that future performance of any specific investment, investment strategy (including the investments and/or investment strategies recommended by Camelot) or product made reference to directly or indirectly by Camelot in its website, or indirectly via a link to an unaffiliated third party website, will be profitable or equal the corresponding indicated performance level(s). Different types of investments involve varying degrees of risk, and there can be no assurance that any specific investment will either be suitable or profitable for a client or prospective client’s investment portfolio. Historical performance results for investment indices and/or custodial charges, the deduction of an investment management fee, nor the impact of taxes, the incurrence of which would have the effect of decreasing historical performance results.Certain portions of Camelot’s website (i.e., newsletters, articles, commentaries, etc.) may contain a discussion of, and/or provide access to, Camelot’s (and those of other investment and non-investment professionals) positions and/or recommendations as of a specific prior date. Due to various factors, including changing market conditions, such discussion may no longer be reflective of current position(s) and/or recommendations(s). Moreover, no client or prospective client should assume that any such discussion serves as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized advice from Camelot, or from any other investment professional. Camelot is neither an attorney nor accountant, and no portion of the website content should be interpreted as legal, accounting or tax advice. Correspondingly, each client and prospective client agrees, as a condition precedent to his/her/its access to Camelot’s website, to release and hold harmless Camelot, its officers, directors, employees and agents from any and all adverse consequences resulting from any of his/her/its actions and/or omissions which are independent of his/her/its receipt of personalized individual advice from Camelot.To the extent that any client or prospective client utilizes any economic calculator or similar device contained within or linked to Camelot’s website, the client and/or prospective client is advised that the information resulting from the use of any such calculator/device, is not, and should not be construed, in any manner whatsoever, as the receipt of, or a substitute for, personalized individual advice from Camelot, or from any other investment professional.Whoever wants to become great among you must be your servant - Matthew 20:26©2016 Camelot, LLC  |  A188 























Camelot Portfolios LLC                                                                                                   - Maumee                                            , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Maumee



Management Consulting Services



Financial Consultant



                            Camelot Portfolios LLC
                                    



 





















C 


Camelot Portfolios LLC                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1700 WOODLANDS DR STE 100 MAUMEE, OH 43537
Get Directions



(419) 794-0538
www.camelotportfolios.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $505,056.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Financial Consultant
 Contacts Darren Munn                                                                                                             







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010, Camelot Portfolios Llc                                                                                                   has been providing Financial Consultant from Maumee. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Camelot Portfolios Llc in Maumee, OH 43537 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Ohio
» Maumee
» Portfolio Management & Investment Services
» Camelot Portfolios Llc













Camelot Portfolios Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1700 Woodlands Dr 100 Ste Maumee, Ohio 43537


(419) 794-0538


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Camelot Portfolios Llc is located at the address 1700 Woodlands Dr in Maumee, Ohio 43537.  They can be contacted via phone at (419) 794-0538 for pricing, hours and directions.  Camelot Portfolios Llc provides Retirement Services, Investment Planning, Commercial Services to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Camelot Portfolios Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Camelot Portfolios Llc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Mortgages
, Business Continuation Plans
, IRAs
, Certificates Of Deposit
, Combination Policies
, Tax Free Investments
, Rollover Plans
, Bonds
, Self-Employed Policies
, Mutual Funds



SERVICES


Rollovers
, Retirement Services
, Financial Services
, Retirement Planning
, Commercial Services
, Estate Planning
, Income Planning
, Financial Management
, Investment Planning
, Consultations



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (419) 794-0538
CATEGORIES:


Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Green Street Capital Corp


311 Cass St  Maumee, Ohio 43537





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM












Camelot Portfolios LLC 1700 Woodlands Dr Maumee, OH Financial Advisory Services - MapQuest







































































































    Camelot Portfolios LLC
  

1700 Woodlands Dr

Maumee
OH
43537




 Reviews



(419) 794-0538
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help


























Camelot Portfolios LLC - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Camelot Portfolios LLC



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Paths
Holdings & Top Positions



Camelot Portfolios LLC



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2008




Headquarters


1700 Woodlands Drive, Suite 100, Maumee, OH 43537-4066




Employees (Worldwide)


22




Industries


Investment Services & Portfolio Management




Company Description


Camelot Portfolios employs time-tested investment philosophies that seek to separate investor emotions in order to capitalize on market opportunities. The firm relies on independent research and common sense to help investors to meet their long-term investment objectives in all market conditions. They allocate portfolios across multiple strategies to meet each client's unique long-term return goals, income needs, tax objectives and risk tolerance.Camelot Portfolios utilizes stocks, bonds, mutual funds, closed-end funds, ETFs, REITs, index funds and other publicly-traded securities in their portfolios. The firm's investment approach focuses on creating future cash flow streams that meet each client's objectives. In addition, they strive to maintain long-term real risk and medium-term volatility in line with the investor's profile. To select investments, Camelot Portfolios employs fundamental, technical and quantitative analysis. In general, the firm focuses on the use of fundamental analysis. They overlay technical and quantitative analysis more specifically in certain strategies and use this research to compliment all strategies.Camelot Portfolios' investment strategies are designed to create the appropriate portfolio balance for each client. The firm seeks to align the proper risk, tax and income parameters to meet each client's unique needs by focusing on future cash flow streams. Their investment approach is based on separating emotion from the investment process. The firm manages investments to maximize clients' future cash flow streams. Camelot Portfolios' Investment Cascade strategy focuses diversifying investments into areas that produce these cash flow streams. Investment decisions are based on the maximization of future cash flows. As cash cascades and builds over time, the firm strategically uses the cash to purchase investments with the highest future cash flow streams. Camelot Portfolios' investment process is designed with a long-term focus on consistent cash flow and the reduction of the effects volatility and market fluctuations have on a portfolio.Camelot Portfolios' investment strategies include: (1) Core Growth Allocation (2) Core Income Allocation (3) Non-Core Allocation Strategies (4) Core Growth Stock (5) Core Income Stock (6) Core Quantitative Stock (7) Non-Core Stock and (8) Private Portfolios.Camelot Portfolios' Core Growth Allocation strategies include: Premium Fund Management, Premium Fund Conservative, Premium ETF Growth and Biblically Responsible. Their Core Income Allocation strategies include Opportunities Income, Core Income, Premium Municipals, Opportunities Income Elite, Reserve Income and Camelot Premium Return. The firm's Non-Core Allocation strategies include Academic Alternatives and Hard Asset Cash Flow. Their Core Growth Stock strategies include: Premium Stock Growth, Premium Stock Moderate and Premium Stock Conservative. Camelot Portfolios' Core Income Stock Strategy is a premium stock dividend strategy. Their Core Quantitative Stock strategies include Freedom Formula and Freedom Elite. The firm's Non-Core Stock strategies include Managed Energy Income and Legends. Their Private Portfolio strategies are offered through private portfolio management and premium wealth services.Though not limited by sector, Camelot Portfolios tends to invest in the stocks of US companies in the finance, utilities, healthcare technology, communications and consumer services sectors. The firm invests across all market-caps.




Website


http://www.camelotportfolios.com






 In The News
          See more




Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)
April 4, 2017





                        Location, location, location ... Sold!                     





Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)
February 22, 2016





                        Jack Link's is bound for Mayo Clinic Square                     





PR Newswire
February 22, 2016





                        Jack Link's® Feeds The Wild Side Of Minneapolis With New Retail And Restaurant Experience                    





PR Newswire
August 20, 2015





                        Camelot Portfolios Offers Complimentary Transition Consulting To Curian Advisors                    





Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)
July 27, 2015





                        Local stadiums' naming rights yield cash, secrecy                     







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Darren Thaddaeus Munn

Co-Founder




Matthew E. Moses

President





Ashleigh Swayze

Chief Compliance Officer




Ryan Deane Zeeb

Director, Strategic Development





Sarah Jane Berndt

Portfolio Manager




Vicky Bratton

Administrative Assistant







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Camelot Portfolios LLC



                        Camelot Portfolios LLC                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Camelot Portfolios LLC






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Camelot Portfolios LLC.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Holdings & Top Positions






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
























 








Camelot Funds





























































Biblically Responsible Investing Solutions




What makes Camelot Funds distinct?



















Strategically Designed Funds






At Camelot Portfolios, we believe that all investing is done for the purpose of maximizing a future stream of cash flow relative to an investors exposure to risk. Seeking to provide repeatable, consistent income and the long-term compounding of capital are our twin, primary goals. As such, we place client assets in investments that we believe to be under-priced compared to their long-run value.  We believe that success of client portfolios should be measured relative to client goals, which are quantifiable and supported by current or future cash flow streams. In short, we aim to deliver the utility that money provides to investors at the time they need it.All of our funds are strategically designed using this fundamental belief as a starting point for a logical and quantifiable decision making process. This is the "How" of the Camelot Portfolios experience for investors.Investors with PurposeWe believe that investing creates opportunity, and with opportunity comes responsibility. As followers of Christ, this means a responsibility to seek wise stewardship decisions. Beyond striving to deliver prudent investment management for our investors; we aim to lead by example through generosity, biblically wise investment selection, and outcome focused planning to create an environment to that is conducive to good stewardship. This is the "Why" of the Camelot Portfolios experience for investors. 









 










      
        DOWNLOAD WHITE PAPER
      
    


Download Mutual Funds Perspective White Paper




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Phone *
Phone


                  (###)



                  ###



                  ####







CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD




 Want to learn more about Camelot Funds?





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Phone *
Phone


                  (###)



                  ###



                  ####



In addition to learning more about Camelot, I would like more information about: *
Select all that apply
 Camelot Premium Return Fund (CPRFX)
 Camelot Excalibur Small Cap Fund (CEXAX)
 Camelot White Papers
 Camelot Fact Sheets
 Please send me information on your upcoming webinar
 Other






Thank you!







Morningstar rates Mutual Funds from one to five stars based on how well they’ve performed (after adjusting for risk and accounting for all sales charges) in comparison to similar funds.  Within each Morningstar category, the Top 10% of the Funds receive five stars, the next 22.5% four stars, the middle 35% three stars, the next 22.5% two stars, and the bottom 10% receive one star.  Funds are rated for up to three time periods - three, five and ten years - and these ratings are combined to produce an overall rating.  Funds with less than three years of history are not rated.  Ratings are objective, based entirely on mathematical evaluation of past performance.  They’re a useful tool for identifying funds worthy of further research, but shouldn’t be considered buy or sell recommendations. Overall ratings represent a weighted average of specific time period (3 -, 5 - and 10 - year) ratings. 4 Star Overall Ranking. Ranked 5 Stars for the 5 year period out of 28 funds and 3 Stars for the 3 year period ending 12/31/2016.There is no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. Investment return and principal value fluctuate with changing market conditions so that when redeemed, shares may be worth more or less than their original cost.  Investing in the fund carries certain risks.  The Fund’s assets may be invested in the securities of a limited number of companies that could be in the same or related economic sectors. Therefore, the Fund’s portfolio may be more susceptible to any single economic, technological or regulatory occurrence than the portfolio of a diversified fund.There are risks associated with the sale and purchase of call and put options. As the seller (writer) of a covered call option, the Fund assumes the risk of a decline in the market price of the underlying security below the purchase price of the underlying security less the premium received, and gives up the opportunity for gain on the underlying security above the exercise option price.  The Fund intends to write (sell) options on a significant portion of its portfolio. The options will generally have terms of three to six months resulting in proceeds being reinvested several times during the year. This will result in a higher level of portfolio turnover.Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Camelot Funds. This and other important information about the Funds are contained in the prospectus, which can be obtained at www.camelotfunds.com or by calling 855-226-3863. The prospectus should be read carefully before investing. The Camelot Funds are distributed by Northern Lights Distributors, LLC member FINRA/SIPC. www.finra.org  www.sipc.org  


 


 


Copyright Camelot Portfolios, LLC 2017.  /  CF034  /  4128-NLD-1/26/2017  /  Mutual Fund Summaries



 













Camelot Portfolios, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 6:32 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Camelot Portfolios, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Camelot Portfolios, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, including high net worth individuals, and R.I.A.’s, and Registered Representatives. It also caters to pension and profit sharing plans, trust, estates, charitable organizations, corporations, and other business entities. The firm manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets. It also invests in exchange traded funds and derivative markets. The firm employs a combination of fundamental, technical, charting, cyclical, and quanti...
Camelot Portfolios, LLC is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, including high net worth individuals, and R.I.A.’s, and Registered Representatives. It also caters to pension and profit sharing plans, trust, estates, charitable organizations, corporations, and other business entities. The firm manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in public equity and fixed income markets. It also invests in exchange traded funds and derivative markets. The firm employs a combination of fundamental, technical, charting, cyclical, and quantitative analysis to make its investments. It uses external research to complement its in-house research. Camelot Portfolios, LLC was founded in 2008 and is based in Maumee, Ohio.
Detailed Description


1700 Woodlands DriveSuite 100Maumee, OH 43537United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 419-794-0538

Fax: 419-794-0539

camelotportfolios.com







Key Executives for Camelot Portfolios, LLC




Mr. Darren Thaddaeus Munn CFA


      	President and Lead Manager
      








Ms. Sarah Berndt


      	Chief Investment Strategist and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Stephen Lawrence Hanley


      	Chief Compliance Officer and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Jason Born CFA






Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Camelot Portfolios, LLC, please visit camelotportfolios.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user













Verify real user


























Verify real user














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














camelot portfolios - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Personalized Portfolio | PersonalizationMall.com



Ad
 ·
www.PersonalizationMall.com



Personalized Leather Portfolios For Graduation and Business Gifts!





Retirement Gifts



Legal Themed Gifts



Engraved Portfolios




Medical Themed Gifts



Personalized Office Mugs



Personalized Calendars





My Portfolios Dailyfinance - My Portfolios Dailyfinance



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​My Portfolios Dailyfinance



Find My Portfolios Dailyfinance and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Portfolio Sale - Portfolio on Sale Now!



Ad
 ·
Portfolios.hayneedle.com



Portfolio on Sale Now! Prices & Choice Not Found in Stores





Mens Briefcases



Bellino Briefcases



Attache Cases



Luggage Sets





Searches related tocamelot portfolios



camelot portfolios llc


camelot advisors llc


camelot investment advisors


camelot funds



camelot investments


excalibur investment group llc


camelot financial capital management ...


camelot advisors




Web Results

Camelot Portfolios

www.camelotportfolios.com


Camelot Portfolios is an advisor solutions company...built by advisors, for advisors. Today’s environment requires Advisors to have a team of specialists to support ...



Estate



Laura Noble



People



Ryan Zeeb



Philanthropy



Custodians



Investments — Camelot Portfolios

www.camelotportfolios.com/management


Camelot Portfolios provides Investment Management, Wealth Planning and Consulting services, providing our advisors a single point of contact for support and solutions.


Camelot Portfolios, LLC: Private Company Information ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Camelot Portfolios, LLC company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Camelot Portfolios, LLC Buys Ares Capital, Amgen, VF ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/camelot-portfolios-llc-buys-ares-capital...


Join the NASDAQ Community today ... Camelot Portfolios, LLC Buys Ares Capital, Amgen, VF, Sells American Capital, Apollo Education ... Camelot Portfolios, ...


Camelot Portfolios Trimmed Glaxosmithkline Plc (Gsk) (GSK ...

https://highpointobserver.com/camelot-portfolios-trimmed-glaxo...


Camelot Portfolios Llc decreased Glaxosmithkline Plc (Gsk) (GSK) stake by 31% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Camelot Portfolios Llc sold 9,283 shares as ...


Camelot Portfolios - Investment Advisor - Maumee, Ohio

investment-advisors.credio.com/l/28567


Find details on Camelot Portfolios in Maumee, Ohio. View assets, client details, advisory activities, registration status, disclosures and more.


Camelot Advisor

www.camelotadvisor.com


Camelot Advisor was created FOR OUR ADVISORS ... Camelot Portfolios is available to build portfolios as well as assist with other deliverables like estate design and ...


Camelot Funds

www.camelotfunds.com


At Camelot Portfolios, we believe that all investing is done for the purpose of maximizing a future stream of cash flow relative to an investors exposure to risk.


Camelot - Christian Investment Forum

https://christianinvestmentforum.org/about-us/members/camelot


Detailed Description page for Christian Investment Forum member firm Camelot Portfolios and their approach to faith based investing


Camelot Portfolios Has Raised By $318,325 Its Apollo ...

https://flintdaily.com/camelot-portfolios-has-raised-by-318325-its...


Independence Realty Trust, Inc. is an internally-managed real estate investment trust . The company has market cap of $707.15 million. The Firm is engaged in the ...










Personalized Portfolio | PersonalizationMall.com



Ad
 ·
www.PersonalizationMall.com



Personalized Leather Portfolios For Graduation and Business Gifts!





Retirement Gifts



Legal Themed Gifts



Engraved Portfolios




Medical Themed Gifts



Personalized Office Mugs



Personalized Calendars





My Portfolios Dailyfinance - My Portfolios Dailyfinance



Ad
 ·
reference.com/​My Portfolios Dailyfinance



Find My Portfolios Dailyfinance and Related Articles. Search Now!





Browse Education



Browse Finance




Browse Health



Browse Vehicles





Portfolio Sale - Portfolio on Sale Now!



Ad
 ·
Portfolios.hayneedle.com



Portfolio on Sale Now! Prices & Choice Not Found in Stores





Mens Briefcases



Bellino Briefcases



Attache Cases



Luggage Sets




Searches related tocamelot portfolios



camelot portfolios llc


camelot advisors llc


camelot investment advisors


camelot funds



camelot investments


excalibur investment group llc


camelot financial capital management ...


camelot advisors




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network











Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































LLC vs. Inc | Differences Between LLC & Inc  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




LLC vs. Corporation: What's the Difference?


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











You can think of these as two different company structures with very different tax requirements. Whichever way you choose to go, you're going to look more legit than the other guys. So just take a minute to consider your short-and long-term business goals to figure out which structure is best for you.
Advantages and Disadvantages
A limited liability company is a type of business structure that offers personal liability protections and a few tax advantages to boot. The "LL" in LLC is what protects your personal assets in the event of a judgment against your company. Corporations offer limited liability as well, so we're going to focus on the structural and taxation differences in the chart below.



Advantages of an LLC
Advantages of a Corporation




 No limit on the number of owners
 May issue shares of stock to attract investors


 Profit and loss are passed through to the owners' individual tax returns
 Corporate income splitting may help lower overall tax liability


 No annual meeting or minute book requirements
 






Disadvantages of an LLC
Disadvantages of a Corporation




 Cannot engage in corporate income splitting to lower tax liability
 C corp tax structure requires double taxation of corporate profits (s corp's does not)


 Cannot issue stock
 Must hold annual meetings and record minutes


 
 S corporations have restrictions on the number of owners



LLC or Corporation: Which One Is Right for Me?
Business goals aren't one size fits all, and neither is incorporating. When deciding which kind of corporation fits your business strategy, consider some of the differences that each kind offers. And take a deeper dive with our comprehensive comparison chart.
Find out which corporation is right for your business with our business wizard!
Learn More About Legal Business Structures
Regardless of which business structure you choose, incorporate.com can help you incorporate or form an LLC online or by phone in minutes.

Limited Liability Company (LLC) 
C Corporation 
S Corporation
Nonprofit Corporation
Professional Corporation 
Series LLC
Limited Partnership


Ready to Form Your Business?
get started





Let's get to it.

Incorporate in any state, starting as low as

$79

plus state fees

Get Started






Download a Free Business Formation Guide




First Name



Last Name



Email






Primary Phone






By entering your telephone number and clicking "Continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800-818-6082 to speak to someone who can help you. Your personal information will remain private.


















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING






































Incorporate Your Business Online  | incorporate.com










































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    





Click to call

                        






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                    






It's amazing what three letters can do.
Adding "Inc." or "LLC" to your business' name is more than a good look. It protects your personal assets, creates tax advantages, and much more.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started



									Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
								










Get Started
Form your business in a few simple steps. Choose the entity type for your company, conduct a business name search and start your new business today!


Stay on Track
Our Registered Agent Service is a lot like having a reliable employee dedicated to keeping your company compliant. You can count on us to monitor your company's status and ensure that you meet critical time-sensitive deadlines.


Rely on Us As You Grow
We're in the business to help your business grow. Our teams are well-versed in the needs of business owners and can help address common challenges throughout the lifecycle of your company.






Proud to be Featured in













Get the download on corporations, LLCs, and more.
download the free guide





Destination: Delaware  No matter where you're headquartered, incorporating in Delaware could be a great move for your balance sheet.
find out more








One,


two,


three,


incorporated.






Pick a business type.
Decide how you want to incorporate.



LLC 



The Perfect First Step. A great way to start out, protect your personal assets, and potentially grow if you aren't interested in offering stock. Get more information.
get incorporated





C Corporation 



Hello, Wall Street. In addition to personal asset protection, the C Corporation structure creates unlimited growth potential by allowing for the issue of any class of stock to any number of investors. Get more information.
get incorporated





S Corporation 



One Big Perk. Lots of Strings. This structure allows your company to become exempt from federal income taxes, but at the cost of additional rules and limitations. Get more information.
get incorporated





Nonprofit 



You Know Who You Are. When you're in business to do good, a nonprofit offers rock-solid personal asset protection, tax benefits, and more. Get more information.
get incorporated








get incorporated





Share some details.
Our application process is as simple and seamless as they come. Just give us the vital info about yourself and your business, and then our knowledgeable business experts will take it from there. And if you have any questions during the process, we're here day or night to talk it out.
get incorporated









Become official.
After handling all the filing and legwork, we'll let you know the instant your business is officially incorporated. Plus, our Registered Agents are available for the long haul, ready to help however they can.
get incorporated










•
•
•








Don't take it from us.






"Your company made it very easy for me to get an LLC and it saved me a lot of time and frustration."

Terri McLeanWoodbridge, VA 2014





"The process was very simple and the price was great!"

Marilyn FieldsMiddletown, NY 2014





"TCC has been the easiest and most complete service I've used. Great customer support and an amazing range of services offered at the best prices. Add to that the Compliance Watch service and it just can't be beat."

Ashton E. SmithFairfield, CT 2015



















Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING







×
Want a free Business Formation Guide?
















By entering your telephone number and clicking "Grab Your Free Guide," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.




Grab Your Free Guide













































Get Started in Any State  | incorporate.com




















































 Click to Complete by Phone



				CLOSE
				

















                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    












Select a State for Your New Business Entity
Select a State
Many businesses incorporate in their home states, but there are advantages to selecting other states.




Please Select
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




										Is your shipping address outside the U.S.? 
									



Continue





Choose the Type of Entity You'd Like to Form
Choose an Entity Type
LLC is the most popular entity type for small businesses, but it's not for everyone. We've provided descriptions of some common entity types to help you choose.










{{entity.type}}







{{ entity.type }}
{{ entity.description }}

 {{list}}

Frequently Asked Questions 


Packages starting at

${{entity.price | numberTwoDecimalsUnlessTrailingZeros}}
$

Plus State Fees

{{entity.discountCode}}
{{entity.intlDiscountCode}}

Select














								Need help selecting a state for your new business entity?
							

Choosing Your Home State
Why Delaware is the 'Best'



Top States to incorporate in



27% of customers select
										Delaware
									


12% of customers select
										California
									


10% of customers select
										Florida
									


6% of customers select
										New York
									


5% of customers select
										Nevada
									


5% of customers select
										Texas
									








 






        incorporate.com keeps my deadlines organized. The customer service is outstanding and those who have helped me have been nice, professional, and incredibly helpful. 
        
Susan C. – Washington, DC – 4/14/2015














 


The Corporate Veil Guarantee is not available to residents of North Carolina.
©2017 incorporate.com. All rights reserved. 
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice. 



Legal
Privacy










LOADING







×





Create









×




Along with picking the right entity type for your business, it's important to consider which state to incorporate in.
For most small business owners, the choice is simple: they incorporate in the state where their company is physically located, known as 'home state incorporation.' However, there are good reasons to consider forming your corporation or LLC in certain other states, including tax advantages, streamlined judicial processes, and easier business filing requirements.
For example, many business owners choose to incorporate in Delaware, which is a favored business jurisdiction for the previously mentioned and other reasons.

Delaware is widely considered to be one of the nation's most business-friendly jurisdictions. There are a number of reasons to incorporate your small business in Delaware, including:

Well-established and flexible business laws
Low franchise tax on small businesses
No tax on capital stock or assets
No state sales tax
A special business court (Court of Chancery) that minimizes the time and cost of commercial litigation
No residency requirement for shareholders, directors, and officers of a corporation or members or managers of an LLC























×
Just a few details and we'll get you started.

















By entering your telephone number and clicking "continue," you agree to let us follow up with you at this phone number regarding this and other services, or simply call us at 800.818.6082 to speak to someone who can help you.






Close


Continue














We just need a few details.
Is this the correct email address?

Thanks! Check your inbox for an email from incorporate.com. When you're ready to continue your order, simply click the link and it will be here waiting.





										Fill out the form below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									

										If you would like to change your email address, edit it below and click "save & send". Then check your inbox for an email with your quote details and a link to resume your order at a later time.
									















Please Select Country
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard And Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Republic of
Latvia
Lesotho
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova, Republic Of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent And The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre And Miquelon
Suriname
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turks And Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Zaire
Zambia












											By providing your telephone number(s) and clicking save and send, you expressly authorize incorporate.com to contact you at the telephone number(s) above, regarding any order(s) or to introduce marketing offers, using automated telephone dialing systems. You are not required to provide this consent in order to purchase goods or services.
										



Close
Save & Send





Close
start new order











































Starting a Business - Forming an LLC or Corporation  | incorporate.com

































































                        






    
    	877.583.4570
    
	


                    

                        






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                    




Starting a Business


Getting Started


Incorporate Now


Business Startup Wizard


Limited Liability Company(LLC)


S Corporation


C Corporation


Comparison Chart


Business Licenses


Employer ID Number (EIN)


Learn More


Benefits of Incorporating


Start-up Tasks


Corporation vs LLC


Bylaws & Operating Agreements


State Guides


eBooks


Business Coaching


Annual Report


Contact Us











Take that first step.
Starting a business can be scary, but knowing what you need to make it happen makes things easier.
Getting Started





Business Formation Wizard






Not Sure Whether Incorporating or Forming an LLC is Right for You? Want to find out what others in your industry are doing? Let our wizard help. More…







Business Entity Types






To get the most out of your small business, choose the right structure. Selecting the right type of company for your new business helps maximize your chances of financial and operational success. More…







Employer Identification Number (EIN)






Corporations, most LLCs, and all businesses with employees must have this IRS-issued identifier. Much like a Social Security Number, an Employer Identification Number (EIN) is a federal nine-digit number that identifies a business entity. More…







Business Licenses & Permits






Most state, county, and local governments require companies to have the right licenses and permits in place before they open their doors. More…







Name Reservations






A name reservation lets you hold a particular business name for later use and prevents other companies from registering that name without notice to you. Get a free corporate name check today. More…







Register a Business Name






Many state and local governments require companies to register any alternate names under which they conduct business. Registering a DBA name alerts the public that your business intends to use that name. More…







Registered Agent Service






Corporations and Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) are required by state law to have an address where they can receive important legal and tax documents during all business hours. The person or firm receiving these documents is known as the company's "Registered Agent." More…




Business Entities





Limited Liability Company (LLC)






An LLC is a great choice for businesses that want the liability protection of a corporation with less paperwork. More…







C Corporation






A C Corporation is the most common business entity. An ideal choice for businesses that want to attract investors. More…







S Corporation






An S Corporation is a great choice for small businesses that want to avoid double taxation on business profits. More…







Nonprofit Corporation






A Non Profit business structure is the right choice for scientific, religious, educational or charitable endeavors. More…







Professional Corporation






Some states allow Professional LLCs for licensed professionals, including doctors, accountants, lawyers, engineers, architects and realtors. More…







Series LLC






A Series LLCs permits multiple members, managers and business lines. Allowed in some states. More…







Limited Partnership






A Limited Partnership provides some protection from liability for certain partners. More…




No Dumb Questions
Get your questions answered and learn more about starting your business by calling 800.818.6082.












Let's get to it.



Where are you incorporating?
AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareDistrict of ColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming




How are you incorporating?
LLC
S Corporation
C Corporation
Non-Profit Corporation


get started














Learn
Startup Wizard
Incorporate 101
Forming an LLC
LLC vs. Corporation
Business Licenses
Business Coaching




About Us
Our Story
Contact
Site Map




Events & Programs
International
Webinars
Affiliate Program











incorporate-logo-white-tcc

















































No dumb questions.
          We know there's a lot to consider when incorporating. That's why our business experts are here to help from 





8 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET, Monday through Thursday, and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET, Friday. Call 
          
              
              
                  
                      






    
    	866.514.1346
    
	


                  

                      






    
    	800.818.6082
    
	


                  


contact us



























©  incorporate.com. All rights reserved. Privacy | Legal
incorporate.com is a service company and does not offer legal or financial advice.









LOADING

































camelot portfolios llc - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content





Your search for "camelot portfolios llc" returned no results.

















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network















Camelot Portfolios



































































Camelot Portfolios is an advisor solutions company...built by advisors, for advisors.Today’s environment requires Advisors to have a team of specialists to support their clients at the highest level.  Camelot Portfolios provides Investment Management, Wealth Planning and Consulting services, providing Independent Advisors a single point of contact for support and solutions.  This website is specifically designed for Advisors that desire access to Camelot Portfolios' Separately Managed Accounts (SMAs), Wealth Planning, or Consulting Services. Click the appropriate link below to explore one of our other companies.
































































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


