 






Campaign Supplies | VictoryStore.com



























































account icon



arrow-left-long icon



arrow-left icon



arrow-right-long icon



arrow-right icon



bag-outline icon



bag icon



cart-outline icon



cart icon



chevron-left icon



chevron-right icon



cross-circle icon



cross icon



expand-less-solid icon



expand-less icon



expand-more-solid icon



expand-more icon



facebook-square icon



facebook icon



google-plus icon



instagram icon



kickstarter icon



layout-collage icon



layout-columns icon



layout-grid icon



layout-list icon



link icon



Lock icon


mail icon



menu icon



minus-circle-outline icon



minus-circle icon



minus icon



payment-american_express icon



payment-cirrus icon



payment-diners_club icon



payment-discover icon



payment-google icon



payment-interac icon



payment-maestro icon



payment-master icon



payment-paypal icon



payment-stripe icon



payment-visa icon



pinterest-circle icon



pinterest icon



play-circle-fill icon



play-circle-outline icon



plus-circle-outline icon



plus-circle icon



plus icon



rss icon



search icon



Shopify logo


shopify icon



snapchat icon



trip-advisor icon



tumblr icon



twitter icon



vimeo icon



vine icon



yelp icon



youtube icon

















Search
      





Account
      
























Log in or Sign up




















Cart (0)









Recently Added
Quantity Breaks Applied At Checkout







0 Items


                Total 
                


                  $0.00
                  








Go to Checkout



The item you just added is unavailable. Please select another product or variant.















Recently Added

0 Items


              Total 
              


                $0.00
                







Go to Checkout



The item you just added is unavailable. Please select another product or variant.


























































Home
Collections  Campaign Supplies 




Search From |


All
11"x14" Signs
14"x22" Signs
16"x24" Bag Signs
16"x26" Bag Signs
20"x26" Bag Signs
20"x30" Bag Signs
22"x28" Signs
3'x6' Signs
4'x8' Signs
4x4 Signs
6"x12" Signs
6"x24" Vertical Signs
6"x6" Signs
6"x9" Signs
9"x12" Signs
9"x9" Signs
Accessories
Apparel
Auto Accessories
Balloons
Banners
Banners w/ 3
Broom Signs
Bumper Stickers & Auto Accessories
Bumper Stickers & Magnets
Buttons
Campaign - Political Yard Signs
Campaign Apparel
Campaign Banners
Campaign Fans
Campaign Packages
campaign placards
Campaign Rally Supplies
Campaign Stickers & Buttons
Campaign Supplies
Campaign Supplies > Postcards
Car Toppers
Christmas
Color and Side Options
Color Options
Company Golf Outing Supplies
Corrugated Plastic Signs
Custom Items
Custom Products
Donkey Signs
Door Knob Bags
Doorknob Hangers
DYO
Election Day Signs
Elephant Signs
Flyers & More
Foldable Signs
Gavel Signs
Graduation
Holidays
Lapel Stickers
Literature Bags
Magnetic Signs
Mesh Banners
Notepads
Oversized Banners
Palm Cards
Poly Bag Signs
Postcards
postcards flyers & more
Posterboard Signs
Realtor
Rectangle Stickers
Round Stickers
School Products
Sealed Posterboard Signs
Shaped Signs
Shopping Bags
Stakes w/ 5
Stickers
Union Campaign Yard Signs
Vinyl Banners
Yard Signs
Yard Signs & Banners












Reasons to purchase campaign supplies from Victory Store: 1) Our yard sign and campaign supply prices are among the lowest in the industry, 2) Our prices are not so low that quality and customer service suffer, 3) We have been in the yard sign business since 1999 and have shipped more than 10 million yard signs, 4) you can talk to someone on the phone if you need help, you don't have to order online, 5) we can provide union printed signs if you need them, 6) our company was founded by a person who has run hundreds of campaigns, he thinks like a candidate, not a printer, 7) We're located in Iowa...what's not to like!

















            3.5"x8.5" Doorknob Hanger - DYO
          


$230.00


















            10'x20' Mesh Vinyl Banner
          


$800.00


















            Elephant Shaped Sign - 22" Corrugated Plastic
          


$39.95


















            4"x9" Palm Cards - DYO
          


$135.00


















            3"x4" Rectangle Sticker with Round Corners - DYO
          


$0.16


















            16"x26" Sealed Posterboard Sign with Frames - DYO
          


$320.00



















            16"x26" Polybag Yard Sign with Wire U Frame - DYO
          


$0.88


















            16"x24" Polybag Yard Sign with Wire U Frame full color - DYO
          


$0.87


















            20"x30" Polybag Yard Sign with Wire U Frame - DYO
          


$1.10


















            2"x3" Rectangle Sticker with Round Corners 1-color FireRed P176 - DYO
          


$0.16


















            2.25" Round Buttons with Safety Pin Back full color - DYO
          


$7.50


















            2.5" Round Sticker - DYO
          


$80.00



















            5.75" x 11" All Inclusive Standard Postcards
          


$1,165.00


















            5"x7" Palm Cards
          


$0.53


















            Mega Campaign Package
          


$8,500.05


















            Super Campaign Package
          


$5,117.83


















            Large Campaign Package
          


$2,529.00


















            Medium Campaign Package
          


$1,411.91





















✕















Campaign Solutions | A Full-Service Digital Consulting Firm




























































 





CAMPAIGN SOLUTIONS


WE'VE BEEN WHERE YOU WANT TO GO


LEARN MORE








THE MOST EXPERIENCED TEAM


DIGITAL EXPERTS, POLITICAL JUNKIES, AND MUCH MORE


MEET OUR TEAM



 


 













We're Experts In Online PoliticsFounded in 1998 by digital pioneer Becki Donatelli, Campaign Solutions made history by raising the first-ever online donation in politics on our proprietary eDonation platform. Since then, we've gone on to build an award-winning team offering unparalleled expertise in political strategy, online fundraising, advertising, social media, web design and development, data targeting, mobile solutions and more. We've raised over $100,000 per day, every day, for our clients for nearly 20 years and have served as digital consultants for four presidential campaigns, three national conventions, and hundreds of Senate, House, gubernatorial, and local races.
At our core, we believe that politics and the Internet both fundamentally revolve around people, and spend our days (and nights) obsessing over how to better connect clients with the people who support and care about them.
We're a culture of innovators, creators, dreamers, and doers who are convinced that the work we do every day helps make our clients better and more prepared. We have the experience to make it happen, having advised campaigns from the state house to the White House, as well as ballot initiatives, PACs, political organizations, and corporate and non-profit entities.







What We DoWe're experts at capitalizing upon online resources to power offline results. To that end, our award-winning team offers unparalleled expertise in fundraising, advertising, social media, web design and development, messaging, and more.



Digital Strategy
Using the perfect combination of experience and evidence, we use a holistic approach to craft online campaigns that reflect and expand upon offline goals. Working as a key member of your team, our goal is to integrate the web into every part of your organization. We know that politics is a crazy business, which is why our dedication to speed and quality is legendary. 


Social Media
Pioneering tactics like geo-social posts and one-click email collection, the Campaign Solutions team is widely regarded as the most effective force in Republican social media. Believing that both politics and the web are fundamentally about people, we’ll help you create great content and build and optimize your social media presence so that your supporters can easily share it with the people they care about.




Fundraising
Campaign Solutions pioneered fundraising on the Internet for politics and public affairs, raising the first online contribution in political history. We are staffed by fundraising professionals who have decades of experience in raising money for candidates, non-profits, and issue campaigns. In fact, we’ve raised more money online than any other Republican consulting firm.


Web Development
Modern web design is as much science as art, and our in-house creative team specializes in generating creative assets that are as beautiful as they are effective. Balancing form with function, we pride ourselves on creating gorgeous designs that produce action, from viral infographics, to conversion-optimized banner ads and landing pages, to websites that drive donations. 




Advertising
Claiming deep expertise across search, display, and social advertising platforms, we’re experts at leveraging the right combination of strategy, creative, and targeting to effectively engage key audiences. Whether you’re aiming to raise donations, build an email list, enhance your branding and profile, or a little of everything, we have the expertise to make it happen.


Mobile Innovation
We follow a “mobile first” strategy in developing every asset within your digital campaign. With increasing numbers of users utilizing a mobile device to consume your content, a unified experience across destkop, tablet, and smartphone is no longer an optional feature – it’s essential to your success. From websites to email, our team are experts in designing services that work flawlessly on every device.




Data and Microtargeting
We use the latest techniques, tools, and strategies to make data-driven decisions on everything we do, from fundraising strategy to advertising and social media campaigns. Elections very often come down to the last, critical voters and our data management and micro-targeting services ensure you’re talking to the right people, in the right places, and at the right time.


Messaging and Branding
A campaign’s only product is its brand, which makes brand integrity the most important foundation upon which everything else is laid. Having managed the brands of some of politic’s most dynamic figures, our team has unparalleled experience and understanding of how to use your campaign’s unique assets to create an enduring, consistent, and winning brand.





Meet the teamWith extensive political experience from the State House to the White House, coupled with an in-depth technology and marketing experience unparalleled in our industry, members of the Campaign Solutions team are a rare hybrid of political operative and digital expert.









Becki Donatelli
PRESIDENT & FOUNDER

Becki Donatelli is the president of Campaign Solutions. An online political pioneer, Becki is the first person to raise political money on the Internet.








Mike Alm
Executive Vice President

Mike Alm provides fundraising & political strategy and client services to a wide variety of Republican candidates and committees.








Christian Curto
Sen. Account Exec. & Political Dir.

Christian Curto serves as senior account executive & political director and is a Campaigns & Elections Rising Star.








Dustin Call
Account Executive

Dustin is based in our Southern California office and brings a wealth of experience in California’s political world to Campaign Solutions. 








Ryan Wilson
Messaging & Analytics Strategist

Ryan Wilson has the critical knowledge and experience of how to utilize critical data resources in a modern political environment.








Daniel Ulfe
Senior Developer

As our chief developer, Daniel Ulfe leads a team responsible for the cutting-edge programming that powers our digital applications.








Thomas Datwyler
Accountant

Having served as treasurer and controller for numerous political campaigns, Thomas Datwyler manages company and key client accounting.










Carter Kidd
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT & COO

Carter Kidd manages day-to-day operations for Campaign Solutions and specializes in web development and online fundraising.








Ryan Waite
Chief Innovation Officer

Ryan Waite manages operations for Campaign Solutions’ west coast presence, and oversees all account work for our western clients.








Matt Lenell
Account Executive

Matt Lenell joined the Campaign Solutions team in 2013 as a fundraising and political communications strategist.








Amy Hermann
Account Executive

Amy Hermann is an experienced digital political professional and provides online fundraising and political strategy to key clients.








Mackenzie Burr
Account Coordinator

Mackie Burr works in our Alexandria, Virginia headquarters as an Account Coordinator and brings a wealth of experience to the team.








Jeremy Kenney
Senior Database Administrator

Jeremy Kenney is an expert in technology for political organizations and specializes in programming and database development.










Timothy Nurnberger
VICE PRESIDENT & CTO

Timothy Nurnberger is responsible for overall project management throughout the company as head of production and project development.








Eric Frenchman
Chief Marketing Officer

Eric Frenchman is a premier Republican digital strategist and has directed $200+ million in political online advertising.








Camm Tyler
Account Executive

Camm Tyler has extensive experience in political and legislative roles and works with clients on digital political strategy. 








Ally Fitzgerald
Account Executive

Ally Fitzgerald is an Account Executive based in our Southern California office where she oversees key client accounts.








Bentley Hensel
Account Coordinator

A veteran of political campaigns including presidential and local elections, Bentley Hensel serves key clients as an Account Coordinator.








Mike Noller
Copywriter

An accomplished writer and illustrator, Mike brings years of experience in political communications to the Campaign Solutions team.










Guy Short
VICE PRESIDENT, FUNDRAISING

Guy Short serves as Vice President of Fundraising for Campaign Solutions and has over 25 years of experience advising political organizations. 








Whitney Clark
Senior Fundraising Executive

Whitney Clark has helped our clients raise millions of dollars and her work has been profiled in numerous national publications.








Maggie Paulin
Account Executive

Maggie Paulin serves as an account executive and brings years of political and grassroots organizing to the Campaign Solutions team.








Krista Carter
Account Executive

Krista Carter is an experienced digital fundraising professional, gaining her experience with campaigns, think tanks, and nonprofits.








Cecily Kidd
Senior Designer

Senior Designer Cecily Kidd has extensive knowledge of print design, branding, social media graphics and photography.








Tom Dang
Accountant

Tom Dang acts as our lead team member on all accounting matters and works with account executives on the health of key accounts.





Our Offices





LONG VALLEY, NJ






In the heart of the New York metropolitan area, our expertise in political online marketing makes us the industry leader.

13 Briarwood Road
Long Valley, NJ 07853
(908) 867-8001







ALEXANDRIA, VA






Campaign Solutions’ corporate office is located in Old Town Alexandria, home to strategists and consultants of all types.

117 N. Saint Asaph St.
Alexandria, VA 22314
(703) 684-1072







SACRAMENTO, CA






Steps from the state capitol, our office has strategists with decades of experience in California politics and ballot initiatives.

1415 L Street, Suite 430
Sacramento, CA 95814
(916) 572-2723







NEWPORT BEACH, CA






A stone’s throw from the beauty of the Pacific Ocean, our Southern California office is located right in the middle of a critical political arena.

3101 West Coast Hwy, Suite 160
Newport Beach, CA 92663
(916) 572-2723






Get StartedWe're excited to partner with you!
Please tell us a little about yourself and we'll be in touch soon:

































Processing…

 





Thank You! A team member will contact you soon!





Follow UsStay up-to-date with our latest company news and what our team has been up to.























































Jason Johnson | Creative Director

































































 


Jason JohnsonCreative Director





Jason Johnson serves as the creative director of Campaign Solutions. As such, he designs websites, advertising, and overall branding for major political and public affairs clients such as the Republican National Committee, the 2012 Republican National Convention, Michele Bachmann for President, McCain-Palin 2008, and Ending Spending. His creative work has been featured on MSNBC, Newsweek, CNN, Fox News, and in Wired Magazine.
Prior to joining Campaign Solutions in 2006, Jason served as a webmaster and lead designer for a host of public affairs firms and Fortune 500 corporations including Agentrics, Digital Focus, Strategic Resources Inc., and HP Products. Jason holds a Bachelor of Arts in design from Brigham Young University. He lives in Northern Virginia with his wife and six children.





















































Maggie Paulin | Account Executive

































































 


Maggie PaulinAccount Executive





Maggie Paulin joined Campaign Solutions in 2014, bringing years of political and grassroots organizing to the team.
Maggie has worked on numerous political campaigns in Massachusetts, Virginia, and Minnesota ranging from local races to United States Senate. In the 2012 election cycle, Maggie worked as a Regional Field Director for the Massachusetts Victory program with Senator Scott Brown.
Maggie graduated from Elon University in 2008 with a degree is Corporate Communications and a minor in Political Science. She is from Westborough, Massachusetts and is a passionate Red Sox and Patriots fan.





















































Thomas Datwyler - Campaign Solutions | A Full-Service Digital Consulting Firm
































































 


Thomas DatwylerAccountant





Tom Datwyler has served as treasurer for a number of state and federal campaigns and committees, and was the Controller for Senator Marco Rubio’s Presidential campaign in 2016.
Previously, Tom worked at Strategic Fundraising for numerous caging and telemarketing clients including political parties, committees, PACs and candidates. Prior to that, Tom worked at Cardinals FEC Compliance Services working with federal committees to provide contribution processing, record keeping, and FEC reporting and compliance. Tom worked as a finance intern at the 2008 Republican National Convention in St. Paul, Minnesota.
He’s a spouse, father and former captain of the cross country team at Bethany Lutheran College where he holds a Business Finance degree.





















































Guy Short | Vice President of Fundraising

































































 


Guy ShortVice President of Fundraising





With over 25 years of experience advising and managing political campaigns, organizations, and parties at all levels of government, Guy Short serves as a political and fundraising strategist for Campaign Solutions.
Guy has an extensive political résumé including serving as a chief of staff on Capitol Hill, senior advisor and national political director for a presidential campaign, and acting as principal fundraising and general consultant for several senatorial and congressional campaigns. Additionally, he has been a critical component in the success of many political causes, including numerous fundraising initiatives at the state and national level that set records for such projects.
Guy has been a director of both national and state political action committees and has been elected as a national delegate to the last five Republican National Conventions from Colorado. Recently, Guy was elected to the 2012 RNC Platform Committee. He has been a member of the American Association of Political Consultants, Direct Marketing Association and is a board member of the National Right to Work Committee.
A graduate of the University of California at Santa Barbara, Guy resides with his wife and two children in Erie, Colorado.





















































Jeremy Kenny | Senior Database Administrator

































































 


Jeremy KenneySenior Database Administrator





Jeremy Kenney is an expert on technology development for political campaigns and organizations, and specializes in a variety of programming languages and database administration, including .NET, PHP, JQuery, SQL, MySQL, and responsive web design using Bootstraps.
Prior to joining Campaign Solutions, Jeremy was the Republican National Committee’s Director of Application Development. His work has been featured in the New York Times and other national media outlets including Meet The Press (NBC), This Week (ABC), Inside Politics (CNN), MSNBC and FOX News. While at the RNC, Jeremy built hundreds of web applications while working closely with the Romney, McCain, and Bush presidential campaigns.
A Philadelphia native, Jeremy graduated from McDaniel College and earned his Masters of Public Administration degree from the University of Baltimore. He resides in Washington, DC with his wife Megan, daughter Piper and their dog Niña.


























































































































            
    Tesla Motors, Inc. to Unveil Product Next Week -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Tesla Motors, Inc. to Unveil Product Next Week
What will Tesla announce?











                Daniel Sparks
            

                (TMFDanielSparks)



            
            Oct 10, 2016 at 2:20PM
            
            






Elon Musk at a Tesla event. Image source: Tesla Motors.
Electric-car maker Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) plans to host a "product unveiling" on Oct. 17, CEO Elon Musk announced on Twitter over the weekend. Exactly what the new product will be is unknown, but previous comments from management offer some suggestions.
Here's what there is to know ahead of Tesla's event on Monday.
What it won't be
"Tesla product unveiling on the 17th (unexpected by most)," Musk tweeted on Sunday. The cryptic language was enough to prompt speculation while simultaneously leaving investors pretty much clueless. (Thanks a lot, Elon.)
Fortunately, Musk did rule out one announcement when he tweeted that the event would be "followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the 28th." This statement referenced a previous tweet in September noting the company was "aiming" to reveal its new solar roof, with an integrated second-generation energy storage product and a "Tesla charger," on Oct. 28. It's not clear whether this Oct. 28 product announcement is contingent on the closing of its acquisition attempt of solar panel company SolarCity -- a deal Tesla hopes to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. But it looks like Tesla is continuing to plan on the event even as the two companies remain separate.





So Tesla's Oct. 17 announcement likely won't be related to energy storage or SolarCity's upcoming solar-roof product.
What it might be
Besides Tesla's promised next-generation energy storage products, there are two pending events management has previously said it would hold in the near future: a "part 2" demonstration of its Model 3, and a more advanced version of Autopilot. Could the unveiling have to do with either of these upcoming announcements?
Just before Tesla first unveiled its Model 3 design on March 31, Musk said the event was just "Part 1 of the Model 3 unveil. Part 2, which takes things to another level, will be close to production."

Model 3 prototype. Image source: Tesla Motors.





Since Model 3 deliveries aren't expected to begin until late 2017, a "Part 2" Model 3 unveiling next week is unlikely.
A more likely announcement for October is a next-generation Autopilot system. When Musk was asked at Recode's Code Conference 2016 about whether Model 3 would have autonomous driving capabilities, the CEO said Tesla would host an event later in 2016 to "talk more about that."
Here's an excerpt from Musk's conversation with Recode's Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher:

Mossberg: [The Model 3] will have autonomous for $35,000?
Musk: I have a -- I'm going to do another Tesla event, maybe by the end of the year, to talk more about that.
Mossberg: Well, so, you can start here.
Musk: It will be real big news if I start here.
Mossberg: We don't mind that.
Musk: Let me just say that we're going to do the obvious thing.
Mossberg and Swisher: Ok...
Musk: It's really obvious.

Currently, Tesla's Autopilot system puts all the responsibility on the driver, serving as a driver-assist technology. Autopilot automatically steers, brakes, and changes lanes on the highway, but it requires that drivers remain alert, keeping their hands on the wheel and ready to take control if the Autopilot fails to drive correctly.





A more advanced Autopilot system might bring Tesla vehicles closer to full autonomy. As Musk as warned repeatedly, though, regulation will likely lag advancements toward autonomy, so it's unlikely even a more advanced system would readily relieve drivers of their driving responsibilities.
Of course, Tesla could very well announce something totally different from these two products Musk has hinted at.
While next week's announcement, in and of itself, could be enough to impact an investing thesis in the stock, investors should file this as a big "unknown" until it's clear exactly what Tesla is unveiling.



Daniel Sparks owns shares of Tesla Motors. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Tesla Motors and Twitter. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                            Daniel Sparks
                        

                            (TMFDanielSparks)
                        

Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University.
Follow @danielsparks








Article Info




                    
                    Oct 10, 2016 at 2:20PM
                    
                


                    Industrials
                












Stocks








Tesla



                                        NASDAQ:TSLA





                                    $334.46
                                

down



                                    $-9.39
                                

                                    (-2.73%)
                                








Read More



Tesla, Inc. to Share Model 3 News on Sunday


Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Is Down Again Today


Why Tesla, Blue Apron, and Yum China Slumped Today


Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Tumbled on Wednesday


Tesla Model 3 Launch Event: What to Expect



































Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Tesla Motors, Inc. to Unveil Product Next Week @themotleyfool #stocks $TSLA















































(PRODUCT)RED™ - iPhone 7 Special Edition - Apple






































(RED)®
Buy (RED). Give life.
For 10 years, our partnership with (RED) has supported HIV/AIDS programs that provide counseling, testing, and medicine that prevents the transmission of HIV from a mother to her unborn child. So far, we’ve raised over $130 million through the sale of our (RED) products. Now we’re introducing iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED™ Special Edition. Every purchase brings us a step closer to an AIDS‑free generation.









Special Edition
iPhone 7

Learn more about iPhone 7
Buy iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED














Every (RED) purchase contributes directly to the Global Fund to fight AIDS.








Leather Case for iPhone

Buy iPhone 7 Leather Case
Buy iPhone 7 Plus Leather Case
Buy iPhone 6s Leather Case
Buy iPhone 6s Plus Leather Case
Buy iPhone SE Leather Case









Silicone Case for iPhone

Buy iPhone 7 Silicone Case
Buy iPhone 7 Plus Silicone Case
Buy iPhone 6s Silicone Case
Buy iPhone 6s Plus Silicone Case




Smart Battery Case for iPhone
Buy iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case









One dollar can provide three days of lifesaving medicine.








Apple Watch Sport Band

Buy 38mm Apple Watch Sport Band
Buy 42mm Apple Watch Sport Band










Your support can mean fewer babies are born with HIV every day.








Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones
Buy Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones



Beats Pill+ Portable Speaker
Buy Beats Pill+ Portable Speaker










Your purchase can help fund HIV testing in Sub-Saharan Africa.






iPod touch
Buy iPod touch









Your contributions provide HIV counseling, education, and care services.





Silicone Case for iPad

Buy 9.7-inch iPad Pro Silicone Case
Buy iPad mini 4 Silicone Case








Smart Cover for iPad

Buy 9.7-inch iPad Pro Smart Cover
Buy iPad mini 4 Smart Cover
Buy iPad Smart Cover









Together, we can deliver an AIDS‑free generation.


When you buy or give (RED), you’re making a difference. Here’s how it works.











When you buy (PRODUCT)RED™, we will send a contribution to the Global Fund.













The Global Fund uses 100% of this money to finance HIV/AIDS programs.










The contribution helps people affected by HIV in Ghana, Lesotho, Rwanda, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Kenya, and Zambia.





Or you can contribute directly to the Global Fund.
Make a donation






















TalentDesk | job | Product Marketing Ad Operations















View all Jobs at this Employer




Product Marketing Ad Operations

Location Fort Lee, NJ
Category Marketing / Product / PR








Tweet












 Major Marketing Firm is seeking a Product Marketing/Ad Operations specialist to assist the sales team respond to RFPs, identify inventory and create product overviews for sales and internal training, experience in display/email/online advertising, has worked with media agencies and buyers.  Key responsibilities include:  o Take ownership of all company-related marketing events and social media presence o Produce engaging, useful and relevant content o Write for different media, including website, press, social media, and email campaigns o Strengthen social media brand presence and post regularly based on the editorial calendar o Author newsletters, emails, blog articles, presentations and internal communications o Event planning with attention to detail o Prepare educational write-ups for industry distribution o Work collaboratively with sales team o Prepare and participate in national and regional trade shows o SEO- implementation, improve and monitor website SEO  Salary is up to 80K 







Apply Now










First Name



Last Name





Email



Phone




Upload Resume












Cover Letter






Recent Employer Name








Degree/Level



School/University












 Processing. Please wait...


By clicking the "Apply" button I agree to the Terms of Service and
Privacy Policy




 





You already have a TalentDesk Account. Please log in below.



Email



Password




Remember Me
Forgot Your Password?



Cancel



 








–OR–










Powered by TalentDesk

Privacy Policy  | 
Job Scam Awareness









Product Hunt



























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Discover your next favorite thingProduct Hunt surfaces the best new products, every day. It's a place for product-loving enthusiasts to share and geek out about the latest mobile apps, websites, hardware projects, and tech creations.Sign Up NavigationFEEDSHomeTechGamesBooksArtificial IntelligenceDeveloper ToolsHomeProductivityTouch Bar AppsWearablesAll TopicsCustomize Your FeedUpcoming ProductsHempIdentify 🌿 strains with just a pic 📸183 subscribersVidvisionConvert video viewers into leads 🎥54 subscribersLearnjiLearn a language using emoji 🍑👙🍋🍀🍐☄️🌈159 subscribersShow moreTodayPopularNewestGhost 1.0A new editor, new design and major upgradesTech+ 1 save 559 48Tasty One Top by BuzzFeedA smart and social kitchen cooker 🍳Tech+ 1 save 260 36StriveSDK for iOSAugmented Reality SDK for face filtersDeveloper Tools+ 5 save 310 35SaaS 1000Free exportable list of the fastest growing SaaS companiesSaaS+ 3 save 251 11BetterHealth insurance claims made simpleiPad+ 4 save 274 16ChainCreate dynamic color relations in Sketch.Productivity+ 3 save 205 7Aura 2.0Spotify for mindfulness meditations - for any mood 😊Productivity+ 5 save 304 15Customer Feedback Portal 2.0Ask customers what you should build nextProductivity+ 4 save 191 25BookTribes: Nerd TogetherOnline book clubs for book nerdsProductivity+ 4 save 121 19CryptoBuzzHacker News for CryptoTech+ 1 save 147 17Sunu bandSonar wristband that improves mobility for the blindTech+ 1 save 157 9Framer Dynamic TypeStyle, animate, and manipulate text in Framer.Developer Tools+ 2 save 79 4Jasonette OfflineBuild offline first native apps with just a JSON MarkupDeveloper Tools+ 4 save 123 7🌚🌞.wsDiscover events in US for the Total Solar Eclipse 2017Tech+ 1 save 101 11fohkuhsA beautiful focus timerProductivity+ 2 save 75 6Quick Notes 2.0Quick note taking appProductivity+ 4 save 66 4Timepot timer for ChromeTrack time & projects across your toolsProductivity+ 2 save 68 3Show 9 moreUltimate Notes App Showdown 📝🥊Get the best new products in your inbox, every day 👇Subscribe











How to Market a Brand New Product | Inc.com









 






















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 






































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  DESIGN
													







How to Market a Brand New Product


What the Snuggie, the Roomba, and other innovative products can teach you about turning an unknown name and product into a consumer success.






By Drew Gannon


@drewgannon 










28 COMMENTS























The Oona smartphone stand
CREDIT: 










When TV commercials for the Snuggie launched in October of 2008, they were difficult to take seriously. For anyone with an extra sweatshirt in their closet, a lounging woman's debate between keeping her arms warm and completing simple tasks like answering the phone or knitting was hardly inspiration to direct-order a $20 sleeved blanket. And by the time the ad showed an entire snuggie-clad family cheering at a sporting event, some viewers were too busy laughing to pick up the phone.  
But when four million Snuggies were sold in four months, the Snuggie's creator, Allstar Products, had the last laugh. Within months of its introduction, the Snuggie transformed from a virtually unknown product into a pop culture phenomenon, appearing on The Today Show, referenced on hit TV comedy 30 Rock, and featured in the tabloids. Hundreds of Facebook groups and YouTube parodies spread awareness and boosted sales.
"Once we got people talking, it turned into a great product," says Scott Boilen, Allstar Product's CEO. "It was almost like why wouldn't a blanket have sleeves?"
Today, more than 25 million Snuggies have been sold, making the brand an exemplar for one-of-a-kind products seeking mass consumer acceptance. With tens of thousands of inventions conceived each year, turning an innovative new product into a consumer staple isn't easy. It requires creativity, ingenuity, and persistence to break into a market and convince consumers they need something that never existed before. Follow the example of the Snuggie and other successful products to make your own invention into a sensation. 
How to Market a New Product: Design a Campaign With Built-in Motivation
Yes, the creators of Snuggie were in on the joke. Allstar Products intentionally gave its product a quirky name and an over-the-top commercial to promote fun and fashion. But, the Snuggie still upheld Allstar's core purpose: problem solving. "We're a problem-solution company," says Boilen. "We show a problem to a consumer and give them an excellent way to solve it at a good price."
In order to make a new product something consumers can't live without, it needs to serve a purpose in your customer's life. Defining that purpose depends on your individual product's functionality. Allstar's problem-solution method takes daily activities and enhances them with a new idea.
The direct marketing consumer product company used a similar solution-based method when promoting Topsy Turvy, a device that allows tomatoes to grow upside down to provide fresh-grown produce without the traditional hassles of a full garden. "That was more about functionality than fun," Boilen says. "It was a different message that took a little longer for people to get out there. But it was also a big hit."
For Vapur, a two-year-old company that designs foldable, reusable water bottles, defining a purpose was twofold, both solving a problem and embracing changing consumer desires.
"We knew there was a lot of need for a green water bottle because the green movement was taking off, the economy was tanking, and people were looking for away to get off bottled water," says co-founder Jason Carignan. "The problem with traditional bottles was that they were as bulky empty as they were full."
A few rare products are able to leave their purpose undefined, using their customer's imaginations to fill in the blanks. The Oona, a versatile smartphone holder recently funded through Kickstarter defines itself as Whatever You Need It To Be. "We wanted to create a stand that could do as many things in the physical world as your phone can do in the virtual world," says co-founder Sam Gordon.
Dig Deeper: How To Define Your Target Market
How to Market a New Product: Focus on the Descriptors in Your Marketing  
Once you have a product and you've figured out precisely the role it would play in a consumer's life, it's time to share that with the public. In order to inspire potential customers to think outside the box, the Oona created a video showing their smartphone stand serving as many purposes in as many places as possible in under three minutes. The creators' use of multimedia set them apart from other Kickstarter projects, helping them shatter their $10,000 goal with $131,220 in funding from 3,915 backers—a top-10 record for the crowdfunding site.
Finding the perfect words to describe an innovative product through video or more traditional forms of branding can be time consuming. Make sure to allocate enough time before a product launch to allow for a thorough thought process, remembering that you have to build consumer understanding from nothing.
"We were in development for six to nine months, going through rounds and rounds of naming," says Carignan on Vapur's branding process.  "Do we call it a flexible bottle? A water skin? A pouch?"
Eventually, Vapur named itself the anti-bottle, accepting that its consumers would feel more comfortable with a conventional descriptor. Still, Carignan says the "anti" prefix sets Vapur apart from its competitors. "You put all the rigid bottles in one corner and us in the other," he says. "We're the other, better option."
Sometimes, regardless of how much thought you put into your original ideas, branding becomes an evolution over time. Since it was first released in 2002, the Roomba, the now iconic robotic vacuum has undergone multiple branding changes. Its parent company, iRobot, never intended to call the Roomba a robot. "When we tested the Roomba with customers and asked if it was a robot, they said no," says Colin Angle, iRobot's chairman and CEO. "A robot is a humanoid like Commander Data on Star Trek. So we called it an automated vacuum."
However, as review after review described the Roomba as a robot, public perception began to change. So, iRobot changed its branding as well. "We went from auto vac, to robotic vacuum, to robo vac, to a vacuuming robot," says Angle. "Now if you wonder if Roomba is a robot: of course it's a robot." 
Dig Deeper: New Rules of Branding Your Business Online
How to Market a New Product: Prove That It Works
The press not only served the Roomba in transforming its branding, but also helped iRobot overcome general skepticism about their product's effectiveness. And that's been one of the product's major barriers to purchase from Day One to today. According to Angle, the press has become the Roomba's best and most effective ally.
"For whatever reason the press has always been interested in robots, and like our consumers, all of them were incredibly skeptical when we gave them one," says Angle. "And then it worked. You take these skeptics, give them something that turns them from skeptic to supporter, and they often become rabid supporters."
Vapur also relied on sampling to bloggers and social media reviews in order to build a more genuine overview of the product. "That was really critical because once opinionated people started using the product and promoting it, people saw the benefits in a way we were not able to share objectively," says Carignan. "Once you've got your message defined, you've got to get it out."
Working with the media did exactly that for the Oona. A week after its launch on Kickstarter, several publications began reviewing the stand, including the Fast Company Design blog. On May 10, 2010—the day Fast Company's review came out—the Oona saw more than $20,000 in pledges, starting a massive upward trajectory for the product.
"That was the tipping point," says Gordon. "From then on more and more blogs picked up the story and we saw hundreds, if not thousands, of tweets and Facebook Likes about The Oona."
Marketing through social media is an increasingly effective way not only to gain popularity but also to help your new product prove itself to consumers directly. When the Roomba's potential clients raised concerns about their pets' safety, iRobot relied on viral YouTube videos made by Roomba owners of cats, dogs, and even turtles riding on the vacuum. "People made them and people loved them," says Angle. "So we went with it."
Dig Deeper: How To Use Samples to Promote Your Product
How to Market a New Product: Personalize It  
Since introducing its three original colors in 2008, the Snuggie has relied on its consumers—including its 280,000 Facebook fans—to create the next generation of Snuggies.
"They're giving longevity to our brand," says Boilen. "With any product, make sure you're connecting with your customer, make sure you're communicating with them, and make sure you're partnering with them to build your brand for the future."
Since Day One, the Roomba has put customer service before all else. In the Roomba's first years, even Angle took his turn manning the customer support line, where he learned just how much his product meant to his customers. "I was on the phone with a lady with a broken Roomba, so I told her to send it back to the store for a replacement," he recalls. "There was a pause on the line, and she said, ‘No, I'm not giving your Rosie! That was when I knew we had something special." According to Angle, over eight percent of people name their Roomba, making it more a part of the family.
Even in its nascent stage, the Oona also learned to personalize. Gordon, a public relations agent by day, spends his nights responding to between 50 and 100  e-mails, tweets, comments, and posts the Oona generates daily through social media.
"I would do it all night if I needed to," says Gordon. "We are so passionate about our product, so we love to see the positive feedback and suggestions from people who a month ago didn't know we existed. We haven't been around for long, but we will be."
Dig Deeper: How To Deliver Great Customer Service





Published on: Jun 22, 2011


















































































Find Jobs at ActiveCampaign, Inc. - Hired













































Job Directory

Information Tech

Active Campaign, Inc.

Growth & Product Marketing Specialist


Growth & Product Marketing Specialist
ActiveCampaign, Inc.


Chicago, Illinois
Integrated email marketing, marketing automation, and small business CRM. Send beautiful newsletters, setup behavioral based automations, and benefit from sales automation.Sign Up For Hired To Get Job Offers
Sign Up


Meet companies like  on Hired.
Get Started



Tech Stack

Google Universal Analytics

  HeapAnalytics

  Facebook Widget

  DoubleClick Conversion

  Google AdWords Conversion

  Nginx

  Google Remarketing

  Google Dynamic Remarketing

  Facebook Web Custom Audiences

  Google Tag Manager

  CloudFlare

  Active Campaign

  Zendesk

  Ruby On Rails

  LiveChat

  Google Font API

  Vimeo

  Gmail

  Gmail SPF

  Google Apps

  Cloudflare DNS

  CloudFlare Hosting

  Amplitude


About
ActiveCampaign, Inc.
Integrated email marketing, marketing automation, and small business CRM. Send beautiful newsletters, setup behavioral based automations, and benefit from sales automation.

HeadquartersActiveCampaign, Inc.
Size160
employees
IndustryInformation Tech


Sign Up






More Jobs At ActiveCampaign, Inc.




Senior Site Reliability EngineerChicago, Illinois



Team Lead, Product SupportChicago, Illinois



Data ScientistChicago, Illinois



Team Lead, Product SupportChicago, Illinois



Data EngineerChicago, Illinois


View More Jobs In Chicago

View More Jobs In Chicago



Tech Stack
Google Universal Analytics
  HeapAnalytics
  Facebook Widget
  DoubleClick Conversion
  Google AdWords Conversion
  Nginx
  Google Remarketing
  Google Dynamic Remarketing
  Facebook Web Custom Audiences
  Google Tag Manager
  CloudFlare
  Active Campaign
  Zendesk
  Ruby On Rails
  LiveChat
  Google Font API
  Vimeo
  Gmail
  Gmail SPF
  Google Apps
  Cloudflare DNS
  CloudFlare Hosting
  Amplitude




ActiveCampaign, Inc.
222 South Riverside Plaza Suite 810 Chicago IL 60606 United States


Website
Angelist
activecampaign
Linkedin
Facebook
Get in touch







For Employers


For Employers


How it Works


Meet our Talent


Resources


Success Stories


FAQ


Contract

For Talent


Talent


How It Works


Success Stories


FAQ


Contract


Blog

Follow Us










Language


EN
|
FR


HIRED



About


Careers


Press


Blog


Support




Jobs


Cities


Companies


Salary Calculator



© 2017 Hired, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


Privacy


Terms


Sitemap








5 Marketing Tools Apple Exploits To Build The Hype











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementadvertisement09.28.12 5 Marketing Tools Apple Exploits To Build The HypeThe iPhone backorders, tweet cascades, and exploding stock prices aren’t unrelated–Apple is doing something right (besides making products people worship). Once you’ve got the goods, here’s how to take a page from its marketing playbook.
By Catherine Kaputa6 minute ReadWhether it’s launching its latest iPhone or iPad, Apple sure knows how to create buzz with consumers and the media (recent maps debacle aside). While other companies fight for attention, Apple seems to effortlessly dominate the media–not to mention the hearts and minds of customers–with its new product launches. Recently, Apple sold 2 million iPhone 5’s on day one, and then a couple of days later the stock hit the stratospheric price of $700 a share. So you could say they’re doing something right.advertisementIn researching hundreds of successful entrepreneurial companies for my new book, I was struck by strategies and tactics used by Apple to create media and consumer buzz that were not commonly employed by other brands.If you want to build buzz like Apple does–and maybe someday get your stock to their level–take note of these five marketing tactics: 
They cultivate an air of secrecy and intrigue to fuel speculation and buzz.
Many companies go to great lengths to preserve confidentiality during the product development phase, but Apple is a master of the teaser marketing campaign, dragging on the suspense for as long as possible. For weeks if not months before the release of every iPhone, the media conversation builds to deafening levels. Apple stokes the buzz by providing virtually no information. For example, Apple announced a press conference for September 12, 2012, but didn’t say what the press announcement was about. In essence, Apple created a cliffhanger as the media and bloggers speculated,”What could it be–the new iPhone 5 or something else?  All the bottom-up speculation in the media and blogosphere generated phenomenal consumer interest–for free. Only after weeks of free buzz did Apple launch a paid media campaign to keep the momentum going.The Takeaway:Start building relationships with the media and bloggers–the influencers who cover your industry. Nurture and expand them over time. Remember, the Internet is word of mouth on steroids. Marketers have always known that the best way to promote your product is to get others to do it for you. Nothing is more valuable than getting third-party experts to tout your brand. Take another page from Apple’s marketing book and launch a teaser campaign, a series of short, cryptic announcements that lead up to a larger, full-blown marketing campaign, and watch the interest and momentum build.They create the illusion of scarcity to increase demandLuxury goods marketers have long realized that scarcity (real or perceived) makes a product more desirable and in demand. Scarcity not only increases the value of a product, it propels the procrastinators and all us who want to be part of the trendy crowd to step up and buy. That’s why it is a favored tactic of designer handbag manufacturers and other luxury goods. Apple has found its own ways to hype the sense of faux scarcity. It did not have enough phones available when it went on sale. Just one hour after the iPhone 5 went on sale for preorders on September 14, 2012, the Apple website reported that heavy demand had necessitated delayed delivery. Adding to the illusion of scarcity was the fact that you could only preorder the phone, and lines were long. The tactic worked. Not only did the iPhone 5 set a record for first-day sales, even two weeks after the iPhone went on sale, it was on a back order of three to four weeks, prolonging the difficulty (and desirability) of owning one.advertisementThe Takeaway:Consider intentionally restricting production of a product to create scarcity and fuel demand for your product. Other tactics you can explore are making the offer only available for a limited time or until a certain number have been sold. Or you can report on your website or customer sales calls that only a small number of certain items are left in stock–but only if that’s really the case.They focus on a “friendly” customer experience.Apple products have always been designed to be different, delightful and friendly. I say “friendly” because the core driver of every Apple product is the removal of complexity in favor of ease of use with innovative features like touchscreen “gestures” for zooming and scrolling or SIRI, your personal assistant. Its history of innovative, “friendly” gadgets creates anticipation about what they will do next to advance the consumer experience. The new iPhone 5 ads capture its new friendly features in one phrase: “4-inch Retina display, ultrafast wireless, iOS 6, in a thinner, lighter design.”The Takeaway:Think outside-in as smart branders do. Begin with your customer first (outside), then figure out how your can improve your product or service to meet that customer need (inside). Ask yourself, “What would make your product easier to use for customers?” and “How can you make the customer experience special and different–at every touch point?” Think of the customer experience holistically. Don’t stop with the product design, but look at the way it’s sold and displayed in the store or on your website, as well as the customer service experience with your call center. Make sure that the customer benefits your product offers are crisp and clear in all your marketing–like the iPhone tagline above.They wow customers through design and packagingNot only does Apple have a history of product innovations, they package their products brilliantly. Steve Jobs famously looked outside the tech world for design and packaging inspiration, at Japanese packaging design, Italian car finishes, and the like. He was one of the first technology leaders to realize that beautiful design can be an important product differentiator. Apple’s brand architecture is monolithic. Every touch point conveys a modern, minimalistic brand image from the product design itself to its packaging to the Apple store where you can buy it. Go into an Apple store and you’ll find the same design aesthetic and brand personality as you’ll find in the gadget in your hand. Many customers are so wowed by Apple’s beautiful,”open me first” packaging that they don’t throw it away, which is called “unboxing.”advertisementThe Takeaway:Make sure every touch point where customers come into contact with your company and its products conveys your company’s brand personality with a unified visual identity, a distinct look and feel that sets you apart from others. Find a visual hook, a visual something, a design, a color, a logo or a shape that your brand can own in the minds of customers. Aim to have a visual identity that is instantly recognizable like Apple’s.They create a passionate brand community of fans who identity with Apple’s brand valuesWhile other tech manufacturers see their products as utilitarian, geeky and inexpensive, Apple is the opposite: cool, friendly, and upmarket. Apple has created a brand culture that has attracted a passionate brand community of followers who identify with the brand’s innovativeness, simplicity, and coolness. They are fans who lock into the entire family of Apple products and must have the latest gadget right when it comes out, even if it means waiting in line for hours. It’s quite a phenomenon to behold.The Takeaway:Write down your brand values that define your brand culture. Remember Apple’s “Think Different” ad campaign that defined Apple’s brand values and brand culture? Here were the opening lines: “Here’s to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in square holes…” Once you have defined what your brand stands for, then zero in on the types of consumers who share those values, and create digital communities through social media, blogs, or in-person meet-ups so that it’s easy for your brand’s fans to connect to your company and each other.If you want to get your products noticed, maybe it’s time for you to start breaking the rules as Apple does.advertisementCatherine Kaputa is a brand consultant and author of Breakthrough Branding and You Are A Brand!, now in its second edition.  Follow her @CatherineKaputa and visit her at SelfBrand.[Image: Flickr user Nico Kaiser]advertisementRelated StoriesLeadershipThis Is Why Just Working Harder Won’t Get You That PromotionLeadershipI’m Glad I Hired One Of My Startup’s Biggest SkepticsLeadershipThese Are The Personality Traits That The Happiest Freelancers ShareadvertisementVideoIdeasIdeasThis Dam Has Been A Disaster–Can Turning It Into a Solar Plant Save It?IdeasAutomated Buses Are Here, Now We Have To Decide How They Will Reshape Our CitiesIdeasHow Al Gore’s “An Inconvenient Sequel” Plans To Convert Viewers Into ActivistsEntertainmentEntertainmentKesha Goes Back Into Old Home Movies In New Anti-Nostalgic Music VideoEntertainmentPanorama Is Around The Corner: This Week In MusicEntertainmentAngelina Jolie’s Casting Strategy Is Either Meaningful Or ExploitativeCo.DesignProductOMG! Buzzfeed Is Making Appliances NowSpacesThe Lawns Of The Future Will Be Filled With CactiGraphicsDisney Has A Stupidly Simple Fix For Mixed Reality’s Big ProblemFast CompanyEntertainmentKesha Goes Back Into Old Home Movies In New Anti-Nostalgic Music VideoEntertainmentPanorama Is Around The Corner: This Week In MusicEntertainmentAngelina Jolie’s Casting Strategy Is Either Meaningful Or Exploitative











10 Most Compelling Ad Campaigns of the Decade: Why They Went Viral | Inc.com
































































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







MB Vans


Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Notes to My Younger Self


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Best Industries


30 Under 30


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 






































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 
































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up


































													  STRATEGY
													







10 Most Compelling Ad Campaigns of the Decade: Why They Went Viral


Pretty pictures no longer cut it. 






 By Anna Guerrero


Anna Guerrero is the editor of Canva Design School, a blog and interactive tutorial series that empowers people to learn design.
@AnnaIsabella92 


Editor, Canva Design School@AnnaIsabella92 










WRITE A COMMENT
























CREDIT: Getty Images










“What do consumers want?”It’s a burning question marketers have long been asking, but the way we’re now able to answer it is vastly different from in the era of pin-up girls and dazzling automobile ads.Why? We’re living in the age of data.With audiences rapidly moving online, the question is no longer ambiguous. Instead, data allows marketers to gain complex insights into people’s feelings, habits, and emotions–essentially, into what drives them to buy.The best advertising of the decade, then, is the product of this shift–a carefully crafted narrative that tells the story consumers want to hear before they buy.Pretty pictures simply don’t drive the same marketing traffic that they use to, so don’t let your advertising efforts fall behind the times. We know that visual marketing is powerful, but psychologically driven visual marketing is unstoppable.Here’s how 10 major brands crafted it, captured the hearts and minds of their audiences, and went viral. Take notes–you can use these techniques too.1. Dove, “Campaign for Real Beauty”: Deconstruct the NormWhen Unilever’s market research showed that, in 2004, only 4 percent of women considered themselves “beautiful,” an advertising campaign was hatched. Working in tandem, Ogilvy & Mather and Edelman Public Relations set out to change that perception by deconstructing contemporary norms of beauty.After putting up billboards that asked people to reassess their perception of female beauty, the campaign gained massive press attention. Talk shows, women’s magazines, even newspapers and news television shows began discussing modern female beauty standards as a result of the campaign. This media exposure created approximately 30 times the revenue of paid-for media spots, according to Jonathan Kolstad’s book Unilever PLC: Campaign for Real Beauty Campaign.By leveraging market research to understand how women perceived their beauty, Dove was able to create viral videos (such as an interview piece with mothers and their daughters who discussed perceptions of female beauty with one another) and a series of commercials (“Evolution,” “Onslaught,” and “Amy”) that deconstructed this perceived norm that beauty is about being skinny and young.Dove’s campaign went viral because it connected with people’s realization that female beauty norms are not always “normal,” that the most beautiful person you can be is yourself, and that if a brand message is resonant enough, it can (almost) market itself.2. Burberry, “The Art of the Trench”: Create a Sense of Community“The Art of the Trench” website was launched by Burberry in 2009, which showed everyday people sporting their Burberry trench coats. It found global success by creating a community of people who owned a Burberry trench coat and created a desire to join this community from people who did not yet own one of the iconic jackets.By creating a club-like feeling through tapping into Facebook connectivity, interactive multimedia, celebrity photographers, and video integration, Burberry’s “The Art of the Trench” campaign quickly went viral.Everyone wanted to see himself or herself on Burberry’s site and many of those who didn’t have a trench coat were inspired to get one. It also leveraged the popularity of “street style” photography and employed famous photographers who made amateur models feel like a part of a professional community, as shown in the photos below.3. Old Spice, “The Man Your Man Could Smell Like”: Leverage Market Research and Never PanderWhen Wieden Kennedy conducted market research on bathroom products and found that it’s best to target women when selling men’s products (women tend to make the purchasing choices for bathroom supplies), Old Spice created “The Man Your Man Could Smell Like.” Previously, men’s products had been marketed directly toward men, most notably with Axe body sprays and washes, whose commercials showed attractive women running after the men who wore them. However, this approach turned women off to purchasing Axe products while making men feel pandered to by commercials that equated their sexuality with body sprays.The Old Spice campaign, however, put handsome NFL athlete-turned-actor Isaiah Mustafa into peculiar, over-the-top situations, which was attractive to women as well as to men, who found the rapid-fire dialogue and humorous juxtaposition of Mustafa’s nonchalant demeanor butting up against wildly changing sceneries and events to be clever and funny rather than pandering.Although any company could have unearthed this market research, the execution was so fun and so simple–equating body soaps and deodorants to a suave, sexy football player–that Old Spice quickly had a viral hit on its hands. This campaign differentiated Old Spice as fun-loving brand that didn’t need to talk down to you.4. Red Bull, “Stratos”: Engage in Brand BehaviorRed Bull maintains that sending the Austrian daredevil Felix Baumbartner into space to become the first person to break the sound barrier without an engine was not meant as an advertisement. “The Red Bull Stratos project was, first and foremost, a scientific mission documented by our broadcast and editorial teams for seven years,” Red Bull spokeswoman Patrice Radden told Ad Age. “Red Bull Stratos was not an advertising campaign.”This alleged “anti-ad,” where Baumbartner flew through the stratosphere and landed at the Roswell International Air Center in Roswell, New Mexico, was textbook brand behavior–equating Red Bull with adventurousness and a daredevil mindset–and, for all intents and purposes, was in fact an advertisement for the well-known energy drink even as it skirted the boundaries of conventional advertising.Cleverly, Red Bull characterized “the jump” as an “event,” not an “ad,” so that when it was live-streamed on YouTube it gained over 9.5 million viewers, setting the record for the “live stream with the most concurrent views ever on YouTube.”Viewers weren’t tuning in to watch an advertisement; they were tuning in to watch a brand engage in the behaviors that aligned with its core values of adventure.5. Apple, “Get a Mac”: Create a Campaign TemplateApple used a basic template to showcase a single attribute of Macs that PCs either don’t have or have worse versions of in this set of 66 commercials that ran for more than three years. The ads, featuring two comedians on a white background, made it simple for Apple to exemplify their special functions, their ease of use, and their security features in a way that didn’t seem didactic and boring but rather appeared to be a side note to a comedy sketch.To appeal globally, Apple tailored the videos to the country in which they were broadcast by selecting popular actors whose roles tended to embody either nerdy or cool: in the U.S., John Hodgman (PC) and Justin Long (Mac); in the U.K., David Mitchell (PC) and Robert Webb (Mac); in Japan, the comedy duo called The Rahmens.The campaign went viral because of the simplicity, the country-specific tailoring of the set-up, the fact that the 66 unique shorts were all available online, and, importantly, because the TBWA agency and Apple found a way to make what amounted to rattling off positive product attributes over a three-year period feel continually fresh, hilarious, and something the consumer could look forward to (or check out online) all within a basic, repeatable template.6. Newcastle, “Anna Kendrick”: Position Your Brand as the OutsiderA “faux Super Bowl commercial,” where Anna Kendrick, fresh off her Pitch Perfect star breakout, talked to her hairdresser about how she “almost” did a Super Bowl advertising campaign, was hailed as one of the best Super Bowl commercials of the year even though Newcastle didn’t have to buy any ad time (they played it around the Super Bowl and as a native advertisement on Gawker). Adweek called it an “ambush” and quoted Newcastle brand director Quinn Kilbury as saying, “It seemed like the obvious thing we had to do, and unfair to the world if we didn’t… the Super Bowl is great. The game is amazing, everyone loves the game. But it’s become much more about marketing in some ways, and the over-the-top ridiculousness that surrounds it.”Knowing they couldn’t compete with the advertising budget of a market leader like Budweiser, Newcastle decided not to compete at all.Mad Men‘s Don Draper once wisely said, “if you don’t like what’s being said, change the conversation,” and that’s exactly what Newcastle did.By changing the conversation to how much of a tired marketing tool the Super Bowl has become and using the newly minted star power of Kendrick in a non-Super Bowl commercial about the Super Bowl, Newcastle positioned itself as the cool outsider–and, importantly, the brand that “cool” consumers would want to be a part of.7. Dos Equis, “The Most Interesting Man in the World”: Harness the Power of Slogans and Phrasal TemplatesThe Most Interesting Man in the World campaign, which began in 2006, also took a different approach to beer advertising: Rather than selling beer as a way to get attractive women to like you, Dos Equis positioned itself as a conduit to interestingness and distinction. “He is a man rich in stories and experiences, much the way the audience hopes to be in the future,” noted the marketing expert Francis Pruett of the ad’s main character.What made it so successful was the phrase that Jonathan Goldsmith, who played the titular character, employed at the end of every commercial: “I don’t always drink beer. But when I do, I prefer Dos Equis.” This launched the viral internet meme based on the phrasal template, “I don’t always [A], but when I do, I [B].” (For instance, “I don’t always look up things on my smartphone. But when I do, it’s to prove people wrong.”)The campaign succeeded because it wasn’t viewed as solely an advertisement but also as a 30-second comedy clip that viewers, knowing the phrasal templates, could look forward to whenever the familiar colors and characters flickered on their screens. Once it turned into a meme, the brand’s message spread wildly, transcending the original ad while maintaining its protagonist, thereby acting as a constant reminder of the product even in entirely new and unrelated situations. It became not just a beer ad but an internet sensation that pushed forth the idea that Dos Equis was different and distinguished as well as youthful and web-savvy.8. Nike, “Nike “: Make Everything SocialThere’s no sport quite as isolating as long-distance running, in which you’re by yourself for sometimes hours at a time. But that didn’t stop Nike from finding a way to make running social by creating Nike  and its Fuelband, which allow users to virtually train with star athletes, share their times and goals with an online community, and sync their progress and run maps to services like Facebook.The social aspect didn’t just bring hardcore runners; it democratized the Nike brand and brought a whole new set of consumers: novices.“It turned a platform that was designed for runners,” Nick Law, global COO of R/GA, told AdAge, “into a platform that was designed for anyone that wanted to be active.” By adding social aspects and online syncing capabilities to some of its core products, Nike was able to both keep its diehard athletes as well as attracting a wider public.9. Progressive Insurance, “Flo”: A Light Tone Can Do WondersHow do you make something as inherently dull as automobile insure feel fresh and interesting? Geico has had a talking Gecko for years and State Farm has used an authoritative, moralistic voice narrating dire situations, but Progressive took a different route: Casting stand-up comedian Stephanie Courtney as an over-the-top, overly made-up, bubbly sales assistant named Flo. The ad grabbed viewers’ attention with a similar trick to the “Get a Mac” ads, where one attribute of Progressive was divulged in a sitcom-y situation with Flo leaving the audience with a zinger comment.The insight that made Progressive’s commercial such a hit was in understanding the public perception of insurance companies as tiring, bureaucratic, and humorless. By upending this notion, Progressive set itself apart from its competition and now has the most popular advertising campaign in the insurance market.10. Tide-to-Go, “Interview”: Stay True to Your Brand’s ValuesIn the advertisement spot “Interview,” a young man interviewing for a job gets an anthropomorphized spot on his shirt, which talks to the interviewer, stealing the attention away from the interviewee. The young man uses his Tide-to-Go pen to make it disappear and, in doing so, reclaims the attention of the interviewer.The ad is humorous but, more important, it is wholesome and appeals to the “family brand” dynamic that P&G puts at the center of its identity. Ranked as the highest viewed ad in 2008, according to YouTube’s AdBlitz, the ad went viral when P&G asked consumers to create spoofs and variations on ad, showing new scenarios in which the quick-acting Tide-to-Go pen could be used. By staying true to the “family friendly” brand value of P&G in the ad’s tone, underlining the simplicity of the product, and asking families to chime in with their own ideas, Tide created a sense of wholesome community while showcasing the simplicity and ease-of-use of arguably their new flagship product.What’s the secret behind viral ad campaigns?The best advertisements of the decade are, in many ways, beholden to the time in which they were produced (e.g., you couldn’t use Facebook integration for your brand before 2004). Yet the lessons are timeless.Identifying and deconstructing norms, leveraging your company’s best market research, making your product social, giving consumers a sense of community with your brand, controlling your brand’s tone, and positioning your brand as either a market leader or an outsider depending on funding and brand image are lessons that can be applied to businesses across time.New technologies and research capabilities have made much of this easier and more streamlined, but they have also given consumers higher expectations. Use these lessons to meet these expectations. Then soar beyond them.


The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com.



Published on: Jun 28, 2015


















RECOMMENDED SLIDESHOW











































































