


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Check Any VIN - It's Free | Free VIN Check and Vehicle History

























RESEARCH ANY VEHICLE IN SECONDS


Search By Make and Model or VIN.

Click Here To Get Free Report







Research Vehicles
By Make and Model



Select Make




Loading Model...




Loading Year...




Search Now














Research and Compare

                    Research.com is the most comprehensive resource for researching new and used vehicles. We have simplified the process allowing you to compare automotive information using vehicle model and year or VIN.
                










Reviews


                    At Research.com we provide unlimited access to new and used car reviews and car history from automotive industry leaders. We make the complicated car-buying research and VIN  lookup simpler, saving you time and money.
                










Safety

                    Research.com has partnered with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to provide comprehensive ratings of each vehicle. Simply choose a vehicle model and year or VIN lookup to learn about safety features and equipment.
                









Features and Specs

                    Our database contains detailed specifications, features, technical, VIN decoder, VIN check, vehicle history and performance data for most any car on the market. Our vehicle information and free VIN check services are provided at no cost to you. Research.com is a free carfax alternative for reliable vehicle VIN data.

                











Latest Reviews




2017 Chevrolet Tahoe






LIKES

 Upright Styling
 Excellent new v-8 Drivetrain
 Big LCD love for the cabin
 Fold-flat seats - now with optional power folding
 Modern cockpit design




DISLIKES

 Upright Styling
 V-8 only - no diesel, no hybrid
 Size can be problematic in urban settings
Read Full Review








2017 Chevrolet Corvette





LIKES

 Striking Exterior Design
 Great V-8 power & torque
 Efficient for its performance level
 8-speed auto matches dual-clutch competition
 Supercar-level performance in Z06
                




DISLIKES

 Still a thirsty v-8 sports car around town
 Why no turbo V-6
 Body vents distract from lines
 Extreme function over form in Z06 aerodynamics
Read Full Review








2017 Jaguar F-Type






LIKES

 Electrifying styling
 Lighter weight compare to some rival
 A stunning V-8 exhaust note
 Muscular performance, no matter the cylinder count
 Revamped infotainment




DISLIKES

 Prices are rather high, no?
 All-wheel drive is a must-take on R variants
 Looks better from the rear, if that's a problem
Read Full Review








2017 Mazda 3






LIKES

 Phenomenal exterior
 Perky performance
 Good base equipment
 Solid safety record




DISLIKES

 Relatively disappointing interior
 Small-ish space
 Mixed interior material
Read Full Review




 


Best-Selling Cars


 Best-Selling Cars


Chevrolet Cruze
Chevrolet Malibu
Dodge Charger
Ford Focus
Ford Fusion
Honda Accord
Honda Civic
Hyundai Elantra
Hyundai Sonata
Kia Forte
Kia Optima
Kia Soul
Mercedes-Benz C-Class
Nissan Altima
Nissan Sentra
Nissan Versa
Toyota Camry
Toyota Corolla
Toyota Prius
Volkswagen Jetta


Best-Selling Luxury Vehicles

Acura MDX
Acura RDX
Audi Q5
BMW 3-Series
BMW X3
BMW X5
Cadillac XT5
Lexus ES
Lexus IS
Lexus NX
Lexus RX
Mercedes-Benz C-Class
Mercedes-Benz CLS-Class




Best-Selling SUVs

Chevrolet Equinox
Chevrolet Tahoe
Chevrolet Traverse
Ford Edge
Ford Escape
Ford Explorer
GMC Acadia
Honda CR-V
Honda Pilot
Hyundai Santa Fe
Jeep Cherokee
Jeep Grand Cherokee
Jeep Renegade
Jeep Wrangler
Kia Sorento
Nissan Rogue
Subaru Forester
Subaru Outback
Toyota Highlander
Toyota RAV4


 Best-Selling Pickup Trucks

Chevrolet Colorado
Chevrolet Silverado
Ford F-Series
GMC Canyon
GMC Sierra
Nissan Frontier
Nissan Titan
Ram
Toyota Tacoma
Toyota Tundra




Best-Selling Vehicles

Chevrolet Cruze
Chevrolet Equinox
Chevrolet Malibu
Chevrolet Silverado
Ford Escape
Ford Explorer
Ford F-Series
Ford Fusion
GMC Sierra
Honda Accord
Honda Civic
Honda CR-V
Hyundai Elantra
Hyundai Sonata
Jeep Cherokee
Jeep Grand Cherokee
Jeep Wrangler
Kia Optima
Kia Soul
Nissan Altima
Nissan Rogue
Nissan Sentra
Ram P/U
Subaru Forester
Subaru Outback
Toyota Camry
Toyota Corolla
Toyota Highlander
Toyota RAV4
Toyota Tacoma


Best-Selling Minivans

Chrysler Pacifica
Chrysler Town & Country
Dodge Grand Caravan
Honda Odyssey
Kia Sedona
Nissan Quest
Toyota Sienna




Available Manufacturers







                        Acura                    









                        Alfa Romeo                    









                        Am General                    









                        Aston Martin                    









                        Audi                    









                        Bentley                    









                        BMW                    









                        Bugatti                    









                        Buick                    









                        Cadillac                    









                        Chevrolet                    









                        Chrysler                    









                        Dodge                    









                        Ferrari                    









                        Fiat                    









                        Fisker                    









                        Ford                    









                        Genesis                    









                        GMC                    









                        Honda                    









                        Hummer                    









                        Hyundai                    









                        Infiniti                    









                        Isuzu                    









                        Jaguar                    









                        Jeep                    









                        Kia                    









                        Lamborghini                    









                        Land Rover                    









                        Lexus                    









                        Lincoln                    









                        Lotus                    









                        Maserati                    









                        Maybach                    









                        Mazda                    









                        Mclaren                    









                        Mercedes Benz                    









                        MINI                    









                        Mitsubishi                    









                        Nissan                    









                        Oldsmobile                    









                        Panoz                    









                        Pontiac                    









                        Porsche                    









                        Ram                    









                        Saturn                    









                        Scion                    









                        Smart                    









                        Spyker                    









                        Subaru                    









                        Tesla                    









                        Toyota                    









                        Volkswagen                    









                        Volvo                    









Automotive Information From Trusted Brands




 
 


 







 






 
 















                Research.com provides access to information we collect from public and third-party sources.  While the information is routinely updated, we cannot verify or guarantee its accuracy or completeness due to our lack of control of the sourced data.  By accessing the information provided you agree to do so at your own risk.  For details, please check out Terms of Service.  All images and content on Research.com are subject to copyright and trademark. A vehicle history report, also known as a VIN check or a VIN lookup, is an automotive data resource that provides information about the history of a particular vehicle. In order to provide accurate VIN reports we show data from NMVTIS.
                
                           
            


 Find us on 







 




























 









































FLIR Systems Appoints James J. Cannon President and CEO | 2017-05-23 | SDM Magazine


































Home » FLIR Systems Appoints James J. Cannon President and CEO
Trends & Industry IssuesVideo SolutionsSDM NewswireInsider News & BusinessBusiness Services & EducationProduct Manufacturing/Distribution
FLIR Systems Appoints James J. Cannon President and CEO





May 23, 2017


KEYWORDS security industry  /  security manufacturer

        Reprints
      






        No Comments
      



FLIR Systems Inc. appointed James J. Cannon president and CEO, effective June 19, 2017. Cannon will succeed Andy Teich, whose retirement after 33 years of service was previously announced on February 14, 2017.  
Cannon’s extensive and varied leadership experience, together with his proven operational expertise and ability to adapt business strategies to meet evolving market needs, makes him ideally suited to lead FLIR and its portfolio of innovative technology-based products and applications, FLIR reported in a press release. He previously served for more than 16 years in a variety of senior leadership positions at Stanley Black & Decker Inc., most recently as president of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets. Prior to that, Cannon was President of the company’s Industrial & Automotive Repair business unit, first in North America and subsequently in Europe and Latin America, before then serving as president of Stanley Oil & Gas. 
In addition to his global, cross-functional leadership experience at Stanley Black & Decker, Cannon served in the U.S. Army for 10 years as an infantryman and armor officer in a wide variety of assignments around the world, including Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in Iraq, where he learned to truly appreciate FLIR’s technology and was awarded a Combat Infantryman’s Badge. He later oversaw key security missions as part of the Army’s peace enforcement operations in Bosnia. 
“We are delighted to appoint a chief executive of Jim’s caliber,” said Earl R. Lewis, chairman of the FLIR board of directors. “Jim’s proven track record of achieving strong results in both business and the military make him uniquely well qualified to serve as FLIR’s next CEO. Our board of directors conducted a thorough search process, in which Jim distinguished himself as a true leader of leaders and demonstrated his experience and adaptability running business units worldwide. We’re confident he is the right person to lead FLIR’s dedicated employees. On behalf of the entire board, I’m pleased to welcome Jim and am excited to work closely with him as we continue to leverage the unique attributes of the FLIR brand and product portfolio to deliver increased value to our shareholders.”
Cannon said, “The opportunity to join this outstanding leadership team and serve alongside over 3,000 talented FLIR employees worldwide as the company’s next CEO is a great honor. The FLIR brand is synonymous with continuous innovation and delivering value to customers around the world. From my own personal experience having relied on FLIR technology as a combat veteran, I’ve seen firsthand the powerful, life-saving impact the company’s portfolio of solutions can have for our customers. Andy and the FLIR team have done a great job building out FLIR’s technology and business, and I’m excited to build on that success and drive further growth for the benefit of FLIR’s employees, customers, and shareholders.” 
Cannon serves on the board of directors of Lydall Inc. and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration/Marketing from the University of Tennessee in Chattanooga.  
Cannon will be based out of the Company’s Wilsonville, Oregon, headquarters.
 






Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to SDM Magazine. 





Related Articles

FLIR Systems Acquires DVTEL Inc.


Vin Bruno Steps Down as CEDIA Global President/CEO


Honeywell Security & Fire Appoints New President After Paja Exits


CANASA Appoints New Executive Director



Related Products

2014 Top Systems Integrators Report


SDM 100 Report


SDM Buyers Guide


Photonic Sensing: Principles and Applications for Safety and Security Monitoring



Related Events

Sales & support programs


Top Systems Integrator Report


How Cybersecure Are Security Systems?


SDM Systems Integrator of the Year



Related Directories

FLIR Systems Inc.


MoviTHERM


Viscount Systems Inc.


Cornerstone Billing Solutions












      You must login or register in order to post a comment.
  






Report Abusive Comment

Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why.



 








Subscribe For Free!













More Videos














Events

July 19, 2017
Apps Are Everywhere
SDM is expanding its rich monthly content into a new video roundtable webinar series, SDM Deep Dive Live — the business behind the stories, hosted by John Hunepohl.


August 16, 2017
Top Systems Integrator Report
SDM is expanding its rich monthly content into a new video roundtable webinar series, SDM Deep Dive Live — the business behind the stories, hosted by John Hunepohl.


View All
Submit An Event




Poll
How Do You Feel About Apps?

In your business, how useful do you find security-related apps? (Answer all that apply.)



1.	Customers love them!



2.	My customers like them but wish there was just one app to control everything.



3.	Apps that help me design or install are really useful.



4.	They are a necessary evil.



5.	I don’t think they are particularly helpful to me or my customers.



6.	Apps are the wave of the future.




View Results
Poll Archive


Products






SDM 100 Report

The SDM 100 Report ranks U.S. companies that earn their revenues from the sale, installation, service and monitoring of electronic security systems - such as intrusion and fire alarm, access control, video surveillance, and related low-voltage systems - to residential and non-residential customers.


See More Products
















SDM Magazine





2017 July
SDM’s Top Systems Integrators describe the sophisticated and creative solutions they provided to their clients last year. Read more stories in July Issue 2017.
View More
Subscribe





Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media.
Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing



















FLIR Systems Announces Appointment of James J. Cannon as President and CEOHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Nasdaq6,382.19-40.56 (-0.63%)FLIR Systems Announces Appointment of James J. Cannon as President and CEOMarketwiredMay 23, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareFLIR Systems Announces Appointment of James J. Cannon as President and CEO Click here for high-resolution versionMoreWILSONVILLE, OR--(Marketwired - May 23, 2017) - FLIR Systems, Inc. (  NASDAQ :  FLIR ) today announced that James J. ("Jim") Cannon has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective June 19, 2017. Mr. Cannon will succeed Andy Teich, whose retirement after 33 years of service was previously announced on February 14, 2017. Mr. Cannon's extensive and varied leadership experience, together with his proven operational expertise and ability to adapt business strategies to meet evolving market needs, makes him ideally suited to lead FLIR and its portfolio of innovative technology-based products and applications. He previously served for more than 16 years in a variety of senior leadership positions at Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., most recently as President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets. Prior to that, Mr. Cannon was President of the company's Industrial & Automotive Repair (IAR) business unit, first in North America and subsequently in Europe and Latin America, before then serving as President of Stanley Oil & Gas.In addition to his global, cross-functional leadership experience at Stanley Black & Decker, Mr. Cannon served in the U.S. Army for 10 years as an infantryman and armor officer in a wide variety of assignments around the world, including Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in Iraq, where he learned to truly appreciate FLIR's technology and was awarded a Combat Infantryman's Badge. He later oversaw key security missions as part of the Army's peace enforcement operations in Bosnia."We are delighted to appoint a chief executive of Jim's caliber," said Earl R. Lewis, Chairman of the FLIR Board of Directors. "Jim's proven track record of achieving strong results in both business and the military make him uniquely well qualified to serve as FLIR's next CEO. Our Board of Directors conducted a thorough search process, in which Jim distinguished himself as a true leader of leaders and demonstrated his experience and adaptability running business units worldwide. We're confident he is the right person to lead FLIR's dedicated employees. On behalf of the entire Board, I'm pleased to welcome Jim and am excited to work closely with him as we continue to leverage the unique attributes of the FLIR brand and product portfolio to deliver increased value to our shareholders.""The opportunity to join this outstanding leadership team and serve alongside over 3,000 talented FLIR employees worldwide as the Company's next CEO is a great honor," said Mr. Cannon. "The FLIR brand is synonymous with continuous innovation and delivering value to customers around the world. From my own personal experience having relied on FLIR technology as a combat veteran, I've seen firsthand the powerful, life-saving impact the Company's portfolio of solutions can have for our customers. Andy and the FLIR team have done a great job building out FLIR's technology and business, and I'm excited to build on that success and drive further growth for the benefit of FLIR's employees, customers, and shareholders."As President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets, Mr. Cannon held direct P&L responsibilities across five business units, managed over 5,000 employees, and oversaw the operations of numerous manufacturing plants and distribution centers. In this role, he successfully developed and executed a strategic plan that reduced complexity and cost while driving continued and sustained improvement. In his previous roles as President of Stanley Oil & Gas, President of IAR Europe & Latin America, and President of IAR North America, he demonstrated his operational skills by driving significant organic growth, increased efficiency, and improved profitability at each business unit. Mr. Cannon serves on the board of directors of Lydall, Inc. and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration/Marketing from the University of Tennessee in Chattanooga. Mr. Cannon will be based out of the Company's Wilsonville, Oregon headquarters.About FLIR Systems, Inc. Founded in 1978 and headquartered in Wilsonville, Oregon, FLIR Systems is a world-leading maker of sensor systems that enhance perception and heighten awareness, helping to save lives, improve productivity, and protect the environment. Through its nearly 3,500 employees, FLIR's vision is to be "The World's Sixth Sense" by leveraging thermal imaging and adjacent technologies to provide innovative, intelligent solutions for security and surveillance, environmental and condition monitoring, outdoor recreation, machine vision, navigation, and advanced threat detection. For more information, please visit www.flir.com and follow @flir.Read MoreForward-Looking Statements The statements of opinion in this release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about FLIR's business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including risks and uncertainties discussed from time to time in FLIR's Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and FLIR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release, or for changes made to this document by wire services or Internet service providers.Note to Editors: download additional information, images, and b-roll here. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3141950ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextScaramucci ignites fierce White House fight: 'Shiv in ribs'?Associated PressThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredHuge leak may confirm one of the hottest new features hiding in Apple’s iPhone 8BGR NewsBaby dies after days 'strapped in a car seat without food'The IndependentBuffalo Wild Wings is killing one of customers' favorite dealsBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe Latest: Operator says ride was inspected before accidentAssociated PressGOP senators hold press conference to demand assurances that GOP health plan does not become lawBusiness InsiderAmazon profit slumps 77 percent as costs surge, shares fallReutersZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceMarine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewellAssociated PressKellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k








FLIR Systems Announces Appointment of James J. Cannon as President and CEO  AmmolandAmmoLand Shooting Sports NewsMost Popular | Search Ammoland:  Home » Shooting Industry News   FLIR Systems Announces Appointment of James J. Cannon as President and CEO Posted on May 24, 2017May 24, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe Evans  James J. CannonWILSONVILLE, Ore. -(Ammoland.com)- FLIR Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: FLIR) today announced that James J. (“Jim”) Cannon has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective June 19, 2017.Mr. Cannon will succeed Andy Teich, whose retirement after 33 years of service was previously announced on February 14, 2017.Mr. Cannon’s extensive and varied leadership experience, together with his proven operational expertise and ability to adapt business strategies to meet evolving market needs, makes him ideally suited to lead FLIR and its portfolio of innovative technology-based products and applications.He previously served for more than 16 years in a variety of senior leadership positions at Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., most recently as President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets.Prior to that, Mr. Cannon was President of the company’s Industrial & Automotive Repair (IAR) business unit, first in North America and subsequently in Europe and Latin America, before then serving as President of Stanley Oil & Gas.In addition to his global, cross-functional leadership experience at Stanley Black & Decker, Mr. Cannon served in the U.S. Army for 10 years as an infantryman and armor officer in a wide variety of assignments around the world, including Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in Iraq, where he learned to truly appreciate FLIR’s technology and was awarded a Combat Infantryman’s Badge. He later oversaw key security missions as part of the Army’s peace enforcement operations in Bosnia.“We are delighted to appoint a chief executive of Jim’s caliber,” said Earl R. Lewis, Chairman of the FLIR Board of Directors. “Jim’s proven track record of achieving strong results in both business and the military make him uniquely well qualified to serve as FLIR’s next CEO. Our Board of Directors conducted a thorough search process, in which Jim distinguished himself as a true leader of leaders and demonstrated his experience and adaptability running business units worldwide. We’re confident he is the right person to lead FLIR’s dedicated employees. On behalf of the entire Board, I’m pleased to welcome Jim and am excited to work closely with him as we continue to leverage the unique attributes of the FLIR brand and product portfolio to deliver increased value to our shareholders.”“The opportunity to join this outstanding leadership team and serve alongside over 3,000 talented FLIR employees worldwide as the Company’s next CEO is a great honor,” said Mr. Cannon. “The FLIR brand is synonymous with continuous innovation and delivering value to customers around the world. From my own personal experience having relied on FLIR technology as a combat veteran, I’ve seen firsthand the powerful, life-saving impact the Company’s portfolio of solutions can have for our customers. Andy and the FLIR team have done a great job building out FLIR’s technology and business, and I’m excited to build on that success and drive further growth for the benefit of FLIR’s employees, customers, and shareholders.”As President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets, Mr. Cannon held direct P&L responsibilities across five business units, managed over 5,000 employees, and oversaw the operations of numerous manufacturing plants and distribution centers. In this role, he successfully developed and executed a strategic plan that reduced complexity and cost while driving continued and sustained improvement.In his previous roles as President of Stanley Oil & Gas, President of IAR Europe & Latin America, and President of IAR North America, he demonstrated his operational skills by driving significant organic growth, increased efficiency, and improved profitability at each business unit.Mr. Cannon serves on the board of directors of Lydall, Inc. and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration/Marketing from the University of Tennessee in Chattanooga.Mr. Cannon will be based out of the Company’s Wilsonville, Oregon headquarters. About FLIR Systems:FLIR Systems, Inc. is a world leader in the design, manufacture, and marketing of sensor systems that enhance perception and awareness. FLIR's advanced systems and components are used for a wide variety of thermal imaging, situational awareness, and security applications, including airborne and ground-based surveillance, condition monitoring, navigation, recreation, research and development, manufacturing process control, search and rescue, drug interdiction, transportation safety, border and maritime patrol, environmental monitoring, and chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) threat detection.For more information, visit FLIR’s website. Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment  Notify me of followup comments via e-mailName * Email *    Home Page | Recent Posts | Most Popular Recent CommentsSailboatbum: What to do for our pistol shooters?Wild Bill: @dueabo, A really good defense attorney that I know says, "Pick a reality that works."Wild Bill: @Alan, I believe that he is in Argentina.Wild Bill: I have several things from Frankford Arsenal. Each is something good.oldvet: Better yet it should be widely advertised , any illegal suspected of any felony will be deported to Gitmo.Editor’s PickMy Top 5 Shotgun Sights to Revitalize that Old SmoothborePlano Tactical Ammo Crate – Reporting For DutyBest Geissele Triggers – Reviews with Individual Trigger VIDEO DemosSmith & Wesson’s M&P 45 M2.0 Handgun – a New Big Bore CCW WeaponFive Best AR-15 Sling You Should Own ~ VideoMost Popular Posts5 Best Long Range ScopesTop Five Long Range Cartridges – The Best of the BestChanging Demographics Add Further Evidence of Greatest Threat to Gun Owner RightsCitizen Shoots Suspect Fleeing Scene Of Accident, But What Was the Threat?CMP Sales of 1911s One Step Closer With House Passage View AllDrop A TipTip Us*Got news? Send it to AmmoLand.Email* EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. [ammoland-next-post]You May Also LikeThe Birchwood Casey "Nest Rest" Provides Shooters a Solid BaseShooting Industry News AmmolandAmmoLand Shooting Sports NewsMost Popular | Search Ammoland:    Shooting Industry NewsThe latest news and information on all things from shooting industry. Ammoland covers product announcements corporate news and releases to keep you informed like shooting industry insider. Today is Thursday, July 27, 2017  RSS feed LaserMax, Inc. Sells Commercial Business to Compass/Crosman  Posted on July 27, 2017July 26, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansLaserMax, Inc. is a 28-year old technology company that specializes in hardening and miniaturizing laser and optical systems for hostile environments.Read More >>>  Riton USA & Aaron Tippin Partner to Give Back to Law Enforcement  Posted on July 26, 2017 by Michelle ScheuermannRiton USA and country music artist Aaron Tippin have teamed up during Tippin’s “25 Years” tour to honor local law enforcement at selected tour stops.Read More >>>  SPG Announces Steve McGrath as VP of Marketing & Public Relations  Posted on July 26, 2017 by HComSignature Products Group (SPG) is pleased to announce the promotion of Steve McGrath to Vice President of Marketing and Public Relations.Read More >>>  Sellmark Brands to Attend the 61st Annual AGLOW Conference  Posted on July 26, 2017July 26, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansThe 61st annual conference of the Association of Great Lakes Outdoor Writers (AGLOW) is taking place September 25-28th at Lake of the Woods, Minnesota.Read More >>>  Federal Premium, CCI Ammunition Support Youth Shooting Programs  Posted on July 26, 2017July 25, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansFederal Premium and CCI are now the Official Shooting Sports Partners of the Boy Scouts of America. The ammunition partnership supports 1,620 Scout Camps.Read More >>>  Apex Welcomes Zanders Sporting Goods As Newest Distributor  Posted on July 25, 2017 by AmmoLand Editor Duncan JohnsonApex Tactical Specialties is pleased to welcome Zanders Sporting Goods as its newest distributor helping deliver Apex’s popular products.Read More >>>  Honor Defense Partners with Jones & Company in the Southeast  Posted on July 25, 2017July 25, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansHonor Defense is pleased to announce a brand new partnership with Jones & Company for sales and marketing in the southeast.Read More >>>  Boone and Crockett Club Selects Ripcord as Official Rescue Insurance  Posted on July 25, 2017July 25, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansRipcord provides comprehensive coverage and services for hunters and adventurers with remote rescue, emergency evacuation.Read More >>>  SureFire To Exhibit At Outdoor Retailer Summer Market  Posted on July 24, 2017July 24, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansSureFire, LLC will be a featured exhibitor at the 2017 Outdoor Retailer Summer Market, held July 26th – 29th in Salt Lake City, Utah.Read More >>>  Sharps Rifle Company Completes Florida Manufacturing Investment  Posted on July 24, 2017July 24, 2017 by AmmoLand Editor Duncan JohnsonSharps Rifle Company completes multi-million dollar machining investment in Florida manufacturing facility.Read More >>>  Safariland Announces 2017 Safariland Training Group Conference  Posted on July 24, 2017 by AmmoLand Editor Duncan JohnsonThe Safariland Training Group today announces that their fall Conference will take place September 19-22, 2017 in Homestead, Fla.Read More >>>  Lancer Systems Exhibit at FBINAA Annual Training Conference, Exhibition  Posted on July 24, 2017July 24, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansLancer Systems LP, a leading advanced weapons company, will be exhibiting at FBINAA’s 53rd Annual Training Conference and Exhibition July 30th – August 2nd.Read More >>>  Adaptive Tactical Exhibiting at 2017 #Triggrcon  Posted on July 24, 2017July 21, 2017 by Laura BurgessAdaptive Tactical to display its shotgun and rifle accessories at Booth #407, July 27 – 30, 2017 in Tacoma, Washington..Read More >>>  Crosman Corporation Acquires Commercial Business of LaserMax  Posted on July 23, 2017July 21, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansCrosman Corporation announced the acquisition of LaserMax, Inc., a leading designer and manufacturer of gun mounted laser aiming devices.Read More >>>  NWTF, CPW and Land Board Form Unique Partnership to Buy Hydro AX  Posted on July 21, 2017July 21, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansWork to improve habitat for a variety of wildlife will now be conducted year-round across Colorado thanks to a unique new public-private partnership.Read More >>>  More Space For More Comp-Tac Holsters, Bigger & Better for 2017  Posted on July 21, 2017July 21, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansNew digs at Comp-Tac holsters offer better production flow for more, improved production, & a bunch of support operation improvements to help work get done.Read More >>>  Forests in the Farm Coalition Ask for Improvements on Next Farm Bill  Posted on July 21, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansThese forests play an integral role in our environment, in sustaining America’s rural economies, by providing more than 50 percent of the nation’s wood.Read More >>>  BIGshot Archery Teams Up with The Mason-Dixon Experiment!  Posted on July 21, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansBIGshot Archery is proud to announce sponsorship of The Mason-Dixon Experiment TV Show, airing on Gen7 Outdoors and The Hunt Channel.Read More >>>  New Mobile App Gets Customers Excited About Retail Gun Shopping Again  Posted on July 21, 2017 by Laura BurgessBubandu, a mobile tech company, has developed a mobile app for the firearms industry to help retailers find and keep customers.Read More >>>  Bergara Rifles Experiencing Enormous Demand During Industry Leveling Off  Posted on July 21, 2017 by Laura BurgessDue to hard work, an increase in name recognition & a growing reputation for impeccable rifles, Bergara Rifles has sees enormous increase in product demand.Read More >>>  DNA Labs International Confirms Suspect in 13-Year-Old Sexual Battery Case  Posted on July 21, 2017 by Laura BurgessDNA Labs International, a private forensic laboratory, determined the probability of paternity for the suspect in reference to the compared fetal material.Read More >>>  Davidson’s Promotes Josh Tucker  Posted on July 21, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansDavidson’s is pleased to announce the promotion of Josh Tucker. Josh has been promoted to the position of Information and Technology Application Manager.Read More >>>  Tread Lightly! Launches Campaign to Address Recreational Drone Issues  Posted on July 20, 2017July 20, 2017 by Ammoland Editor Joe EvansTread Lightly! launched a public awareness campaign with the U.S. Forest Service to promote responsible use of consumer drones.Read More >>>  Phil Scheible, President of Goldbelt Wolf, Joins NAPED Board of Directors  Posted on July 20, 2017 by Laura BurgessThe National Association of Police Equipment Distributors (NAPED) announce election of Phil Scheible, President of Goldbelt Wolf to the NAPED Board of Directors.Read More >>>  Buck & Sullivan Re-Elected as Leaders of the American Knife & Tool Institute  Posted on July 20, 2017 by AmmolandKnife Advocacy Organization Chooses CJ Buck and John Sullivan to Continue as the Organization’s President and Vice President.Read More >>>   Recent CommentsSailboatbum: What to do for our pistol shooters?Wild Bill: @dueabo, A really good defense attorney that I know says, "Pick a reality that works."Wild Bill: @Alan, I believe that he is in Argentina.Wild Bill: I have several things from Frankford Arsenal. Each is something good.oldvet: Better yet it should be widely advertised , any illegal suspected of any felony will be deported to Gitmo.Editor’s PickMy Top 5 Shotgun Sights to Revitalize that Old SmoothborePlano Tactical Ammo Crate – Reporting For DutyBest Geissele Triggers – Reviews with Individual Trigger VIDEO DemosSmith & Wesson’s M&P 45 M2.0 Handgun – a New Big Bore CCW WeaponFive Best AR-15 Sling You Should Own ~ VideoMost Popular Posts5 Best Long Range ScopesTop Five Long Range Cartridges – The Best of the BestChanging Demographics Add Further Evidence of Greatest Threat to Gun Owner RightsCitizen Shoots Suspect Fleeing Scene Of Accident, But What Was the Threat?CMP Sales of 1911s One Step Closer With House Passage View AllDrop A TipTip Us*Got news? Send it to AmmoLand.Email* NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.          This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. [ammoland-next-post]You May Also LikeRobbery Suspect Shot By 7-Eleven Clerk, In Critical Condition ~ VIDEO

FLIR Systems Appoints James J. Cannon as President &amp; CEO, by FLIR Systems - CERN Courier















































        This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. To find out more, see our Privacy and Cookies policy. 



Skip to the content


	
	International Journal of High-Energy Physics
	

Sign in
Forgotten your password?
Sign up






CERN Courier






Latest IssueArchiveJobsLinksBuyer's guideWhite papersEventsContact usContact usOur teamSubscribeAdvertising



Search








Buyer's guide


Buyer's guide home


A–Z companies


Add a company


Add a product












Product details
FLIR Systems Appoints James J. Cannon as President & CEO May 24, 2017

Company details





FLIR Systems

Luxemburgstraat 2

2321 Meer

Belgium



Tel: 
	+32 (0) 3665 5100



E-mail us
FLIR Systems Web site
FLIR Systems eCommerce site





View full-size image


		FLIR Systems, Inc. today announced that James J. (“Jim”) Cannon has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective June 19, 2017.
		
Request info

Mr. Cannon will succeed Andy Teich, whose retirement after 33 years of service was previously announced on February 14, 2017.
Mr. Cannon’s extensive and varied leadership experience, together with his proven operational expertise and ability to adapt business strategies to meet evolving market needs, makes him ideally suited to lead FLIR and its portfolio of innovative technology-based products and applications. He previously served for more than 16 years in a variety of senior leadership positions at Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., most recently as President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets.


Prior to that, Mr. Cannon was President of the company’s Industrial & Automotive Repair (IAR) business unit, first in North America and subsequently in Europe and Latin America, before then serving as President of Stanley Oil & Gas.
In addition to his global, cross-functional leadership experience at Stanley Black & Decker, Mr. Cannon served in the U.S. Army for 10 years as an infantryman and armor officer in a wide variety of assignments around the world, including Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in Iraq, where he learned to truly appreciate FLIR’s technology and was awarded a Combat Infantryman’s Badge. He later oversaw key security missions as part of the Army’s peace enforcement operations in Bosnia.
“We are delighted to appoint a chief executive of Jim’s caliber,” said Earl R. Lewis, Chairman of the FLIR Board of Directors. “Jim’s proven track record of achieving strong results in both business and the military make him uniquely well qualified to serve as FLIR’s next CEO. Our Board of Directors conducted a thorough search process, in which Jim distinguished himself as a true leader of leaders and demonstrated his experience and adaptability running business units worldwide. We’re confident he is the right person to lead FLIR’s dedicated employees. On behalf of the entire Board, I’m pleased to welcome Jim and am excited to work closely with him as we continue to leverage the unique attributes of the FLIR brand and product portfolio to deliver increased value to our shareholders.”
“The opportunity to join this outstanding leadership team and serve alongside over 3,000
talented FLIR employees worldwide as the Company’s next CEO is a great honor,” said Mr. Cannon. “The FLIR brand is synonymous with continuous innovation and delivering value to customers around the world. From my own personal experience having relied on FLIR technology as a combat veteran, I’ve seen firsthand the powerful, life-saving impact the Company’s portfolio of solutions can have for our customers. Andy and the FLIR team have done a great job building out FLIR’s technology and business, and I’m excited to build on that success and drive further growth for the benefit of FLIR’s employees, customers, and shareholders.”
As President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets, Mr. Cannon held direct P&L responsibilities across five business units, managed over 5,000 employees, and oversaw the operations of numerous manufacturing plants and distribution centers. In this role, he successfully developed and executed a strategic plan that reduced complexity and cost while driving continued and sustained improvement. In his previous roles as President of Stanley Oil & Gas, President of IAR Europe & Latin America, and President of IAR North America, he demonstrated his operational skills by driving significant organic growth, increased efficiency, and improved profitability at each business unit.
Mr. Cannon serves on the board of directors of Lydall, Inc. and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration/Marketing from the University of Tennessee in Chattanooga. Mr. Cannon will be based out of the Company’s Wilsonville, Oregon headquarters.
Founded in 1978 and headquartered in Wilsonville, Oregon, FLIR Systems is a world-leading maker of sensor systems that enhance perception and heighten awareness, helping to save lives, improve productivity, and protect the environment. Through its
nearly 3,500 employees, FLIR’s vision is to be “The World’s Sixth Sense” by leveraging thermal imaging and adjacent technologies to provide innovative, intelligent solutions for security and surveillance, environmental and condition monitoring, outdoor recreation,
machine vision, navigation, and advanced threat detection. For more information, please visit www.flir.com and follow @flir.

 

Categories

Image capture and digitalisation


Photographic equipment


CCD cameras


Full-colour


IR/Thermal


Slow-scan




More products from this company

Thermal Imaging Speeds Up Repair of Printed Circuit Boards
Jul 20, 2017
High Speed Infrared Detectors Aid Ballistic Testing
Jul 11, 2017
Thermal Imaging Camera for Electronics Development and Testing
May 23, 2017
High Definition Thermal Inspection Camera
May 11, 2017
Rapid Diode Laser Cladding of Large Components
Mar 30, 2017
Optical Gas Imaging Camera for Use Inside ATEX Zone 2 Locations
Mar 27, 2017
Intrinsically Safe Gas Detection Camera for Use in Potentially Explosive Atmosph
Jan 13, 2017
LWIR High-Speed Camera for R&D and Science
Jan 5, 2017
Next Generation Silicon Photonic Optical Network
Nov 30, 2016













CERN Courier RSS feed
Jobs RSS feed
Companies RSS feed
Products RSS feed
Events RSS feed




Latest IssueArchiveJobsLinksBuyer's guideWhite papersEventsContact us


Copyright
Privacy and Cookies Policy
Disclaimer
Terms
IOP Group
Environmental Policy


		
		Produced for CERN by IOP Publishing
		









James P. Cannon - Wikipedia






















 






James P. Cannon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see James Cannon.


James P. Cannon





Born
(1890-02-11)February 11, 1890
Rosedale, Kansas


Died
August 21, 1974(1974-08-21) (aged 84)
Los Angeles, California


Nationality
American


Political party
Socialist Workers Party


Movement
Trotskyism




Part of a series on


Socialism in
the United States




History
Utopian socialism

New Harmony
Brook Farm
Oneida Community
Icarians
Bishop Hill Commune


Progressive Era

St. Louis Commune
1912 Lawrence Textile Strike
Labor unionisation
Women's suffrage
Haymarket affair
May Day
Green Corn Rebellion


Repression and persecution

Espionage Act of 1917
First Red Scare
American Defense Society
American Protective League
Seattle General Strike
Communist Party USA and African Americans
Communism in the Labor Movement 1919–37
Communism in the Labor Movement 1937–50
McCarthyism
Smith Act / Smith Act trials
John Birch Society


Civil Rights / anti-War movements

COINTELPRO
New Left
Great Society
War on Poverty
Poor People's Campaign
Black Power movement








Active parties


Black Riders Liberation Party
Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism (CDCS)
Communist Party USA
Democratic Socialists of America
Freedom Road Socialist Organization
Freedom Socialist Party
Industrial Workers of the World
International Socialist Organization
Legal Marijuana Now Party
New Afrikan Black Panther Party
New Students for a Democratic Society
Party for Socialism and Liberation
Peace and Freedom Party
Progressive Labor Party
Revolutionary Communist Party
Socialist Action
Socialist Alternative
Socialist Equality Party
Socialist Organizer
Socialist Party
Socialist Workers Party
Spartacist League
Workers World Party
World Socialist Party of the United States








Defunct parties


American Labor Party
American Workers Party
Black Panther Party
Communist League of America
Communist Workers' Party
Democratic Socialist Federation
Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee
Farmer–Labor Party
Maoist Internationalist Movement
New American Movement
Proletarian Party of America
Puerto Rican Socialist Party
Social Democracy of America
Social Democratic Federation
Social Democratic Party of America
Social Democrats, USA
Socialist Labor Party of America
Socialist Party of America
Students for a Democratic Society
Weather Underground
White Panther Party
Workers Party of the United States
Youth International Party








Literature


The Jungle
Appeal to Reason
International Socialist Review
Looking Backward
The Other America
Daily Worker
Monthly Review
Voluntary Socialism
Monopoly Capital








Related topics


American Left
Anarchism
Anarchism in the United States
Socialism
Utopian socialism
Scientific socialism
Marxism
Marxism–Leninism
Labor history
Labor unions
Libertarian socialism
Labor laws
Minimum wage








 Socialism portal
 United States portal







v
t
e





James Patrick "Jim" Cannon (February 11, 1890 – August 21, 1974) was an American Trotskyist and a leader of the Socialist Workers Party.
Born on February 11, 1890 in Rosedale, Kansas, he joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1908 and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) in 1911. He was personally trained by "Big Bill" Haywood, a top IWW leader, and was an IWW organizer throughout the Midwest from 1912 through 1914.[1] Following his expulsion from the Communist Party USA in 1928, of which he had been a founding member and the National Chairman of its legal entity,[2] the Workers Party of America, Cannon was national secretary of the Communist League of America, Workers Party of the United States and Socialist Workers Party until his retirement and move to California in 1953. He was national chairman emeritus of the SWP when he died in Los Angeles on August 21, 1974.


Part of a series on


Trotskyism








Leon Trotsky
Fourth International








Marxism
Leninism
Russian Revolution





Concepts





Anti-Stalinism
Deformed workers' state
Degenerated workers' state
French Turn
Permanent revolution
Political revolution
Social revolution
Transitional demand
United front
World revolution





Key Trotskyists





James P. Cannon
Peter Taaffe
Tony Cliff
Pierre Frank
Ted Grant
Joseph Hansen
Gerry Healy
C. L. R. James
Pierre Lambert
Livio Maitan
Ernest Mandel
Nahuel Moreno
Michel Pablo





Internationals






Committee for a
Workers' International


Coordinating Committee for
the Refoundation of the
Fourth International


International Committee of
the Fourth International (ICFI)

FI Centre of Reconstruction

Fourth International
(Posadist)


Fourth International
(post-reunification)

International Communist League
International Marxist Tendency
International Socialist Tendency
International Workers' League
International Workers' Unity
Trotskyist Fraction
List of Trotskyist organizations by country





Branches





Orthodox Trotskyism
Third camp





Communism portal





v
t
e








Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Cannon in the early Communist movement
1.2 Cannon's turn to Trotskyism
1.3 Cannon in the SWP
1.4 Death and legacy


2 Works
3 Footnotes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Biography[edit]
Cannon in the early Communist movement[edit]
Cannon opposed World War I from an internationalist position and rallied to the Russian Revolution of 1917. The Bolshevik victory in Russia served to radicalize the Socialist Party of America and brought Cannon back to the organization. He was an active participant in the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party, an organized faction which sought to transform the SPA into a revolutionary socialist organization. In 1919, he was a founding member of the Communist Labor Party (CLP), forerunner of the Communist Party of America (CPA), although he did not personally attend the Chicago convention of the CLP due to insufficient party tenure in the SPA. He was, however, a part of the CLP's leadership from its earliest days, serving as District Secretary of the CLP for the states of Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska from the time of founding. He was also the editor of the left-wing Kansas City weekly, Worker's World, from 1919 to 1920, assuming the position when fellow Kansas syndicalist Earl Browder was sent to prison for his previous anti-war activities.
In May 1920, the CLP merged with a section of the CPA headed by C. E. Ruthenberg and Cannon was elected as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the new organization by the founding convention. He worked variously as the St. Louis District Organizer of the UCP in the summer of 1920 and as editor of the organization's labor newspaper, The Toiler, in October of that same year. This brought Cannon to New York City, where he was able to regularly sit on the meetings of the Central Executive Committee. After merger of the UCP with the remaining CPA organization, headed by Charles Dirba, Cannon was named the first Subdistrict Organizer of the unified organization for Duluth, Minnesota.
Cannon was on the Executive Board of the American Labor Alliance, one of the underground CPA's most important legal organizations, intended to bring mainstream trade unionists into common cause with the persecuted underground communist movement. In December 1921, Cannon delivered the keynote speech to the founding convention of the "legal political party" formed in parallel to the underground CPA, the Workers Party of America (WPA) and was elected National Chairman by that convention.
Cannon was elected by the CEC of the unified CPA as delegate of that organization to the Enlarged Plenum of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) and as formal party representative to the Red International of Labor Unions (RILU), leaving the USA in mid-May 1922 and arriving finally in Moscow on June 1. He stayed on there as a delegate of the American party to the 4th World Congress of the Comintern, where he was elected to the ECCI Presidium, serving from August through November, 1922. Back in America, Cannon was a member of the Executive Committee of the Friends of Soviet Russia from 1922. He was also a candidate of the WPA for the United States Congress from the New York 10th District in 1922. Cannon remained on the CEC of the WPA throughout this period.
On January 19, 1924, Cannon was named Assistant Executive Secretary of the Workers Party of America, working under his faction rival, Ruthenberg. He was the WPA's candidate for Governor of New York in 1924, and again returned to Moscow as a delegate of the party to the 5th Enlarged Plenum of ECCI, held in March and April 1925.
Cannon was an important factional leader in the American communist movement of the 1920s, sitting on the governing Central Executive Committee of the party in alliance with William Z. Foster, a Chicago-based group which looked to native-born American workers in the unions. Later in the decade, Cannon broke to an extent with Foster, heading up instead the party's legal defense arm, International Labor Defense (ILD). This organization served as a power base for Cannon and his associates.
Cannon was the Workers (Communist) Party's candidate for Congress in the New York 20th District in 1928.
Cannon's turn to Trotskyism[edit]




Cannon and Felix Morrow, with a bust of Trotsky.


While in Russia in 1928, Cannon read a critique of the direction of the Communist International written by Trotsky which the Comintern had mistakenly circulated. He was convinced of the arguments, and attempted to form a Left Opposition within the Workers (Communist) Party. This resulted in his expulsion on October 27, 1928, together with his co-thinkers Max Shachtman and Martin Abern.[3]
Outside of the Communist Party, Cannon, Shachtman, and Abern founded a new political party, the Communist League of America and began publishing The Militant. They came to see Hitler's crushing of the communist movement in Germany as evidence that the Comintern was no longer able to play a revolutionary role internationally and, with the remainder of the Third International under Stalin's control, unable to be internally reformed such that a new International and new parties were required.
Concretely this meant that they no longer considered the Communist League to be a faction of the Communist Party but rather considered it the nucleus of a future revolutionary party. It also meant that they were far more inclined to look at working with other sections of the reviving socialist and workers movements from this point forth. Although the Communist League had been a small organization — opponents dubbing Cannon, Abern and Shachtman "Three generals without an army" — it had won a majority of the Communist Party branch in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Therefore, when the labor movement revived in the early 1930s the Communist league was well placed to put its ideas into action in the Twin Cities and through their influence in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters the union rapidly grew after an historic dispute in 1934. Cannon played a major role in this dispute directing the work of the Communist League on a daily basis, along with Shachtman. In December 1934 the Communist League of America merged with pacifist A. J. Muste's American Workers Party to form the Workers Party of the United States.[citation needed]
Throughout 1935 and into 1936, the Workers Party was deeply divided over the so-called "French Turn." The Trotskyist organization in France had entered the social democratic party of that country — the Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière (SFIO) — and while maintaining themselves as an organized faction in the broader organization had made what were felt to be significant gains in advancing their programmatic goals and in winning adherents to their cause among young party members. This tactic had been subsequently endorsed by Trotsky himself, but the American party was deeply divided over the advisability of the maneuver. Jim Cannon was a forceful advocate of this tactic and was embroiled an inner-party fight to dissolve the Workers Party in favor of entry into the Socialist Party of America. Early in 1936, a convention of the Workers Party finally decided that the organization should enter the SP. This decision came at a cost, however, with a left wing faction led by Hugo Oehler refusing to join the Socialists and exiting to form the Revolutionary Workers League. A. J. Muste became disgusted as well and left the radical political movement to return to his roots in the church.[citation needed]
The Trotskyists' stay inside the Socialist Party lasted only about a year from mid-1936 until mid-1937. Admissions were made on an individual basis, rather than en masse. Chicago attorney and devoted Trotskyist Albert Goldman, who entered the SP about a year earlier than his comrades, launched a factionally-oriented newspaper called The Socialist Appeal, while Cannon headed west to Tujunga, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, to launch a western paper oriented to the trade union movement called Labor Action. Day-to-day operations of the organized Trotskyist faction in the Socialist Party during 1936-37 were handled by Shachtman and James Burnham in New York, while Cannon made what he later deemed as "futile attempts to participate in correspondence in the work of the New York center."[4] As the factional situation in the Socialist Party intensified early in 1937, the decision was made by the hostile New York party organization to expel the Trotskyists, which took place late in the spring of 1937. A large percentage of the SPA's youth organization, the Young People's Socialist League left with the expelled "Left Wing". James Cannon, was noted to have said, that when the Trotskyist were expelled from the Socialist Party that, “they had expelled the heart of their party; Trotsky had won over all the serious young activists, leaving only a dead husk”[5] In the summer of 1937, Cannon returned to New York from California, where he conducted organizational activities which led to the formation of the Socialist Workers Party at a convention held from December 31, 1937 to January 3, 1938. Jim Cannon was elected as the group's first National Secretary.[citation needed]James Cannon latter wrote that, our round trip through the Socialist party had resulted in gains all along the line. We formed the Socialist Workers Party and began once again an independent struggle with good prospects and good hopes".[6]
Cannon in the SWP[edit]
In addition to his activity in the Socialist Workers Party, Cannon was a leading figure in the Fourth International, the international Trotskyist movement, and visited Britain in 1938 with the intention of aiding the unification of the competing British groups. The result was a patched together unification, the Revolutionary Socialist League, which rapidly disintegrated.
In 1940, Shachtman left with a large part of the membership to form the Workers Party, with Shachtman and Burnham arguing that the Stalinists constituted a new bureaucratic class in the Soviet Union while Cannon, like Trotsky, felt that the Soviet Union should be defended despite Stalin's dictatorship[7] and invasion of Finland. This dispute is recorded in Cannon's book The Struggle for the Proletarian Party and in Trotsky's In Defense of Marxism. Nonetheless, Stalinists sought to punish both Cannon and Trotsky for their earlier defection from the Stalin-controlled Third International. Trotsky was killed by one of Stalin's NKVD agents and the CPUSA supported the US government's prosecution of Cannon and other American Trotskyites under the Smith Act,.[8] Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union, the largely Soviet-controlled CPUSA started to support US entry into the war; this gave the CPUSA a common interest with the US government, preparing to go to war, as against Cannon's SWP which was aiming to mobilize the working class against the war. Even after his conviction on the charge of conspiring to overthrow the government and his jailing, Cannon's influence on the SWP was strong and he wrote to party leaders regularly; for example, recommending a change the party line on the Warsaw Rising. Cannon's book 'Letters from Prison' contains many of these missives.
Following the war, Cannon resumed leadership of the SWP, but this role declined after he left the post of national secretary in 1953 to Farrell Dobbs. Cannon retired to California in the mid-1950s. However, he remained an active member of the party's Political Committee. Cannon was very much involved in the splits which developed in both the SWP and the FI in 1952. He took a leading role in guiding the public faction supported by the SWP, the International Committee of the Fourth International; and supported the eventual reunification of the two sides in 1963, which led to the formation of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International. He took no part in the various tendency disputes that developed between 1963 and 1967, except to decry firmer organizational norms developed by his erstwhile supporters. These letters are collected in Don't Strangle The Party.
Death and legacy[edit]
James P. Cannon died on August 21, 1974, aged 84. His papers are housed at the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison and are available on microfilm through interlibrary loan.
Works[edit]
A great deal of Cannon's writing has been collected, although volumes were issued non-sequentially by various publishers and are by no means exhaustive. In approximate chronological order of content, providing the publisher and date of first edition, these selected works volumes are:

The fifth year of the Russian revolution: a report of a lecture New York: Workers Party of America 1923.
Trade unions in America (with James P. Cannon and Earl Browder) Chicago, Ill. : Published for the Trade Union Educational League by the Daily worker 1925 (Little red library #1)
History of American Trotskyism, 1928–38, Report of a Participant
Leon Trotsky: memorial address "To the memory of the old man" New York : Pioneer Publishers for the Socialist Workers Party 1940
Socialism on trial: the official court record of James P. Cannon's testimony in the famous Minneapolis "sedition" trial. New York : Pioneer Publishers 1942
The workers and the Second World War: speech to the tenth National Convention of the Socialist Workers Party, Oct. 2-4, 1942 : with the political resolution adopted by the Convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
Defense policy in the Minneapolis trial. (contributor) New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
The struggle for a proletarian party New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 (2001 edition with new introduction)
The end of the Comintern New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 alternate link
The Russian revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
Why we are in prison: farewell speeches of the 18 SWP and 544-CIO Minneapolis prisoners. New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
The History of American Trotskyism: report of a participant New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
American Stalinism and anti-Stalinism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The coming American revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The Voice of socialism: radio speeches by the Socialist Workers Party candidates in the 1948 election New York, Pioneer Publishers 1948 alternate link
The road to peace according to Stalin and according to Lenin New York, Pioneer Publishers 1951 alternate link
America's road to socialism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1953 alternate link
The I.W.W.: on the fiftieth anniversary of the founding convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1955 (Pioneer pocket library #4)
The Debs centennial: written on the 100. anniversary of the birth of Eugene V. Debs New York, Pioneer Publishers 1956 (Pioneer pocket library #5) alternate link
Notebook of an Agitator. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1958
Socialist election policy in 1958 New York, Pioneer Publishers 1958
Socialism and democracy New York, Pioneer Publishers 1959
The First Ten Years of American Communism: Report of a Participant. New York: Lyle Stuart, 1962
Letters from prison, New York, Merit Publishers 1968
Peace politics vs revolutionary politics: Henry Wallace and the 1948 presidential campaign : report and summary of Socialist Workers Party election policy of 1948 New York, Young Socialist Alliance 1968
Leon Trotsky on labor party: stenographic report of discussion held in 1938 with leaders of the Socialist Workers Party (with others) New York: Bulletin Publications 1968
Defending the revolutionary party and its perspectives; [documents and speeches of the 1952-53 factional struggle and split in the Socialist Workers Party.]. New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1968
Speeches for Socialism. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1971.
Speeches to the Party: The Revolutionary Perspective and the Revolutionary Party. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1973.
The fight against fascism in the USA: forty years of struggle described by participants New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
What is American fascism?: writings on Father Coughlin, Mayor Frank Hague, and Senator Joseph McCarthy New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
Background to "The struggle for a proletarian party" New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1979
Don't strangle the party: three letters and a talk New York, NY : Fourth Internationalist Tendency ; Detroit, MI : Socialist Unity, 1986
James P. Cannon and the Early Years of American Communism: Selected Writings and Speeches, 1920-1928. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 1992.
Dog Days: James P. Cannon vs. Max Shachtman in the Communist League of America, 1931-1933. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 2002.

Collected writings and speeches

The Left Opposition in the US, 1928-31. New York: Monad Press, 1981.
The Communist League of America, 1932-34. New York: Monad Press, 1985.
The Socialist Workers Party in World War II. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1975. — Writings from 1940-1943.
The Struggle for Socialism in the "American Century". New York: Pathfinder Press, 1977. — Writings from 1945-1947.

Footnotes[edit]


^ Bio at reds.linefeed.org
^ Foreword to "The Russian Revolution", by James P. Cannon, Pioneer Publishers, N.Y., March, 1944.
^ "The Struggle Against Trotskyism and the Right Danger: Declaration by Central Committee of the Workers (Communist) Party of America," Daily Worker, vol. 5, no. 272 (November 16, 1928), pg. 3.
^ James P. Cannon, The Struggle for a Proletarian Party. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1943; pg. 54.
^ Constance, Ashton Myers (1977). The Prophets Army: Trotskyists in America, 1928-1941. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. p. 142. 
^ Cannon, James (1944). The History of American Trotskyism 1928-1938 (Third ed.). New York: Pathfinder Press. p. 300. 
^ James G Ryan, "James P. Cannon", in Biographical Dictionary of the American Left, edited by Bernard K. Johnpoll and Harvey Klehr. New York: Greenwood Press, 1986, pp. 62-65
^ John Earl Haynes. Red Scare or Red Menace?: American Communism and Anticommunism in the Cold War Era 30 (Ivan R. Dee 1996) ISBN 1-56663-090-8.


Further reading[edit]

George Breitman, Paul Le Blanc, and Alan Wald "Trotskyism in the United States: Historical Essays and Reconsiderations." New Jersey: Humanities Press, 1996.
Theodore Draper, The Roots of American Communism. New York: Viking, 1957.
Theodore Draper, American Communism and Soviet Russia. New York: Viking, 1960.
David Gillespie, "Challengers to Duopoly: Why Third Parties Matter in America Two-Party Politics." Columbia, SC: University of South Carolina Press, 2012.
Constance Ashton Myers, The Prophet's Army: Trotskyism in America, 1928-1941. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1977.
George Novack, "James P. Cannon, 1890-1974: A Tribute," International Socialist Review, vol. 35, no. 9 (Oct. 1974), pp. 6–9.
Bryan D. Palmer, James P. Cannon and the Origins of the American Revolutionary Left, 1890-1928. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2007.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: James P. Cannon



Works by or about James P. Cannon at Internet Archive
James P. Cannon Internet Archive, Marxists Internet Archive.
Finding Aid for James P. Cannon Papers, Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison, WI.
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography of James P. Cannon
Fred Mazelis, "Interview with Bryan Palmer, Biographer of James P. Cannon, Founder of American Trotskyism," World Socialist Web Site, September 28, 2007.
The Politics of James P. Cannon by Chris Bambery, International Socialism 36 (1987)



Party political offices


Preceded by
New position
National Secretary of the Socialist Workers Party
1938–1953
Succeeded by
Farrell Dobbs








v
t
e


Communist Party USA



Nominees




Presidential



1924: Foster
1928: Foster
1932: Foster
1936: Browder
1940: Browder
1968: Mitchell
1972: Hall
1976: Hall
1980: Hall
1984: Hall





Vice Presidential



1924: Gitlow
1928: Gitlow
1932: Ford
1936: Ford
1940: Ford
1968: Zagarell
1972: Tyner
1976: Tyner
1980: Davis
1984: Davis











Leaders



C. E. Ruthenberg (1919–1920; 1922–1927)
Alfred Wagenknecht (1919–1921)
Charles Dirba (1920–1921)
Louis Shapiro (late 1920)
L. E. Katterfeld (1921)
William Weinstone (1921–1922)
Jay Lovestone (1922; 1927–1929)
James P. Cannon (1921–1922)
Caleb Harrison (1921-1922)
Abram Jakira (1922–1923)
William Z. Foster (1929–1934)
Earl Browder (1934–1945)
Eugene Dennis (1945–1959)
William Z. Foster (1945–1957)
Gus Hall (1959–2000)
Sam Webb (2000–2014)
John Bachtell (2014–present)





Litigation



Albertson v. Subversive Activities Control Board
Aptheker v. Secretary of State
Communist Party v. Subversive Activities Control Board
De Jonge v. Oregon
Dennis v. United States
Kent v. Dulles
Keyishian v. Board of Regents
Noto v. United States
Scales v. United States
Smith Act trials
Watkins v. United States
Yates v. United States





Related articles



Communist Labor Party
English-language press

Non-English press


International Publishers
Language federation
National conventions
Relations with African-Americans
Young Communist League USA









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 49265621
LCCN: n50051959
ISNI: 0000 0000 8127 4281
GND: 129006076
SUDOC: 030162602
BNF: cb12163482v (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_P._Cannon&oldid=786157722"					
Categories: 1890 births1974 deathsPeople from Kansas City, KansasAmerican communistsCommunists from KansasAmerican socialistsAmerican MarxistsAmerican TrotskyistsIndustrial Workers of the World leadersIndustrial Workers of the World membersMembers of the Socialist Party of AmericaSocialist Workers Party (United States) politiciansMembers of the Communist Labor PartyMembers of the Communist League of AmericaMembers of the Workers Party of the United StatesMembers of the Socialist Workers Party (United States)New York gubernatorial candidatesAmerican anti-war activistsAmerican atheistsAmerican Comintern peopleAmerican political writersAmerican male writersPeople convicted under the Smith ActCommunist Party USA politiciansHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


تۆرکجهDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 16:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James P. Cannon - Wikipedia






















 






James P. Cannon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see James Cannon.


James P. Cannon





Born
(1890-02-11)February 11, 1890
Rosedale, Kansas


Died
August 21, 1974(1974-08-21) (aged 84)
Los Angeles, California


Nationality
American


Political party
Socialist Workers Party


Movement
Trotskyism




Part of a series on


Socialism in
the United States




History
Utopian socialism

New Harmony
Brook Farm
Oneida Community
Icarians
Bishop Hill Commune


Progressive Era

St. Louis Commune
1912 Lawrence Textile Strike
Labor unionisation
Women's suffrage
Haymarket affair
May Day
Green Corn Rebellion


Repression and persecution

Espionage Act of 1917
First Red Scare
American Defense Society
American Protective League
Seattle General Strike
Communist Party USA and African Americans
Communism in the Labor Movement 1919–37
Communism in the Labor Movement 1937–50
McCarthyism
Smith Act / Smith Act trials
John Birch Society


Civil Rights / anti-War movements

COINTELPRO
New Left
Great Society
War on Poverty
Poor People's Campaign
Black Power movement








Active parties


Black Riders Liberation Party
Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism (CDCS)
Communist Party USA
Democratic Socialists of America
Freedom Road Socialist Organization
Freedom Socialist Party
Industrial Workers of the World
International Socialist Organization
Legal Marijuana Now Party
New Afrikan Black Panther Party
New Students for a Democratic Society
Party for Socialism and Liberation
Peace and Freedom Party
Progressive Labor Party
Revolutionary Communist Party
Socialist Action
Socialist Alternative
Socialist Equality Party
Socialist Organizer
Socialist Party
Socialist Workers Party
Spartacist League
Workers World Party
World Socialist Party of the United States








Defunct parties


American Labor Party
American Workers Party
Black Panther Party
Communist League of America
Communist Workers' Party
Democratic Socialist Federation
Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee
Farmer–Labor Party
Maoist Internationalist Movement
New American Movement
Proletarian Party of America
Puerto Rican Socialist Party
Social Democracy of America
Social Democratic Federation
Social Democratic Party of America
Social Democrats, USA
Socialist Labor Party of America
Socialist Party of America
Students for a Democratic Society
Weather Underground
White Panther Party
Workers Party of the United States
Youth International Party








Literature


The Jungle
Appeal to Reason
International Socialist Review
Looking Backward
The Other America
Daily Worker
Monthly Review
Voluntary Socialism
Monopoly Capital








Related topics


American Left
Anarchism
Anarchism in the United States
Socialism
Utopian socialism
Scientific socialism
Marxism
Marxism–Leninism
Labor history
Labor unions
Libertarian socialism
Labor laws
Minimum wage








 Socialism portal
 United States portal







v
t
e





James Patrick "Jim" Cannon (February 11, 1890 – August 21, 1974) was an American Trotskyist and a leader of the Socialist Workers Party.
Born on February 11, 1890 in Rosedale, Kansas, he joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1908 and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) in 1911. He was personally trained by "Big Bill" Haywood, a top IWW leader, and was an IWW organizer throughout the Midwest from 1912 through 1914.[1] Following his expulsion from the Communist Party USA in 1928, of which he had been a founding member and the National Chairman of its legal entity,[2] the Workers Party of America, Cannon was national secretary of the Communist League of America, Workers Party of the United States and Socialist Workers Party until his retirement and move to California in 1953. He was national chairman emeritus of the SWP when he died in Los Angeles on August 21, 1974.


Part of a series on


Trotskyism








Leon Trotsky
Fourth International








Marxism
Leninism
Russian Revolution





Concepts





Anti-Stalinism
Deformed workers' state
Degenerated workers' state
French Turn
Permanent revolution
Political revolution
Social revolution
Transitional demand
United front
World revolution





Key Trotskyists





James P. Cannon
Peter Taaffe
Tony Cliff
Pierre Frank
Ted Grant
Joseph Hansen
Gerry Healy
C. L. R. James
Pierre Lambert
Livio Maitan
Ernest Mandel
Nahuel Moreno
Michel Pablo





Internationals






Committee for a
Workers' International


Coordinating Committee for
the Refoundation of the
Fourth International


International Committee of
the Fourth International (ICFI)

FI Centre of Reconstruction

Fourth International
(Posadist)


Fourth International
(post-reunification)

International Communist League
International Marxist Tendency
International Socialist Tendency
International Workers' League
International Workers' Unity
Trotskyist Fraction
List of Trotskyist organizations by country





Branches





Orthodox Trotskyism
Third camp





Communism portal





v
t
e








Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Cannon in the early Communist movement
1.2 Cannon's turn to Trotskyism
1.3 Cannon in the SWP
1.4 Death and legacy


2 Works
3 Footnotes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Biography[edit]
Cannon in the early Communist movement[edit]
Cannon opposed World War I from an internationalist position and rallied to the Russian Revolution of 1917. The Bolshevik victory in Russia served to radicalize the Socialist Party of America and brought Cannon back to the organization. He was an active participant in the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party, an organized faction which sought to transform the SPA into a revolutionary socialist organization. In 1919, he was a founding member of the Communist Labor Party (CLP), forerunner of the Communist Party of America (CPA), although he did not personally attend the Chicago convention of the CLP due to insufficient party tenure in the SPA. He was, however, a part of the CLP's leadership from its earliest days, serving as District Secretary of the CLP for the states of Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska from the time of founding. He was also the editor of the left-wing Kansas City weekly, Worker's World, from 1919 to 1920, assuming the position when fellow Kansas syndicalist Earl Browder was sent to prison for his previous anti-war activities.
In May 1920, the CLP merged with a section of the CPA headed by C. E. Ruthenberg and Cannon was elected as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the new organization by the founding convention. He worked variously as the St. Louis District Organizer of the UCP in the summer of 1920 and as editor of the organization's labor newspaper, The Toiler, in October of that same year. This brought Cannon to New York City, where he was able to regularly sit on the meetings of the Central Executive Committee. After merger of the UCP with the remaining CPA organization, headed by Charles Dirba, Cannon was named the first Subdistrict Organizer of the unified organization for Duluth, Minnesota.
Cannon was on the Executive Board of the American Labor Alliance, one of the underground CPA's most important legal organizations, intended to bring mainstream trade unionists into common cause with the persecuted underground communist movement. In December 1921, Cannon delivered the keynote speech to the founding convention of the "legal political party" formed in parallel to the underground CPA, the Workers Party of America (WPA) and was elected National Chairman by that convention.
Cannon was elected by the CEC of the unified CPA as delegate of that organization to the Enlarged Plenum of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) and as formal party representative to the Red International of Labor Unions (RILU), leaving the USA in mid-May 1922 and arriving finally in Moscow on June 1. He stayed on there as a delegate of the American party to the 4th World Congress of the Comintern, where he was elected to the ECCI Presidium, serving from August through November, 1922. Back in America, Cannon was a member of the Executive Committee of the Friends of Soviet Russia from 1922. He was also a candidate of the WPA for the United States Congress from the New York 10th District in 1922. Cannon remained on the CEC of the WPA throughout this period.
On January 19, 1924, Cannon was named Assistant Executive Secretary of the Workers Party of America, working under his faction rival, Ruthenberg. He was the WPA's candidate for Governor of New York in 1924, and again returned to Moscow as a delegate of the party to the 5th Enlarged Plenum of ECCI, held in March and April 1925.
Cannon was an important factional leader in the American communist movement of the 1920s, sitting on the governing Central Executive Committee of the party in alliance with William Z. Foster, a Chicago-based group which looked to native-born American workers in the unions. Later in the decade, Cannon broke to an extent with Foster, heading up instead the party's legal defense arm, International Labor Defense (ILD). This organization served as a power base for Cannon and his associates.
Cannon was the Workers (Communist) Party's candidate for Congress in the New York 20th District in 1928.
Cannon's turn to Trotskyism[edit]




Cannon and Felix Morrow, with a bust of Trotsky.


While in Russia in 1928, Cannon read a critique of the direction of the Communist International written by Trotsky which the Comintern had mistakenly circulated. He was convinced of the arguments, and attempted to form a Left Opposition within the Workers (Communist) Party. This resulted in his expulsion on October 27, 1928, together with his co-thinkers Max Shachtman and Martin Abern.[3]
Outside of the Communist Party, Cannon, Shachtman, and Abern founded a new political party, the Communist League of America and began publishing The Militant. They came to see Hitler's crushing of the communist movement in Germany as evidence that the Comintern was no longer able to play a revolutionary role internationally and, with the remainder of the Third International under Stalin's control, unable to be internally reformed such that a new International and new parties were required.
Concretely this meant that they no longer considered the Communist League to be a faction of the Communist Party but rather considered it the nucleus of a future revolutionary party. It also meant that they were far more inclined to look at working with other sections of the reviving socialist and workers movements from this point forth. Although the Communist League had been a small organization — opponents dubbing Cannon, Abern and Shachtman "Three generals without an army" — it had won a majority of the Communist Party branch in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Therefore, when the labor movement revived in the early 1930s the Communist league was well placed to put its ideas into action in the Twin Cities and through their influence in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters the union rapidly grew after an historic dispute in 1934. Cannon played a major role in this dispute directing the work of the Communist League on a daily basis, along with Shachtman. In December 1934 the Communist League of America merged with pacifist A. J. Muste's American Workers Party to form the Workers Party of the United States.[citation needed]
Throughout 1935 and into 1936, the Workers Party was deeply divided over the so-called "French Turn." The Trotskyist organization in France had entered the social democratic party of that country — the Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière (SFIO) — and while maintaining themselves as an organized faction in the broader organization had made what were felt to be significant gains in advancing their programmatic goals and in winning adherents to their cause among young party members. This tactic had been subsequently endorsed by Trotsky himself, but the American party was deeply divided over the advisability of the maneuver. Jim Cannon was a forceful advocate of this tactic and was embroiled an inner-party fight to dissolve the Workers Party in favor of entry into the Socialist Party of America. Early in 1936, a convention of the Workers Party finally decided that the organization should enter the SP. This decision came at a cost, however, with a left wing faction led by Hugo Oehler refusing to join the Socialists and exiting to form the Revolutionary Workers League. A. J. Muste became disgusted as well and left the radical political movement to return to his roots in the church.[citation needed]
The Trotskyists' stay inside the Socialist Party lasted only about a year from mid-1936 until mid-1937. Admissions were made on an individual basis, rather than en masse. Chicago attorney and devoted Trotskyist Albert Goldman, who entered the SP about a year earlier than his comrades, launched a factionally-oriented newspaper called The Socialist Appeal, while Cannon headed west to Tujunga, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, to launch a western paper oriented to the trade union movement called Labor Action. Day-to-day operations of the organized Trotskyist faction in the Socialist Party during 1936-37 were handled by Shachtman and James Burnham in New York, while Cannon made what he later deemed as "futile attempts to participate in correspondence in the work of the New York center."[4] As the factional situation in the Socialist Party intensified early in 1937, the decision was made by the hostile New York party organization to expel the Trotskyists, which took place late in the spring of 1937. A large percentage of the SPA's youth organization, the Young People's Socialist League left with the expelled "Left Wing". James Cannon, was noted to have said, that when the Trotskyist were expelled from the Socialist Party that, “they had expelled the heart of their party; Trotsky had won over all the serious young activists, leaving only a dead husk”[5] In the summer of 1937, Cannon returned to New York from California, where he conducted organizational activities which led to the formation of the Socialist Workers Party at a convention held from December 31, 1937 to January 3, 1938. Jim Cannon was elected as the group's first National Secretary.[citation needed]James Cannon latter wrote that, our round trip through the Socialist party had resulted in gains all along the line. We formed the Socialist Workers Party and began once again an independent struggle with good prospects and good hopes".[6]
Cannon in the SWP[edit]
In addition to his activity in the Socialist Workers Party, Cannon was a leading figure in the Fourth International, the international Trotskyist movement, and visited Britain in 1938 with the intention of aiding the unification of the competing British groups. The result was a patched together unification, the Revolutionary Socialist League, which rapidly disintegrated.
In 1940, Shachtman left with a large part of the membership to form the Workers Party, with Shachtman and Burnham arguing that the Stalinists constituted a new bureaucratic class in the Soviet Union while Cannon, like Trotsky, felt that the Soviet Union should be defended despite Stalin's dictatorship[7] and invasion of Finland. This dispute is recorded in Cannon's book The Struggle for the Proletarian Party and in Trotsky's In Defense of Marxism. Nonetheless, Stalinists sought to punish both Cannon and Trotsky for their earlier defection from the Stalin-controlled Third International. Trotsky was killed by one of Stalin's NKVD agents and the CPUSA supported the US government's prosecution of Cannon and other American Trotskyites under the Smith Act,.[8] Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union, the largely Soviet-controlled CPUSA started to support US entry into the war; this gave the CPUSA a common interest with the US government, preparing to go to war, as against Cannon's SWP which was aiming to mobilize the working class against the war. Even after his conviction on the charge of conspiring to overthrow the government and his jailing, Cannon's influence on the SWP was strong and he wrote to party leaders regularly; for example, recommending a change the party line on the Warsaw Rising. Cannon's book 'Letters from Prison' contains many of these missives.
Following the war, Cannon resumed leadership of the SWP, but this role declined after he left the post of national secretary in 1953 to Farrell Dobbs. Cannon retired to California in the mid-1950s. However, he remained an active member of the party's Political Committee. Cannon was very much involved in the splits which developed in both the SWP and the FI in 1952. He took a leading role in guiding the public faction supported by the SWP, the International Committee of the Fourth International; and supported the eventual reunification of the two sides in 1963, which led to the formation of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International. He took no part in the various tendency disputes that developed between 1963 and 1967, except to decry firmer organizational norms developed by his erstwhile supporters. These letters are collected in Don't Strangle The Party.
Death and legacy[edit]
James P. Cannon died on August 21, 1974, aged 84. His papers are housed at the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison and are available on microfilm through interlibrary loan.
Works[edit]
A great deal of Cannon's writing has been collected, although volumes were issued non-sequentially by various publishers and are by no means exhaustive. In approximate chronological order of content, providing the publisher and date of first edition, these selected works volumes are:

The fifth year of the Russian revolution: a report of a lecture New York: Workers Party of America 1923.
Trade unions in America (with James P. Cannon and Earl Browder) Chicago, Ill. : Published for the Trade Union Educational League by the Daily worker 1925 (Little red library #1)
History of American Trotskyism, 1928–38, Report of a Participant
Leon Trotsky: memorial address "To the memory of the old man" New York : Pioneer Publishers for the Socialist Workers Party 1940
Socialism on trial: the official court record of James P. Cannon's testimony in the famous Minneapolis "sedition" trial. New York : Pioneer Publishers 1942
The workers and the Second World War: speech to the tenth National Convention of the Socialist Workers Party, Oct. 2-4, 1942 : with the political resolution adopted by the Convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
Defense policy in the Minneapolis trial. (contributor) New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
The struggle for a proletarian party New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 (2001 edition with new introduction)
The end of the Comintern New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 alternate link
The Russian revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
Why we are in prison: farewell speeches of the 18 SWP and 544-CIO Minneapolis prisoners. New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
The History of American Trotskyism: report of a participant New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
American Stalinism and anti-Stalinism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The coming American revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The Voice of socialism: radio speeches by the Socialist Workers Party candidates in the 1948 election New York, Pioneer Publishers 1948 alternate link
The road to peace according to Stalin and according to Lenin New York, Pioneer Publishers 1951 alternate link
America's road to socialism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1953 alternate link
The I.W.W.: on the fiftieth anniversary of the founding convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1955 (Pioneer pocket library #4)
The Debs centennial: written on the 100. anniversary of the birth of Eugene V. Debs New York, Pioneer Publishers 1956 (Pioneer pocket library #5) alternate link
Notebook of an Agitator. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1958
Socialist election policy in 1958 New York, Pioneer Publishers 1958
Socialism and democracy New York, Pioneer Publishers 1959
The First Ten Years of American Communism: Report of a Participant. New York: Lyle Stuart, 1962
Letters from prison, New York, Merit Publishers 1968
Peace politics vs revolutionary politics: Henry Wallace and the 1948 presidential campaign : report and summary of Socialist Workers Party election policy of 1948 New York, Young Socialist Alliance 1968
Leon Trotsky on labor party: stenographic report of discussion held in 1938 with leaders of the Socialist Workers Party (with others) New York: Bulletin Publications 1968
Defending the revolutionary party and its perspectives; [documents and speeches of the 1952-53 factional struggle and split in the Socialist Workers Party.]. New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1968
Speeches for Socialism. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1971.
Speeches to the Party: The Revolutionary Perspective and the Revolutionary Party. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1973.
The fight against fascism in the USA: forty years of struggle described by participants New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
What is American fascism?: writings on Father Coughlin, Mayor Frank Hague, and Senator Joseph McCarthy New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
Background to "The struggle for a proletarian party" New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1979
Don't strangle the party: three letters and a talk New York, NY : Fourth Internationalist Tendency ; Detroit, MI : Socialist Unity, 1986
James P. Cannon and the Early Years of American Communism: Selected Writings and Speeches, 1920-1928. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 1992.
Dog Days: James P. Cannon vs. Max Shachtman in the Communist League of America, 1931-1933. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 2002.

Collected writings and speeches

The Left Opposition in the US, 1928-31. New York: Monad Press, 1981.
The Communist League of America, 1932-34. New York: Monad Press, 1985.
The Socialist Workers Party in World War II. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1975. — Writings from 1940-1943.
The Struggle for Socialism in the "American Century". New York: Pathfinder Press, 1977. — Writings from 1945-1947.

Footnotes[edit]


^ Bio at reds.linefeed.org
^ Foreword to "The Russian Revolution", by James P. Cannon, Pioneer Publishers, N.Y., March, 1944.
^ "The Struggle Against Trotskyism and the Right Danger: Declaration by Central Committee of the Workers (Communist) Party of America," Daily Worker, vol. 5, no. 272 (November 16, 1928), pg. 3.
^ James P. Cannon, The Struggle for a Proletarian Party. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1943; pg. 54.
^ Constance, Ashton Myers (1977). The Prophets Army: Trotskyists in America, 1928-1941. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. p. 142. 
^ Cannon, James (1944). The History of American Trotskyism 1928-1938 (Third ed.). New York: Pathfinder Press. p. 300. 
^ James G Ryan, "James P. Cannon", in Biographical Dictionary of the American Left, edited by Bernard K. Johnpoll and Harvey Klehr. New York: Greenwood Press, 1986, pp. 62-65
^ John Earl Haynes. Red Scare or Red Menace?: American Communism and Anticommunism in the Cold War Era 30 (Ivan R. Dee 1996) ISBN 1-56663-090-8.


Further reading[edit]

George Breitman, Paul Le Blanc, and Alan Wald "Trotskyism in the United States: Historical Essays and Reconsiderations." New Jersey: Humanities Press, 1996.
Theodore Draper, The Roots of American Communism. New York: Viking, 1957.
Theodore Draper, American Communism and Soviet Russia. New York: Viking, 1960.
David Gillespie, "Challengers to Duopoly: Why Third Parties Matter in America Two-Party Politics." Columbia, SC: University of South Carolina Press, 2012.
Constance Ashton Myers, The Prophet's Army: Trotskyism in America, 1928-1941. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1977.
George Novack, "James P. Cannon, 1890-1974: A Tribute," International Socialist Review, vol. 35, no. 9 (Oct. 1974), pp. 6–9.
Bryan D. Palmer, James P. Cannon and the Origins of the American Revolutionary Left, 1890-1928. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2007.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: James P. Cannon



Works by or about James P. Cannon at Internet Archive
James P. Cannon Internet Archive, Marxists Internet Archive.
Finding Aid for James P. Cannon Papers, Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison, WI.
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography of James P. Cannon
Fred Mazelis, "Interview with Bryan Palmer, Biographer of James P. Cannon, Founder of American Trotskyism," World Socialist Web Site, September 28, 2007.
The Politics of James P. Cannon by Chris Bambery, International Socialism 36 (1987)



Party political offices


Preceded by
New position
National Secretary of the Socialist Workers Party
1938–1953
Succeeded by
Farrell Dobbs








v
t
e


Communist Party USA



Nominees




Presidential



1924: Foster
1928: Foster
1932: Foster
1936: Browder
1940: Browder
1968: Mitchell
1972: Hall
1976: Hall
1980: Hall
1984: Hall





Vice Presidential



1924: Gitlow
1928: Gitlow
1932: Ford
1936: Ford
1940: Ford
1968: Zagarell
1972: Tyner
1976: Tyner
1980: Davis
1984: Davis











Leaders



C. E. Ruthenberg (1919–1920; 1922–1927)
Alfred Wagenknecht (1919–1921)
Charles Dirba (1920–1921)
Louis Shapiro (late 1920)
L. E. Katterfeld (1921)
William Weinstone (1921–1922)
Jay Lovestone (1922; 1927–1929)
James P. Cannon (1921–1922)
Caleb Harrison (1921-1922)
Abram Jakira (1922–1923)
William Z. Foster (1929–1934)
Earl Browder (1934–1945)
Eugene Dennis (1945–1959)
William Z. Foster (1945–1957)
Gus Hall (1959–2000)
Sam Webb (2000–2014)
John Bachtell (2014–present)





Litigation



Albertson v. Subversive Activities Control Board
Aptheker v. Secretary of State
Communist Party v. Subversive Activities Control Board
De Jonge v. Oregon
Dennis v. United States
Kent v. Dulles
Keyishian v. Board of Regents
Noto v. United States
Scales v. United States
Smith Act trials
Watkins v. United States
Yates v. United States





Related articles



Communist Labor Party
English-language press

Non-English press


International Publishers
Language federation
National conventions
Relations with African-Americans
Young Communist League USA









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 49265621
LCCN: n50051959
ISNI: 0000 0000 8127 4281
GND: 129006076
SUDOC: 030162602
BNF: cb12163482v (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_P._Cannon&oldid=786157722"					
Categories: 1890 births1974 deathsPeople from Kansas City, KansasAmerican communistsCommunists from KansasAmerican socialistsAmerican MarxistsAmerican TrotskyistsIndustrial Workers of the World leadersIndustrial Workers of the World membersMembers of the Socialist Party of AmericaSocialist Workers Party (United States) politiciansMembers of the Communist Labor PartyMembers of the Communist League of AmericaMembers of the Workers Party of the United StatesMembers of the Socialist Workers Party (United States)New York gubernatorial candidatesAmerican anti-war activistsAmerican atheistsAmerican Comintern peopleAmerican political writersAmerican male writersPeople convicted under the Smith ActCommunist Party USA politiciansHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


تۆرکجهDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 16:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James P. Cannon - Wikipedia






















 






James P. Cannon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see James Cannon.


James P. Cannon





Born
(1890-02-11)February 11, 1890
Rosedale, Kansas


Died
August 21, 1974(1974-08-21) (aged 84)
Los Angeles, California


Nationality
American


Political party
Socialist Workers Party


Movement
Trotskyism




Part of a series on


Socialism in
the United States




History
Utopian socialism

New Harmony
Brook Farm
Oneida Community
Icarians
Bishop Hill Commune


Progressive Era

St. Louis Commune
1912 Lawrence Textile Strike
Labor unionisation
Women's suffrage
Haymarket affair
May Day
Green Corn Rebellion


Repression and persecution

Espionage Act of 1917
First Red Scare
American Defense Society
American Protective League
Seattle General Strike
Communist Party USA and African Americans
Communism in the Labor Movement 1919–37
Communism in the Labor Movement 1937–50
McCarthyism
Smith Act / Smith Act trials
John Birch Society


Civil Rights / anti-War movements

COINTELPRO
New Left
Great Society
War on Poverty
Poor People's Campaign
Black Power movement








Active parties


Black Riders Liberation Party
Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism (CDCS)
Communist Party USA
Democratic Socialists of America
Freedom Road Socialist Organization
Freedom Socialist Party
Industrial Workers of the World
International Socialist Organization
Legal Marijuana Now Party
New Afrikan Black Panther Party
New Students for a Democratic Society
Party for Socialism and Liberation
Peace and Freedom Party
Progressive Labor Party
Revolutionary Communist Party
Socialist Action
Socialist Alternative
Socialist Equality Party
Socialist Organizer
Socialist Party
Socialist Workers Party
Spartacist League
Workers World Party
World Socialist Party of the United States








Defunct parties


American Labor Party
American Workers Party
Black Panther Party
Communist League of America
Communist Workers' Party
Democratic Socialist Federation
Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee
Farmer–Labor Party
Maoist Internationalist Movement
New American Movement
Proletarian Party of America
Puerto Rican Socialist Party
Social Democracy of America
Social Democratic Federation
Social Democratic Party of America
Social Democrats, USA
Socialist Labor Party of America
Socialist Party of America
Students for a Democratic Society
Weather Underground
White Panther Party
Workers Party of the United States
Youth International Party








Literature


The Jungle
Appeal to Reason
International Socialist Review
Looking Backward
The Other America
Daily Worker
Monthly Review
Voluntary Socialism
Monopoly Capital








Related topics


American Left
Anarchism
Anarchism in the United States
Socialism
Utopian socialism
Scientific socialism
Marxism
Marxism–Leninism
Labor history
Labor unions
Libertarian socialism
Labor laws
Minimum wage








 Socialism portal
 United States portal







v
t
e





James Patrick "Jim" Cannon (February 11, 1890 – August 21, 1974) was an American Trotskyist and a leader of the Socialist Workers Party.
Born on February 11, 1890 in Rosedale, Kansas, he joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1908 and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) in 1911. He was personally trained by "Big Bill" Haywood, a top IWW leader, and was an IWW organizer throughout the Midwest from 1912 through 1914.[1] Following his expulsion from the Communist Party USA in 1928, of which he had been a founding member and the National Chairman of its legal entity,[2] the Workers Party of America, Cannon was national secretary of the Communist League of America, Workers Party of the United States and Socialist Workers Party until his retirement and move to California in 1953. He was national chairman emeritus of the SWP when he died in Los Angeles on August 21, 1974.


Part of a series on


Trotskyism








Leon Trotsky
Fourth International








Marxism
Leninism
Russian Revolution





Concepts





Anti-Stalinism
Deformed workers' state
Degenerated workers' state
French Turn
Permanent revolution
Political revolution
Social revolution
Transitional demand
United front
World revolution





Key Trotskyists





James P. Cannon
Peter Taaffe
Tony Cliff
Pierre Frank
Ted Grant
Joseph Hansen
Gerry Healy
C. L. R. James
Pierre Lambert
Livio Maitan
Ernest Mandel
Nahuel Moreno
Michel Pablo





Internationals






Committee for a
Workers' International


Coordinating Committee for
the Refoundation of the
Fourth International


International Committee of
the Fourth International (ICFI)

FI Centre of Reconstruction

Fourth International
(Posadist)


Fourth International
(post-reunification)

International Communist League
International Marxist Tendency
International Socialist Tendency
International Workers' League
International Workers' Unity
Trotskyist Fraction
List of Trotskyist organizations by country





Branches





Orthodox Trotskyism
Third camp





Communism portal





v
t
e








Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Cannon in the early Communist movement
1.2 Cannon's turn to Trotskyism
1.3 Cannon in the SWP
1.4 Death and legacy


2 Works
3 Footnotes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Biography[edit]
Cannon in the early Communist movement[edit]
Cannon opposed World War I from an internationalist position and rallied to the Russian Revolution of 1917. The Bolshevik victory in Russia served to radicalize the Socialist Party of America and brought Cannon back to the organization. He was an active participant in the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party, an organized faction which sought to transform the SPA into a revolutionary socialist organization. In 1919, he was a founding member of the Communist Labor Party (CLP), forerunner of the Communist Party of America (CPA), although he did not personally attend the Chicago convention of the CLP due to insufficient party tenure in the SPA. He was, however, a part of the CLP's leadership from its earliest days, serving as District Secretary of the CLP for the states of Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska from the time of founding. He was also the editor of the left-wing Kansas City weekly, Worker's World, from 1919 to 1920, assuming the position when fellow Kansas syndicalist Earl Browder was sent to prison for his previous anti-war activities.
In May 1920, the CLP merged with a section of the CPA headed by C. E. Ruthenberg and Cannon was elected as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the new organization by the founding convention. He worked variously as the St. Louis District Organizer of the UCP in the summer of 1920 and as editor of the organization's labor newspaper, The Toiler, in October of that same year. This brought Cannon to New York City, where he was able to regularly sit on the meetings of the Central Executive Committee. After merger of the UCP with the remaining CPA organization, headed by Charles Dirba, Cannon was named the first Subdistrict Organizer of the unified organization for Duluth, Minnesota.
Cannon was on the Executive Board of the American Labor Alliance, one of the underground CPA's most important legal organizations, intended to bring mainstream trade unionists into common cause with the persecuted underground communist movement. In December 1921, Cannon delivered the keynote speech to the founding convention of the "legal political party" formed in parallel to the underground CPA, the Workers Party of America (WPA) and was elected National Chairman by that convention.
Cannon was elected by the CEC of the unified CPA as delegate of that organization to the Enlarged Plenum of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) and as formal party representative to the Red International of Labor Unions (RILU), leaving the USA in mid-May 1922 and arriving finally in Moscow on June 1. He stayed on there as a delegate of the American party to the 4th World Congress of the Comintern, where he was elected to the ECCI Presidium, serving from August through November, 1922. Back in America, Cannon was a member of the Executive Committee of the Friends of Soviet Russia from 1922. He was also a candidate of the WPA for the United States Congress from the New York 10th District in 1922. Cannon remained on the CEC of the WPA throughout this period.
On January 19, 1924, Cannon was named Assistant Executive Secretary of the Workers Party of America, working under his faction rival, Ruthenberg. He was the WPA's candidate for Governor of New York in 1924, and again returned to Moscow as a delegate of the party to the 5th Enlarged Plenum of ECCI, held in March and April 1925.
Cannon was an important factional leader in the American communist movement of the 1920s, sitting on the governing Central Executive Committee of the party in alliance with William Z. Foster, a Chicago-based group which looked to native-born American workers in the unions. Later in the decade, Cannon broke to an extent with Foster, heading up instead the party's legal defense arm, International Labor Defense (ILD). This organization served as a power base for Cannon and his associates.
Cannon was the Workers (Communist) Party's candidate for Congress in the New York 20th District in 1928.
Cannon's turn to Trotskyism[edit]




Cannon and Felix Morrow, with a bust of Trotsky.


While in Russia in 1928, Cannon read a critique of the direction of the Communist International written by Trotsky which the Comintern had mistakenly circulated. He was convinced of the arguments, and attempted to form a Left Opposition within the Workers (Communist) Party. This resulted in his expulsion on October 27, 1928, together with his co-thinkers Max Shachtman and Martin Abern.[3]
Outside of the Communist Party, Cannon, Shachtman, and Abern founded a new political party, the Communist League of America and began publishing The Militant. They came to see Hitler's crushing of the communist movement in Germany as evidence that the Comintern was no longer able to play a revolutionary role internationally and, with the remainder of the Third International under Stalin's control, unable to be internally reformed such that a new International and new parties were required.
Concretely this meant that they no longer considered the Communist League to be a faction of the Communist Party but rather considered it the nucleus of a future revolutionary party. It also meant that they were far more inclined to look at working with other sections of the reviving socialist and workers movements from this point forth. Although the Communist League had been a small organization — opponents dubbing Cannon, Abern and Shachtman "Three generals without an army" — it had won a majority of the Communist Party branch in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Therefore, when the labor movement revived in the early 1930s the Communist league was well placed to put its ideas into action in the Twin Cities and through their influence in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters the union rapidly grew after an historic dispute in 1934. Cannon played a major role in this dispute directing the work of the Communist League on a daily basis, along with Shachtman. In December 1934 the Communist League of America merged with pacifist A. J. Muste's American Workers Party to form the Workers Party of the United States.[citation needed]
Throughout 1935 and into 1936, the Workers Party was deeply divided over the so-called "French Turn." The Trotskyist organization in France had entered the social democratic party of that country — the Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière (SFIO) — and while maintaining themselves as an organized faction in the broader organization had made what were felt to be significant gains in advancing their programmatic goals and in winning adherents to their cause among young party members. This tactic had been subsequently endorsed by Trotsky himself, but the American party was deeply divided over the advisability of the maneuver. Jim Cannon was a forceful advocate of this tactic and was embroiled an inner-party fight to dissolve the Workers Party in favor of entry into the Socialist Party of America. Early in 1936, a convention of the Workers Party finally decided that the organization should enter the SP. This decision came at a cost, however, with a left wing faction led by Hugo Oehler refusing to join the Socialists and exiting to form the Revolutionary Workers League. A. J. Muste became disgusted as well and left the radical political movement to return to his roots in the church.[citation needed]
The Trotskyists' stay inside the Socialist Party lasted only about a year from mid-1936 until mid-1937. Admissions were made on an individual basis, rather than en masse. Chicago attorney and devoted Trotskyist Albert Goldman, who entered the SP about a year earlier than his comrades, launched a factionally-oriented newspaper called The Socialist Appeal, while Cannon headed west to Tujunga, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, to launch a western paper oriented to the trade union movement called Labor Action. Day-to-day operations of the organized Trotskyist faction in the Socialist Party during 1936-37 were handled by Shachtman and James Burnham in New York, while Cannon made what he later deemed as "futile attempts to participate in correspondence in the work of the New York center."[4] As the factional situation in the Socialist Party intensified early in 1937, the decision was made by the hostile New York party organization to expel the Trotskyists, which took place late in the spring of 1937. A large percentage of the SPA's youth organization, the Young People's Socialist League left with the expelled "Left Wing". James Cannon, was noted to have said, that when the Trotskyist were expelled from the Socialist Party that, “they had expelled the heart of their party; Trotsky had won over all the serious young activists, leaving only a dead husk”[5] In the summer of 1937, Cannon returned to New York from California, where he conducted organizational activities which led to the formation of the Socialist Workers Party at a convention held from December 31, 1937 to January 3, 1938. Jim Cannon was elected as the group's first National Secretary.[citation needed]James Cannon latter wrote that, our round trip through the Socialist party had resulted in gains all along the line. We formed the Socialist Workers Party and began once again an independent struggle with good prospects and good hopes".[6]
Cannon in the SWP[edit]
In addition to his activity in the Socialist Workers Party, Cannon was a leading figure in the Fourth International, the international Trotskyist movement, and visited Britain in 1938 with the intention of aiding the unification of the competing British groups. The result was a patched together unification, the Revolutionary Socialist League, which rapidly disintegrated.
In 1940, Shachtman left with a large part of the membership to form the Workers Party, with Shachtman and Burnham arguing that the Stalinists constituted a new bureaucratic class in the Soviet Union while Cannon, like Trotsky, felt that the Soviet Union should be defended despite Stalin's dictatorship[7] and invasion of Finland. This dispute is recorded in Cannon's book The Struggle for the Proletarian Party and in Trotsky's In Defense of Marxism. Nonetheless, Stalinists sought to punish both Cannon and Trotsky for their earlier defection from the Stalin-controlled Third International. Trotsky was killed by one of Stalin's NKVD agents and the CPUSA supported the US government's prosecution of Cannon and other American Trotskyites under the Smith Act,.[8] Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union, the largely Soviet-controlled CPUSA started to support US entry into the war; this gave the CPUSA a common interest with the US government, preparing to go to war, as against Cannon's SWP which was aiming to mobilize the working class against the war. Even after his conviction on the charge of conspiring to overthrow the government and his jailing, Cannon's influence on the SWP was strong and he wrote to party leaders regularly; for example, recommending a change the party line on the Warsaw Rising. Cannon's book 'Letters from Prison' contains many of these missives.
Following the war, Cannon resumed leadership of the SWP, but this role declined after he left the post of national secretary in 1953 to Farrell Dobbs. Cannon retired to California in the mid-1950s. However, he remained an active member of the party's Political Committee. Cannon was very much involved in the splits which developed in both the SWP and the FI in 1952. He took a leading role in guiding the public faction supported by the SWP, the International Committee of the Fourth International; and supported the eventual reunification of the two sides in 1963, which led to the formation of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International. He took no part in the various tendency disputes that developed between 1963 and 1967, except to decry firmer organizational norms developed by his erstwhile supporters. These letters are collected in Don't Strangle The Party.
Death and legacy[edit]
James P. Cannon died on August 21, 1974, aged 84. His papers are housed at the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison and are available on microfilm through interlibrary loan.
Works[edit]
A great deal of Cannon's writing has been collected, although volumes were issued non-sequentially by various publishers and are by no means exhaustive. In approximate chronological order of content, providing the publisher and date of first edition, these selected works volumes are:

The fifth year of the Russian revolution: a report of a lecture New York: Workers Party of America 1923.
Trade unions in America (with James P. Cannon and Earl Browder) Chicago, Ill. : Published for the Trade Union Educational League by the Daily worker 1925 (Little red library #1)
History of American Trotskyism, 1928–38, Report of a Participant
Leon Trotsky: memorial address "To the memory of the old man" New York : Pioneer Publishers for the Socialist Workers Party 1940
Socialism on trial: the official court record of James P. Cannon's testimony in the famous Minneapolis "sedition" trial. New York : Pioneer Publishers 1942
The workers and the Second World War: speech to the tenth National Convention of the Socialist Workers Party, Oct. 2-4, 1942 : with the political resolution adopted by the Convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
Defense policy in the Minneapolis trial. (contributor) New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
The struggle for a proletarian party New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 (2001 edition with new introduction)
The end of the Comintern New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 alternate link
The Russian revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
Why we are in prison: farewell speeches of the 18 SWP and 544-CIO Minneapolis prisoners. New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
The History of American Trotskyism: report of a participant New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
American Stalinism and anti-Stalinism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The coming American revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The Voice of socialism: radio speeches by the Socialist Workers Party candidates in the 1948 election New York, Pioneer Publishers 1948 alternate link
The road to peace according to Stalin and according to Lenin New York, Pioneer Publishers 1951 alternate link
America's road to socialism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1953 alternate link
The I.W.W.: on the fiftieth anniversary of the founding convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1955 (Pioneer pocket library #4)
The Debs centennial: written on the 100. anniversary of the birth of Eugene V. Debs New York, Pioneer Publishers 1956 (Pioneer pocket library #5) alternate link
Notebook of an Agitator. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1958
Socialist election policy in 1958 New York, Pioneer Publishers 1958
Socialism and democracy New York, Pioneer Publishers 1959
The First Ten Years of American Communism: Report of a Participant. New York: Lyle Stuart, 1962
Letters from prison, New York, Merit Publishers 1968
Peace politics vs revolutionary politics: Henry Wallace and the 1948 presidential campaign : report and summary of Socialist Workers Party election policy of 1948 New York, Young Socialist Alliance 1968
Leon Trotsky on labor party: stenographic report of discussion held in 1938 with leaders of the Socialist Workers Party (with others) New York: Bulletin Publications 1968
Defending the revolutionary party and its perspectives; [documents and speeches of the 1952-53 factional struggle and split in the Socialist Workers Party.]. New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1968
Speeches for Socialism. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1971.
Speeches to the Party: The Revolutionary Perspective and the Revolutionary Party. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1973.
The fight against fascism in the USA: forty years of struggle described by participants New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
What is American fascism?: writings on Father Coughlin, Mayor Frank Hague, and Senator Joseph McCarthy New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
Background to "The struggle for a proletarian party" New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1979
Don't strangle the party: three letters and a talk New York, NY : Fourth Internationalist Tendency ; Detroit, MI : Socialist Unity, 1986
James P. Cannon and the Early Years of American Communism: Selected Writings and Speeches, 1920-1928. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 1992.
Dog Days: James P. Cannon vs. Max Shachtman in the Communist League of America, 1931-1933. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 2002.

Collected writings and speeches

The Left Opposition in the US, 1928-31. New York: Monad Press, 1981.
The Communist League of America, 1932-34. New York: Monad Press, 1985.
The Socialist Workers Party in World War II. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1975. — Writings from 1940-1943.
The Struggle for Socialism in the "American Century". New York: Pathfinder Press, 1977. — Writings from 1945-1947.

Footnotes[edit]


^ Bio at reds.linefeed.org
^ Foreword to "The Russian Revolution", by James P. Cannon, Pioneer Publishers, N.Y., March, 1944.
^ "The Struggle Against Trotskyism and the Right Danger: Declaration by Central Committee of the Workers (Communist) Party of America," Daily Worker, vol. 5, no. 272 (November 16, 1928), pg. 3.
^ James P. Cannon, The Struggle for a Proletarian Party. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1943; pg. 54.
^ Constance, Ashton Myers (1977). The Prophets Army: Trotskyists in America, 1928-1941. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. p. 142. 
^ Cannon, James (1944). The History of American Trotskyism 1928-1938 (Third ed.). New York: Pathfinder Press. p. 300. 
^ James G Ryan, "James P. Cannon", in Biographical Dictionary of the American Left, edited by Bernard K. Johnpoll and Harvey Klehr. New York: Greenwood Press, 1986, pp. 62-65
^ John Earl Haynes. Red Scare or Red Menace?: American Communism and Anticommunism in the Cold War Era 30 (Ivan R. Dee 1996) ISBN 1-56663-090-8.


Further reading[edit]

George Breitman, Paul Le Blanc, and Alan Wald "Trotskyism in the United States: Historical Essays and Reconsiderations." New Jersey: Humanities Press, 1996.
Theodore Draper, The Roots of American Communism. New York: Viking, 1957.
Theodore Draper, American Communism and Soviet Russia. New York: Viking, 1960.
David Gillespie, "Challengers to Duopoly: Why Third Parties Matter in America Two-Party Politics." Columbia, SC: University of South Carolina Press, 2012.
Constance Ashton Myers, The Prophet's Army: Trotskyism in America, 1928-1941. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1977.
George Novack, "James P. Cannon, 1890-1974: A Tribute," International Socialist Review, vol. 35, no. 9 (Oct. 1974), pp. 6–9.
Bryan D. Palmer, James P. Cannon and the Origins of the American Revolutionary Left, 1890-1928. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2007.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: James P. Cannon



Works by or about James P. Cannon at Internet Archive
James P. Cannon Internet Archive, Marxists Internet Archive.
Finding Aid for James P. Cannon Papers, Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison, WI.
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography of James P. Cannon
Fred Mazelis, "Interview with Bryan Palmer, Biographer of James P. Cannon, Founder of American Trotskyism," World Socialist Web Site, September 28, 2007.
The Politics of James P. Cannon by Chris Bambery, International Socialism 36 (1987)



Party political offices


Preceded by
New position
National Secretary of the Socialist Workers Party
1938–1953
Succeeded by
Farrell Dobbs








v
t
e


Communist Party USA



Nominees




Presidential



1924: Foster
1928: Foster
1932: Foster
1936: Browder
1940: Browder
1968: Mitchell
1972: Hall
1976: Hall
1980: Hall
1984: Hall





Vice Presidential



1924: Gitlow
1928: Gitlow
1932: Ford
1936: Ford
1940: Ford
1968: Zagarell
1972: Tyner
1976: Tyner
1980: Davis
1984: Davis











Leaders



C. E. Ruthenberg (1919–1920; 1922–1927)
Alfred Wagenknecht (1919–1921)
Charles Dirba (1920–1921)
Louis Shapiro (late 1920)
L. E. Katterfeld (1921)
William Weinstone (1921–1922)
Jay Lovestone (1922; 1927–1929)
James P. Cannon (1921–1922)
Caleb Harrison (1921-1922)
Abram Jakira (1922–1923)
William Z. Foster (1929–1934)
Earl Browder (1934–1945)
Eugene Dennis (1945–1959)
William Z. Foster (1945–1957)
Gus Hall (1959–2000)
Sam Webb (2000–2014)
John Bachtell (2014–present)





Litigation



Albertson v. Subversive Activities Control Board
Aptheker v. Secretary of State
Communist Party v. Subversive Activities Control Board
De Jonge v. Oregon
Dennis v. United States
Kent v. Dulles
Keyishian v. Board of Regents
Noto v. United States
Scales v. United States
Smith Act trials
Watkins v. United States
Yates v. United States





Related articles



Communist Labor Party
English-language press

Non-English press


International Publishers
Language federation
National conventions
Relations with African-Americans
Young Communist League USA









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 49265621
LCCN: n50051959
ISNI: 0000 0000 8127 4281
GND: 129006076
SUDOC: 030162602
BNF: cb12163482v (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_P._Cannon&oldid=786157722"					
Categories: 1890 births1974 deathsPeople from Kansas City, KansasAmerican communistsCommunists from KansasAmerican socialistsAmerican MarxistsAmerican TrotskyistsIndustrial Workers of the World leadersIndustrial Workers of the World membersMembers of the Socialist Party of AmericaSocialist Workers Party (United States) politiciansMembers of the Communist Labor PartyMembers of the Communist League of AmericaMembers of the Workers Party of the United StatesMembers of the Socialist Workers Party (United States)New York gubernatorial candidatesAmerican anti-war activistsAmerican atheistsAmerican Comintern peopleAmerican political writersAmerican male writersPeople convicted under the Smith ActCommunist Party USA politiciansHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


تۆرکجهDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 16:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James P. Cannon - Wikipedia






















 






James P. Cannon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see James Cannon.


James P. Cannon





Born
(1890-02-11)February 11, 1890
Rosedale, Kansas


Died
August 21, 1974(1974-08-21) (aged 84)
Los Angeles, California


Nationality
American


Political party
Socialist Workers Party


Movement
Trotskyism




Part of a series on


Socialism in
the United States




History
Utopian socialism

New Harmony
Brook Farm
Oneida Community
Icarians
Bishop Hill Commune


Progressive Era

St. Louis Commune
1912 Lawrence Textile Strike
Labor unionisation
Women's suffrage
Haymarket affair
May Day
Green Corn Rebellion


Repression and persecution

Espionage Act of 1917
First Red Scare
American Defense Society
American Protective League
Seattle General Strike
Communist Party USA and African Americans
Communism in the Labor Movement 1919–37
Communism in the Labor Movement 1937–50
McCarthyism
Smith Act / Smith Act trials
John Birch Society


Civil Rights / anti-War movements

COINTELPRO
New Left
Great Society
War on Poverty
Poor People's Campaign
Black Power movement








Active parties


Black Riders Liberation Party
Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism (CDCS)
Communist Party USA
Democratic Socialists of America
Freedom Road Socialist Organization
Freedom Socialist Party
Industrial Workers of the World
International Socialist Organization
Legal Marijuana Now Party
New Afrikan Black Panther Party
New Students for a Democratic Society
Party for Socialism and Liberation
Peace and Freedom Party
Progressive Labor Party
Revolutionary Communist Party
Socialist Action
Socialist Alternative
Socialist Equality Party
Socialist Organizer
Socialist Party
Socialist Workers Party
Spartacist League
Workers World Party
World Socialist Party of the United States








Defunct parties


American Labor Party
American Workers Party
Black Panther Party
Communist League of America
Communist Workers' Party
Democratic Socialist Federation
Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee
Farmer–Labor Party
Maoist Internationalist Movement
New American Movement
Proletarian Party of America
Puerto Rican Socialist Party
Social Democracy of America
Social Democratic Federation
Social Democratic Party of America
Social Democrats, USA
Socialist Labor Party of America
Socialist Party of America
Students for a Democratic Society
Weather Underground
White Panther Party
Workers Party of the United States
Youth International Party








Literature


The Jungle
Appeal to Reason
International Socialist Review
Looking Backward
The Other America
Daily Worker
Monthly Review
Voluntary Socialism
Monopoly Capital








Related topics


American Left
Anarchism
Anarchism in the United States
Socialism
Utopian socialism
Scientific socialism
Marxism
Marxism–Leninism
Labor history
Labor unions
Libertarian socialism
Labor laws
Minimum wage








 Socialism portal
 United States portal







v
t
e





James Patrick "Jim" Cannon (February 11, 1890 – August 21, 1974) was an American Trotskyist and a leader of the Socialist Workers Party.
Born on February 11, 1890 in Rosedale, Kansas, he joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1908 and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) in 1911. He was personally trained by "Big Bill" Haywood, a top IWW leader, and was an IWW organizer throughout the Midwest from 1912 through 1914.[1] Following his expulsion from the Communist Party USA in 1928, of which he had been a founding member and the National Chairman of its legal entity,[2] the Workers Party of America, Cannon was national secretary of the Communist League of America, Workers Party of the United States and Socialist Workers Party until his retirement and move to California in 1953. He was national chairman emeritus of the SWP when he died in Los Angeles on August 21, 1974.


Part of a series on


Trotskyism








Leon Trotsky
Fourth International








Marxism
Leninism
Russian Revolution





Concepts





Anti-Stalinism
Deformed workers' state
Degenerated workers' state
French Turn
Permanent revolution
Political revolution
Social revolution
Transitional demand
United front
World revolution





Key Trotskyists





James P. Cannon
Peter Taaffe
Tony Cliff
Pierre Frank
Ted Grant
Joseph Hansen
Gerry Healy
C. L. R. James
Pierre Lambert
Livio Maitan
Ernest Mandel
Nahuel Moreno
Michel Pablo





Internationals






Committee for a
Workers' International


Coordinating Committee for
the Refoundation of the
Fourth International


International Committee of
the Fourth International (ICFI)

FI Centre of Reconstruction

Fourth International
(Posadist)


Fourth International
(post-reunification)

International Communist League
International Marxist Tendency
International Socialist Tendency
International Workers' League
International Workers' Unity
Trotskyist Fraction
List of Trotskyist organizations by country





Branches





Orthodox Trotskyism
Third camp





Communism portal





v
t
e








Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Cannon in the early Communist movement
1.2 Cannon's turn to Trotskyism
1.3 Cannon in the SWP
1.4 Death and legacy


2 Works
3 Footnotes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Biography[edit]
Cannon in the early Communist movement[edit]
Cannon opposed World War I from an internationalist position and rallied to the Russian Revolution of 1917. The Bolshevik victory in Russia served to radicalize the Socialist Party of America and brought Cannon back to the organization. He was an active participant in the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party, an organized faction which sought to transform the SPA into a revolutionary socialist organization. In 1919, he was a founding member of the Communist Labor Party (CLP), forerunner of the Communist Party of America (CPA), although he did not personally attend the Chicago convention of the CLP due to insufficient party tenure in the SPA. He was, however, a part of the CLP's leadership from its earliest days, serving as District Secretary of the CLP for the states of Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska from the time of founding. He was also the editor of the left-wing Kansas City weekly, Worker's World, from 1919 to 1920, assuming the position when fellow Kansas syndicalist Earl Browder was sent to prison for his previous anti-war activities.
In May 1920, the CLP merged with a section of the CPA headed by C. E. Ruthenberg and Cannon was elected as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the new organization by the founding convention. He worked variously as the St. Louis District Organizer of the UCP in the summer of 1920 and as editor of the organization's labor newspaper, The Toiler, in October of that same year. This brought Cannon to New York City, where he was able to regularly sit on the meetings of the Central Executive Committee. After merger of the UCP with the remaining CPA organization, headed by Charles Dirba, Cannon was named the first Subdistrict Organizer of the unified organization for Duluth, Minnesota.
Cannon was on the Executive Board of the American Labor Alliance, one of the underground CPA's most important legal organizations, intended to bring mainstream trade unionists into common cause with the persecuted underground communist movement. In December 1921, Cannon delivered the keynote speech to the founding convention of the "legal political party" formed in parallel to the underground CPA, the Workers Party of America (WPA) and was elected National Chairman by that convention.
Cannon was elected by the CEC of the unified CPA as delegate of that organization to the Enlarged Plenum of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) and as formal party representative to the Red International of Labor Unions (RILU), leaving the USA in mid-May 1922 and arriving finally in Moscow on June 1. He stayed on there as a delegate of the American party to the 4th World Congress of the Comintern, where he was elected to the ECCI Presidium, serving from August through November, 1922. Back in America, Cannon was a member of the Executive Committee of the Friends of Soviet Russia from 1922. He was also a candidate of the WPA for the United States Congress from the New York 10th District in 1922. Cannon remained on the CEC of the WPA throughout this period.
On January 19, 1924, Cannon was named Assistant Executive Secretary of the Workers Party of America, working under his faction rival, Ruthenberg. He was the WPA's candidate for Governor of New York in 1924, and again returned to Moscow as a delegate of the party to the 5th Enlarged Plenum of ECCI, held in March and April 1925.
Cannon was an important factional leader in the American communist movement of the 1920s, sitting on the governing Central Executive Committee of the party in alliance with William Z. Foster, a Chicago-based group which looked to native-born American workers in the unions. Later in the decade, Cannon broke to an extent with Foster, heading up instead the party's legal defense arm, International Labor Defense (ILD). This organization served as a power base for Cannon and his associates.
Cannon was the Workers (Communist) Party's candidate for Congress in the New York 20th District in 1928.
Cannon's turn to Trotskyism[edit]




Cannon and Felix Morrow, with a bust of Trotsky.


While in Russia in 1928, Cannon read a critique of the direction of the Communist International written by Trotsky which the Comintern had mistakenly circulated. He was convinced of the arguments, and attempted to form a Left Opposition within the Workers (Communist) Party. This resulted in his expulsion on October 27, 1928, together with his co-thinkers Max Shachtman and Martin Abern.[3]
Outside of the Communist Party, Cannon, Shachtman, and Abern founded a new political party, the Communist League of America and began publishing The Militant. They came to see Hitler's crushing of the communist movement in Germany as evidence that the Comintern was no longer able to play a revolutionary role internationally and, with the remainder of the Third International under Stalin's control, unable to be internally reformed such that a new International and new parties were required.
Concretely this meant that they no longer considered the Communist League to be a faction of the Communist Party but rather considered it the nucleus of a future revolutionary party. It also meant that they were far more inclined to look at working with other sections of the reviving socialist and workers movements from this point forth. Although the Communist League had been a small organization — opponents dubbing Cannon, Abern and Shachtman "Three generals without an army" — it had won a majority of the Communist Party branch in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Therefore, when the labor movement revived in the early 1930s the Communist league was well placed to put its ideas into action in the Twin Cities and through their influence in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters the union rapidly grew after an historic dispute in 1934. Cannon played a major role in this dispute directing the work of the Communist League on a daily basis, along with Shachtman. In December 1934 the Communist League of America merged with pacifist A. J. Muste's American Workers Party to form the Workers Party of the United States.[citation needed]
Throughout 1935 and into 1936, the Workers Party was deeply divided over the so-called "French Turn." The Trotskyist organization in France had entered the social democratic party of that country — the Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière (SFIO) — and while maintaining themselves as an organized faction in the broader organization had made what were felt to be significant gains in advancing their programmatic goals and in winning adherents to their cause among young party members. This tactic had been subsequently endorsed by Trotsky himself, but the American party was deeply divided over the advisability of the maneuver. Jim Cannon was a forceful advocate of this tactic and was embroiled an inner-party fight to dissolve the Workers Party in favor of entry into the Socialist Party of America. Early in 1936, a convention of the Workers Party finally decided that the organization should enter the SP. This decision came at a cost, however, with a left wing faction led by Hugo Oehler refusing to join the Socialists and exiting to form the Revolutionary Workers League. A. J. Muste became disgusted as well and left the radical political movement to return to his roots in the church.[citation needed]
The Trotskyists' stay inside the Socialist Party lasted only about a year from mid-1936 until mid-1937. Admissions were made on an individual basis, rather than en masse. Chicago attorney and devoted Trotskyist Albert Goldman, who entered the SP about a year earlier than his comrades, launched a factionally-oriented newspaper called The Socialist Appeal, while Cannon headed west to Tujunga, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, to launch a western paper oriented to the trade union movement called Labor Action. Day-to-day operations of the organized Trotskyist faction in the Socialist Party during 1936-37 were handled by Shachtman and James Burnham in New York, while Cannon made what he later deemed as "futile attempts to participate in correspondence in the work of the New York center."[4] As the factional situation in the Socialist Party intensified early in 1937, the decision was made by the hostile New York party organization to expel the Trotskyists, which took place late in the spring of 1937. A large percentage of the SPA's youth organization, the Young People's Socialist League left with the expelled "Left Wing". James Cannon, was noted to have said, that when the Trotskyist were expelled from the Socialist Party that, “they had expelled the heart of their party; Trotsky had won over all the serious young activists, leaving only a dead husk”[5] In the summer of 1937, Cannon returned to New York from California, where he conducted organizational activities which led to the formation of the Socialist Workers Party at a convention held from December 31, 1937 to January 3, 1938. Jim Cannon was elected as the group's first National Secretary.[citation needed]James Cannon latter wrote that, our round trip through the Socialist party had resulted in gains all along the line. We formed the Socialist Workers Party and began once again an independent struggle with good prospects and good hopes".[6]
Cannon in the SWP[edit]
In addition to his activity in the Socialist Workers Party, Cannon was a leading figure in the Fourth International, the international Trotskyist movement, and visited Britain in 1938 with the intention of aiding the unification of the competing British groups. The result was a patched together unification, the Revolutionary Socialist League, which rapidly disintegrated.
In 1940, Shachtman left with a large part of the membership to form the Workers Party, with Shachtman and Burnham arguing that the Stalinists constituted a new bureaucratic class in the Soviet Union while Cannon, like Trotsky, felt that the Soviet Union should be defended despite Stalin's dictatorship[7] and invasion of Finland. This dispute is recorded in Cannon's book The Struggle for the Proletarian Party and in Trotsky's In Defense of Marxism. Nonetheless, Stalinists sought to punish both Cannon and Trotsky for their earlier defection from the Stalin-controlled Third International. Trotsky was killed by one of Stalin's NKVD agents and the CPUSA supported the US government's prosecution of Cannon and other American Trotskyites under the Smith Act,.[8] Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union, the largely Soviet-controlled CPUSA started to support US entry into the war; this gave the CPUSA a common interest with the US government, preparing to go to war, as against Cannon's SWP which was aiming to mobilize the working class against the war. Even after his conviction on the charge of conspiring to overthrow the government and his jailing, Cannon's influence on the SWP was strong and he wrote to party leaders regularly; for example, recommending a change the party line on the Warsaw Rising. Cannon's book 'Letters from Prison' contains many of these missives.
Following the war, Cannon resumed leadership of the SWP, but this role declined after he left the post of national secretary in 1953 to Farrell Dobbs. Cannon retired to California in the mid-1950s. However, he remained an active member of the party's Political Committee. Cannon was very much involved in the splits which developed in both the SWP and the FI in 1952. He took a leading role in guiding the public faction supported by the SWP, the International Committee of the Fourth International; and supported the eventual reunification of the two sides in 1963, which led to the formation of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International. He took no part in the various tendency disputes that developed between 1963 and 1967, except to decry firmer organizational norms developed by his erstwhile supporters. These letters are collected in Don't Strangle The Party.
Death and legacy[edit]
James P. Cannon died on August 21, 1974, aged 84. His papers are housed at the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison and are available on microfilm through interlibrary loan.
Works[edit]
A great deal of Cannon's writing has been collected, although volumes were issued non-sequentially by various publishers and are by no means exhaustive. In approximate chronological order of content, providing the publisher and date of first edition, these selected works volumes are:

The fifth year of the Russian revolution: a report of a lecture New York: Workers Party of America 1923.
Trade unions in America (with James P. Cannon and Earl Browder) Chicago, Ill. : Published for the Trade Union Educational League by the Daily worker 1925 (Little red library #1)
History of American Trotskyism, 1928–38, Report of a Participant
Leon Trotsky: memorial address "To the memory of the old man" New York : Pioneer Publishers for the Socialist Workers Party 1940
Socialism on trial: the official court record of James P. Cannon's testimony in the famous Minneapolis "sedition" trial. New York : Pioneer Publishers 1942
The workers and the Second World War: speech to the tenth National Convention of the Socialist Workers Party, Oct. 2-4, 1942 : with the political resolution adopted by the Convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
Defense policy in the Minneapolis trial. (contributor) New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
The struggle for a proletarian party New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 (2001 edition with new introduction)
The end of the Comintern New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 alternate link
The Russian revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
Why we are in prison: farewell speeches of the 18 SWP and 544-CIO Minneapolis prisoners. New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
The History of American Trotskyism: report of a participant New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
American Stalinism and anti-Stalinism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The coming American revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The Voice of socialism: radio speeches by the Socialist Workers Party candidates in the 1948 election New York, Pioneer Publishers 1948 alternate link
The road to peace according to Stalin and according to Lenin New York, Pioneer Publishers 1951 alternate link
America's road to socialism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1953 alternate link
The I.W.W.: on the fiftieth anniversary of the founding convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1955 (Pioneer pocket library #4)
The Debs centennial: written on the 100. anniversary of the birth of Eugene V. Debs New York, Pioneer Publishers 1956 (Pioneer pocket library #5) alternate link
Notebook of an Agitator. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1958
Socialist election policy in 1958 New York, Pioneer Publishers 1958
Socialism and democracy New York, Pioneer Publishers 1959
The First Ten Years of American Communism: Report of a Participant. New York: Lyle Stuart, 1962
Letters from prison, New York, Merit Publishers 1968
Peace politics vs revolutionary politics: Henry Wallace and the 1948 presidential campaign : report and summary of Socialist Workers Party election policy of 1948 New York, Young Socialist Alliance 1968
Leon Trotsky on labor party: stenographic report of discussion held in 1938 with leaders of the Socialist Workers Party (with others) New York: Bulletin Publications 1968
Defending the revolutionary party and its perspectives; [documents and speeches of the 1952-53 factional struggle and split in the Socialist Workers Party.]. New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1968
Speeches for Socialism. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1971.
Speeches to the Party: The Revolutionary Perspective and the Revolutionary Party. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1973.
The fight against fascism in the USA: forty years of struggle described by participants New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
What is American fascism?: writings on Father Coughlin, Mayor Frank Hague, and Senator Joseph McCarthy New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
Background to "The struggle for a proletarian party" New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1979
Don't strangle the party: three letters and a talk New York, NY : Fourth Internationalist Tendency ; Detroit, MI : Socialist Unity, 1986
James P. Cannon and the Early Years of American Communism: Selected Writings and Speeches, 1920-1928. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 1992.
Dog Days: James P. Cannon vs. Max Shachtman in the Communist League of America, 1931-1933. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 2002.

Collected writings and speeches

The Left Opposition in the US, 1928-31. New York: Monad Press, 1981.
The Communist League of America, 1932-34. New York: Monad Press, 1985.
The Socialist Workers Party in World War II. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1975. — Writings from 1940-1943.
The Struggle for Socialism in the "American Century". New York: Pathfinder Press, 1977. — Writings from 1945-1947.

Footnotes[edit]


^ Bio at reds.linefeed.org
^ Foreword to "The Russian Revolution", by James P. Cannon, Pioneer Publishers, N.Y., March, 1944.
^ "The Struggle Against Trotskyism and the Right Danger: Declaration by Central Committee of the Workers (Communist) Party of America," Daily Worker, vol. 5, no. 272 (November 16, 1928), pg. 3.
^ James P. Cannon, The Struggle for a Proletarian Party. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1943; pg. 54.
^ Constance, Ashton Myers (1977). The Prophets Army: Trotskyists in America, 1928-1941. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. p. 142. 
^ Cannon, James (1944). The History of American Trotskyism 1928-1938 (Third ed.). New York: Pathfinder Press. p. 300. 
^ James G Ryan, "James P. Cannon", in Biographical Dictionary of the American Left, edited by Bernard K. Johnpoll and Harvey Klehr. New York: Greenwood Press, 1986, pp. 62-65
^ John Earl Haynes. Red Scare or Red Menace?: American Communism and Anticommunism in the Cold War Era 30 (Ivan R. Dee 1996) ISBN 1-56663-090-8.


Further reading[edit]

George Breitman, Paul Le Blanc, and Alan Wald "Trotskyism in the United States: Historical Essays and Reconsiderations." New Jersey: Humanities Press, 1996.
Theodore Draper, The Roots of American Communism. New York: Viking, 1957.
Theodore Draper, American Communism and Soviet Russia. New York: Viking, 1960.
David Gillespie, "Challengers to Duopoly: Why Third Parties Matter in America Two-Party Politics." Columbia, SC: University of South Carolina Press, 2012.
Constance Ashton Myers, The Prophet's Army: Trotskyism in America, 1928-1941. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1977.
George Novack, "James P. Cannon, 1890-1974: A Tribute," International Socialist Review, vol. 35, no. 9 (Oct. 1974), pp. 6–9.
Bryan D. Palmer, James P. Cannon and the Origins of the American Revolutionary Left, 1890-1928. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2007.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: James P. Cannon



Works by or about James P. Cannon at Internet Archive
James P. Cannon Internet Archive, Marxists Internet Archive.
Finding Aid for James P. Cannon Papers, Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison, WI.
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography of James P. Cannon
Fred Mazelis, "Interview with Bryan Palmer, Biographer of James P. Cannon, Founder of American Trotskyism," World Socialist Web Site, September 28, 2007.
The Politics of James P. Cannon by Chris Bambery, International Socialism 36 (1987)



Party political offices


Preceded by
New position
National Secretary of the Socialist Workers Party
1938–1953
Succeeded by
Farrell Dobbs








v
t
e


Communist Party USA



Nominees




Presidential



1924: Foster
1928: Foster
1932: Foster
1936: Browder
1940: Browder
1968: Mitchell
1972: Hall
1976: Hall
1980: Hall
1984: Hall





Vice Presidential



1924: Gitlow
1928: Gitlow
1932: Ford
1936: Ford
1940: Ford
1968: Zagarell
1972: Tyner
1976: Tyner
1980: Davis
1984: Davis











Leaders



C. E. Ruthenberg (1919–1920; 1922–1927)
Alfred Wagenknecht (1919–1921)
Charles Dirba (1920–1921)
Louis Shapiro (late 1920)
L. E. Katterfeld (1921)
William Weinstone (1921–1922)
Jay Lovestone (1922; 1927–1929)
James P. Cannon (1921–1922)
Caleb Harrison (1921-1922)
Abram Jakira (1922–1923)
William Z. Foster (1929–1934)
Earl Browder (1934–1945)
Eugene Dennis (1945–1959)
William Z. Foster (1945–1957)
Gus Hall (1959–2000)
Sam Webb (2000–2014)
John Bachtell (2014–present)





Litigation



Albertson v. Subversive Activities Control Board
Aptheker v. Secretary of State
Communist Party v. Subversive Activities Control Board
De Jonge v. Oregon
Dennis v. United States
Kent v. Dulles
Keyishian v. Board of Regents
Noto v. United States
Scales v. United States
Smith Act trials
Watkins v. United States
Yates v. United States





Related articles



Communist Labor Party
English-language press

Non-English press


International Publishers
Language federation
National conventions
Relations with African-Americans
Young Communist League USA









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 49265621
LCCN: n50051959
ISNI: 0000 0000 8127 4281
GND: 129006076
SUDOC: 030162602
BNF: cb12163482v (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_P._Cannon&oldid=786157722"					
Categories: 1890 births1974 deathsPeople from Kansas City, KansasAmerican communistsCommunists from KansasAmerican socialistsAmerican MarxistsAmerican TrotskyistsIndustrial Workers of the World leadersIndustrial Workers of the World membersMembers of the Socialist Party of AmericaSocialist Workers Party (United States) politiciansMembers of the Communist Labor PartyMembers of the Communist League of AmericaMembers of the Workers Party of the United StatesMembers of the Socialist Workers Party (United States)New York gubernatorial candidatesAmerican anti-war activistsAmerican atheistsAmerican Comintern peopleAmerican political writersAmerican male writersPeople convicted under the Smith ActCommunist Party USA politiciansHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


تۆرکجهDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 16:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James P. Cannon - Wikipedia






















 






James P. Cannon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see James Cannon.


James P. Cannon





Born
(1890-02-11)February 11, 1890
Rosedale, Kansas


Died
August 21, 1974(1974-08-21) (aged 84)
Los Angeles, California


Nationality
American


Political party
Socialist Workers Party


Movement
Trotskyism




Part of a series on


Socialism in
the United States




History
Utopian socialism

New Harmony
Brook Farm
Oneida Community
Icarians
Bishop Hill Commune


Progressive Era

St. Louis Commune
1912 Lawrence Textile Strike
Labor unionisation
Women's suffrage
Haymarket affair
May Day
Green Corn Rebellion


Repression and persecution

Espionage Act of 1917
First Red Scare
American Defense Society
American Protective League
Seattle General Strike
Communist Party USA and African Americans
Communism in the Labor Movement 1919–37
Communism in the Labor Movement 1937–50
McCarthyism
Smith Act / Smith Act trials
John Birch Society


Civil Rights / anti-War movements

COINTELPRO
New Left
Great Society
War on Poverty
Poor People's Campaign
Black Power movement








Active parties


Black Riders Liberation Party
Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism (CDCS)
Communist Party USA
Democratic Socialists of America
Freedom Road Socialist Organization
Freedom Socialist Party
Industrial Workers of the World
International Socialist Organization
Legal Marijuana Now Party
New Afrikan Black Panther Party
New Students for a Democratic Society
Party for Socialism and Liberation
Peace and Freedom Party
Progressive Labor Party
Revolutionary Communist Party
Socialist Action
Socialist Alternative
Socialist Equality Party
Socialist Organizer
Socialist Party
Socialist Workers Party
Spartacist League
Workers World Party
World Socialist Party of the United States








Defunct parties


American Labor Party
American Workers Party
Black Panther Party
Communist League of America
Communist Workers' Party
Democratic Socialist Federation
Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee
Farmer–Labor Party
Maoist Internationalist Movement
New American Movement
Proletarian Party of America
Puerto Rican Socialist Party
Social Democracy of America
Social Democratic Federation
Social Democratic Party of America
Social Democrats, USA
Socialist Labor Party of America
Socialist Party of America
Students for a Democratic Society
Weather Underground
White Panther Party
Workers Party of the United States
Youth International Party








Literature


The Jungle
Appeal to Reason
International Socialist Review
Looking Backward
The Other America
Daily Worker
Monthly Review
Voluntary Socialism
Monopoly Capital








Related topics


American Left
Anarchism
Anarchism in the United States
Socialism
Utopian socialism
Scientific socialism
Marxism
Marxism–Leninism
Labor history
Labor unions
Libertarian socialism
Labor laws
Minimum wage








 Socialism portal
 United States portal







v
t
e





James Patrick "Jim" Cannon (February 11, 1890 – August 21, 1974) was an American Trotskyist and a leader of the Socialist Workers Party.
Born on February 11, 1890 in Rosedale, Kansas, he joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1908 and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) in 1911. He was personally trained by "Big Bill" Haywood, a top IWW leader, and was an IWW organizer throughout the Midwest from 1912 through 1914.[1] Following his expulsion from the Communist Party USA in 1928, of which he had been a founding member and the National Chairman of its legal entity,[2] the Workers Party of America, Cannon was national secretary of the Communist League of America, Workers Party of the United States and Socialist Workers Party until his retirement and move to California in 1953. He was national chairman emeritus of the SWP when he died in Los Angeles on August 21, 1974.


Part of a series on


Trotskyism








Leon Trotsky
Fourth International








Marxism
Leninism
Russian Revolution





Concepts





Anti-Stalinism
Deformed workers' state
Degenerated workers' state
French Turn
Permanent revolution
Political revolution
Social revolution
Transitional demand
United front
World revolution





Key Trotskyists





James P. Cannon
Peter Taaffe
Tony Cliff
Pierre Frank
Ted Grant
Joseph Hansen
Gerry Healy
C. L. R. James
Pierre Lambert
Livio Maitan
Ernest Mandel
Nahuel Moreno
Michel Pablo





Internationals






Committee for a
Workers' International


Coordinating Committee for
the Refoundation of the
Fourth International


International Committee of
the Fourth International (ICFI)

FI Centre of Reconstruction

Fourth International
(Posadist)


Fourth International
(post-reunification)

International Communist League
International Marxist Tendency
International Socialist Tendency
International Workers' League
International Workers' Unity
Trotskyist Fraction
List of Trotskyist organizations by country





Branches





Orthodox Trotskyism
Third camp





Communism portal





v
t
e








Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Cannon in the early Communist movement
1.2 Cannon's turn to Trotskyism
1.3 Cannon in the SWP
1.4 Death and legacy


2 Works
3 Footnotes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Biography[edit]
Cannon in the early Communist movement[edit]
Cannon opposed World War I from an internationalist position and rallied to the Russian Revolution of 1917. The Bolshevik victory in Russia served to radicalize the Socialist Party of America and brought Cannon back to the organization. He was an active participant in the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party, an organized faction which sought to transform the SPA into a revolutionary socialist organization. In 1919, he was a founding member of the Communist Labor Party (CLP), forerunner of the Communist Party of America (CPA), although he did not personally attend the Chicago convention of the CLP due to insufficient party tenure in the SPA. He was, however, a part of the CLP's leadership from its earliest days, serving as District Secretary of the CLP for the states of Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska from the time of founding. He was also the editor of the left-wing Kansas City weekly, Worker's World, from 1919 to 1920, assuming the position when fellow Kansas syndicalist Earl Browder was sent to prison for his previous anti-war activities.
In May 1920, the CLP merged with a section of the CPA headed by C. E. Ruthenberg and Cannon was elected as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the new organization by the founding convention. He worked variously as the St. Louis District Organizer of the UCP in the summer of 1920 and as editor of the organization's labor newspaper, The Toiler, in October of that same year. This brought Cannon to New York City, where he was able to regularly sit on the meetings of the Central Executive Committee. After merger of the UCP with the remaining CPA organization, headed by Charles Dirba, Cannon was named the first Subdistrict Organizer of the unified organization for Duluth, Minnesota.
Cannon was on the Executive Board of the American Labor Alliance, one of the underground CPA's most important legal organizations, intended to bring mainstream trade unionists into common cause with the persecuted underground communist movement. In December 1921, Cannon delivered the keynote speech to the founding convention of the "legal political party" formed in parallel to the underground CPA, the Workers Party of America (WPA) and was elected National Chairman by that convention.
Cannon was elected by the CEC of the unified CPA as delegate of that organization to the Enlarged Plenum of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) and as formal party representative to the Red International of Labor Unions (RILU), leaving the USA in mid-May 1922 and arriving finally in Moscow on June 1. He stayed on there as a delegate of the American party to the 4th World Congress of the Comintern, where he was elected to the ECCI Presidium, serving from August through November, 1922. Back in America, Cannon was a member of the Executive Committee of the Friends of Soviet Russia from 1922. He was also a candidate of the WPA for the United States Congress from the New York 10th District in 1922. Cannon remained on the CEC of the WPA throughout this period.
On January 19, 1924, Cannon was named Assistant Executive Secretary of the Workers Party of America, working under his faction rival, Ruthenberg. He was the WPA's candidate for Governor of New York in 1924, and again returned to Moscow as a delegate of the party to the 5th Enlarged Plenum of ECCI, held in March and April 1925.
Cannon was an important factional leader in the American communist movement of the 1920s, sitting on the governing Central Executive Committee of the party in alliance with William Z. Foster, a Chicago-based group which looked to native-born American workers in the unions. Later in the decade, Cannon broke to an extent with Foster, heading up instead the party's legal defense arm, International Labor Defense (ILD). This organization served as a power base for Cannon and his associates.
Cannon was the Workers (Communist) Party's candidate for Congress in the New York 20th District in 1928.
Cannon's turn to Trotskyism[edit]




Cannon and Felix Morrow, with a bust of Trotsky.


While in Russia in 1928, Cannon read a critique of the direction of the Communist International written by Trotsky which the Comintern had mistakenly circulated. He was convinced of the arguments, and attempted to form a Left Opposition within the Workers (Communist) Party. This resulted in his expulsion on October 27, 1928, together with his co-thinkers Max Shachtman and Martin Abern.[3]
Outside of the Communist Party, Cannon, Shachtman, and Abern founded a new political party, the Communist League of America and began publishing The Militant. They came to see Hitler's crushing of the communist movement in Germany as evidence that the Comintern was no longer able to play a revolutionary role internationally and, with the remainder of the Third International under Stalin's control, unable to be internally reformed such that a new International and new parties were required.
Concretely this meant that they no longer considered the Communist League to be a faction of the Communist Party but rather considered it the nucleus of a future revolutionary party. It also meant that they were far more inclined to look at working with other sections of the reviving socialist and workers movements from this point forth. Although the Communist League had been a small organization — opponents dubbing Cannon, Abern and Shachtman "Three generals without an army" — it had won a majority of the Communist Party branch in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Therefore, when the labor movement revived in the early 1930s the Communist league was well placed to put its ideas into action in the Twin Cities and through their influence in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters the union rapidly grew after an historic dispute in 1934. Cannon played a major role in this dispute directing the work of the Communist League on a daily basis, along with Shachtman. In December 1934 the Communist League of America merged with pacifist A. J. Muste's American Workers Party to form the Workers Party of the United States.[citation needed]
Throughout 1935 and into 1936, the Workers Party was deeply divided over the so-called "French Turn." The Trotskyist organization in France had entered the social democratic party of that country — the Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière (SFIO) — and while maintaining themselves as an organized faction in the broader organization had made what were felt to be significant gains in advancing their programmatic goals and in winning adherents to their cause among young party members. This tactic had been subsequently endorsed by Trotsky himself, but the American party was deeply divided over the advisability of the maneuver. Jim Cannon was a forceful advocate of this tactic and was embroiled an inner-party fight to dissolve the Workers Party in favor of entry into the Socialist Party of America. Early in 1936, a convention of the Workers Party finally decided that the organization should enter the SP. This decision came at a cost, however, with a left wing faction led by Hugo Oehler refusing to join the Socialists and exiting to form the Revolutionary Workers League. A. J. Muste became disgusted as well and left the radical political movement to return to his roots in the church.[citation needed]
The Trotskyists' stay inside the Socialist Party lasted only about a year from mid-1936 until mid-1937. Admissions were made on an individual basis, rather than en masse. Chicago attorney and devoted Trotskyist Albert Goldman, who entered the SP about a year earlier than his comrades, launched a factionally-oriented newspaper called The Socialist Appeal, while Cannon headed west to Tujunga, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, to launch a western paper oriented to the trade union movement called Labor Action. Day-to-day operations of the organized Trotskyist faction in the Socialist Party during 1936-37 were handled by Shachtman and James Burnham in New York, while Cannon made what he later deemed as "futile attempts to participate in correspondence in the work of the New York center."[4] As the factional situation in the Socialist Party intensified early in 1937, the decision was made by the hostile New York party organization to expel the Trotskyists, which took place late in the spring of 1937. A large percentage of the SPA's youth organization, the Young People's Socialist League left with the expelled "Left Wing". James Cannon, was noted to have said, that when the Trotskyist were expelled from the Socialist Party that, “they had expelled the heart of their party; Trotsky had won over all the serious young activists, leaving only a dead husk”[5] In the summer of 1937, Cannon returned to New York from California, where he conducted organizational activities which led to the formation of the Socialist Workers Party at a convention held from December 31, 1937 to January 3, 1938. Jim Cannon was elected as the group's first National Secretary.[citation needed]James Cannon latter wrote that, our round trip through the Socialist party had resulted in gains all along the line. We formed the Socialist Workers Party and began once again an independent struggle with good prospects and good hopes".[6]
Cannon in the SWP[edit]
In addition to his activity in the Socialist Workers Party, Cannon was a leading figure in the Fourth International, the international Trotskyist movement, and visited Britain in 1938 with the intention of aiding the unification of the competing British groups. The result was a patched together unification, the Revolutionary Socialist League, which rapidly disintegrated.
In 1940, Shachtman left with a large part of the membership to form the Workers Party, with Shachtman and Burnham arguing that the Stalinists constituted a new bureaucratic class in the Soviet Union while Cannon, like Trotsky, felt that the Soviet Union should be defended despite Stalin's dictatorship[7] and invasion of Finland. This dispute is recorded in Cannon's book The Struggle for the Proletarian Party and in Trotsky's In Defense of Marxism. Nonetheless, Stalinists sought to punish both Cannon and Trotsky for their earlier defection from the Stalin-controlled Third International. Trotsky was killed by one of Stalin's NKVD agents and the CPUSA supported the US government's prosecution of Cannon and other American Trotskyites under the Smith Act,.[8] Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union, the largely Soviet-controlled CPUSA started to support US entry into the war; this gave the CPUSA a common interest with the US government, preparing to go to war, as against Cannon's SWP which was aiming to mobilize the working class against the war. Even after his conviction on the charge of conspiring to overthrow the government and his jailing, Cannon's influence on the SWP was strong and he wrote to party leaders regularly; for example, recommending a change the party line on the Warsaw Rising. Cannon's book 'Letters from Prison' contains many of these missives.
Following the war, Cannon resumed leadership of the SWP, but this role declined after he left the post of national secretary in 1953 to Farrell Dobbs. Cannon retired to California in the mid-1950s. However, he remained an active member of the party's Political Committee. Cannon was very much involved in the splits which developed in both the SWP and the FI in 1952. He took a leading role in guiding the public faction supported by the SWP, the International Committee of the Fourth International; and supported the eventual reunification of the two sides in 1963, which led to the formation of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International. He took no part in the various tendency disputes that developed between 1963 and 1967, except to decry firmer organizational norms developed by his erstwhile supporters. These letters are collected in Don't Strangle The Party.
Death and legacy[edit]
James P. Cannon died on August 21, 1974, aged 84. His papers are housed at the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison and are available on microfilm through interlibrary loan.
Works[edit]
A great deal of Cannon's writing has been collected, although volumes were issued non-sequentially by various publishers and are by no means exhaustive. In approximate chronological order of content, providing the publisher and date of first edition, these selected works volumes are:

The fifth year of the Russian revolution: a report of a lecture New York: Workers Party of America 1923.
Trade unions in America (with James P. Cannon and Earl Browder) Chicago, Ill. : Published for the Trade Union Educational League by the Daily worker 1925 (Little red library #1)
History of American Trotskyism, 1928–38, Report of a Participant
Leon Trotsky: memorial address "To the memory of the old man" New York : Pioneer Publishers for the Socialist Workers Party 1940
Socialism on trial: the official court record of James P. Cannon's testimony in the famous Minneapolis "sedition" trial. New York : Pioneer Publishers 1942
The workers and the Second World War: speech to the tenth National Convention of the Socialist Workers Party, Oct. 2-4, 1942 : with the political resolution adopted by the Convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
Defense policy in the Minneapolis trial. (contributor) New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
The struggle for a proletarian party New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 (2001 edition with new introduction)
The end of the Comintern New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 alternate link
The Russian revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
Why we are in prison: farewell speeches of the 18 SWP and 544-CIO Minneapolis prisoners. New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
The History of American Trotskyism: report of a participant New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
American Stalinism and anti-Stalinism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The coming American revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The Voice of socialism: radio speeches by the Socialist Workers Party candidates in the 1948 election New York, Pioneer Publishers 1948 alternate link
The road to peace according to Stalin and according to Lenin New York, Pioneer Publishers 1951 alternate link
America's road to socialism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1953 alternate link
The I.W.W.: on the fiftieth anniversary of the founding convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1955 (Pioneer pocket library #4)
The Debs centennial: written on the 100. anniversary of the birth of Eugene V. Debs New York, Pioneer Publishers 1956 (Pioneer pocket library #5) alternate link
Notebook of an Agitator. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1958
Socialist election policy in 1958 New York, Pioneer Publishers 1958
Socialism and democracy New York, Pioneer Publishers 1959
The First Ten Years of American Communism: Report of a Participant. New York: Lyle Stuart, 1962
Letters from prison, New York, Merit Publishers 1968
Peace politics vs revolutionary politics: Henry Wallace and the 1948 presidential campaign : report and summary of Socialist Workers Party election policy of 1948 New York, Young Socialist Alliance 1968
Leon Trotsky on labor party: stenographic report of discussion held in 1938 with leaders of the Socialist Workers Party (with others) New York: Bulletin Publications 1968
Defending the revolutionary party and its perspectives; [documents and speeches of the 1952-53 factional struggle and split in the Socialist Workers Party.]. New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1968
Speeches for Socialism. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1971.
Speeches to the Party: The Revolutionary Perspective and the Revolutionary Party. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1973.
The fight against fascism in the USA: forty years of struggle described by participants New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
What is American fascism?: writings on Father Coughlin, Mayor Frank Hague, and Senator Joseph McCarthy New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
Background to "The struggle for a proletarian party" New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1979
Don't strangle the party: three letters and a talk New York, NY : Fourth Internationalist Tendency ; Detroit, MI : Socialist Unity, 1986
James P. Cannon and the Early Years of American Communism: Selected Writings and Speeches, 1920-1928. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 1992.
Dog Days: James P. Cannon vs. Max Shachtman in the Communist League of America, 1931-1933. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 2002.

Collected writings and speeches

The Left Opposition in the US, 1928-31. New York: Monad Press, 1981.
The Communist League of America, 1932-34. New York: Monad Press, 1985.
The Socialist Workers Party in World War II. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1975. — Writings from 1940-1943.
The Struggle for Socialism in the "American Century". New York: Pathfinder Press, 1977. — Writings from 1945-1947.

Footnotes[edit]


^ Bio at reds.linefeed.org
^ Foreword to "The Russian Revolution", by James P. Cannon, Pioneer Publishers, N.Y., March, 1944.
^ "The Struggle Against Trotskyism and the Right Danger: Declaration by Central Committee of the Workers (Communist) Party of America," Daily Worker, vol. 5, no. 272 (November 16, 1928), pg. 3.
^ James P. Cannon, The Struggle for a Proletarian Party. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1943; pg. 54.
^ Constance, Ashton Myers (1977). The Prophets Army: Trotskyists in America, 1928-1941. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. p. 142. 
^ Cannon, James (1944). The History of American Trotskyism 1928-1938 (Third ed.). New York: Pathfinder Press. p. 300. 
^ James G Ryan, "James P. Cannon", in Biographical Dictionary of the American Left, edited by Bernard K. Johnpoll and Harvey Klehr. New York: Greenwood Press, 1986, pp. 62-65
^ John Earl Haynes. Red Scare or Red Menace?: American Communism and Anticommunism in the Cold War Era 30 (Ivan R. Dee 1996) ISBN 1-56663-090-8.


Further reading[edit]

George Breitman, Paul Le Blanc, and Alan Wald "Trotskyism in the United States: Historical Essays and Reconsiderations." New Jersey: Humanities Press, 1996.
Theodore Draper, The Roots of American Communism. New York: Viking, 1957.
Theodore Draper, American Communism and Soviet Russia. New York: Viking, 1960.
David Gillespie, "Challengers to Duopoly: Why Third Parties Matter in America Two-Party Politics." Columbia, SC: University of South Carolina Press, 2012.
Constance Ashton Myers, The Prophet's Army: Trotskyism in America, 1928-1941. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1977.
George Novack, "James P. Cannon, 1890-1974: A Tribute," International Socialist Review, vol. 35, no. 9 (Oct. 1974), pp. 6–9.
Bryan D. Palmer, James P. Cannon and the Origins of the American Revolutionary Left, 1890-1928. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2007.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: James P. Cannon



Works by or about James P. Cannon at Internet Archive
James P. Cannon Internet Archive, Marxists Internet Archive.
Finding Aid for James P. Cannon Papers, Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison, WI.
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography of James P. Cannon
Fred Mazelis, "Interview with Bryan Palmer, Biographer of James P. Cannon, Founder of American Trotskyism," World Socialist Web Site, September 28, 2007.
The Politics of James P. Cannon by Chris Bambery, International Socialism 36 (1987)



Party political offices


Preceded by
New position
National Secretary of the Socialist Workers Party
1938–1953
Succeeded by
Farrell Dobbs








v
t
e


Communist Party USA



Nominees




Presidential



1924: Foster
1928: Foster
1932: Foster
1936: Browder
1940: Browder
1968: Mitchell
1972: Hall
1976: Hall
1980: Hall
1984: Hall





Vice Presidential



1924: Gitlow
1928: Gitlow
1932: Ford
1936: Ford
1940: Ford
1968: Zagarell
1972: Tyner
1976: Tyner
1980: Davis
1984: Davis











Leaders



C. E. Ruthenberg (1919–1920; 1922–1927)
Alfred Wagenknecht (1919–1921)
Charles Dirba (1920–1921)
Louis Shapiro (late 1920)
L. E. Katterfeld (1921)
William Weinstone (1921–1922)
Jay Lovestone (1922; 1927–1929)
James P. Cannon (1921–1922)
Caleb Harrison (1921-1922)
Abram Jakira (1922–1923)
William Z. Foster (1929–1934)
Earl Browder (1934–1945)
Eugene Dennis (1945–1959)
William Z. Foster (1945–1957)
Gus Hall (1959–2000)
Sam Webb (2000–2014)
John Bachtell (2014–present)





Litigation



Albertson v. Subversive Activities Control Board
Aptheker v. Secretary of State
Communist Party v. Subversive Activities Control Board
De Jonge v. Oregon
Dennis v. United States
Kent v. Dulles
Keyishian v. Board of Regents
Noto v. United States
Scales v. United States
Smith Act trials
Watkins v. United States
Yates v. United States





Related articles



Communist Labor Party
English-language press

Non-English press


International Publishers
Language federation
National conventions
Relations with African-Americans
Young Communist League USA









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 49265621
LCCN: n50051959
ISNI: 0000 0000 8127 4281
GND: 129006076
SUDOC: 030162602
BNF: cb12163482v (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_P._Cannon&oldid=786157722"					
Categories: 1890 births1974 deathsPeople from Kansas City, KansasAmerican communistsCommunists from KansasAmerican socialistsAmerican MarxistsAmerican TrotskyistsIndustrial Workers of the World leadersIndustrial Workers of the World membersMembers of the Socialist Party of AmericaSocialist Workers Party (United States) politiciansMembers of the Communist Labor PartyMembers of the Communist League of AmericaMembers of the Workers Party of the United StatesMembers of the Socialist Workers Party (United States)New York gubernatorial candidatesAmerican anti-war activistsAmerican atheistsAmerican Comintern peopleAmerican political writersAmerican male writersPeople convicted under the Smith ActCommunist Party USA politiciansHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


تۆرکجهDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 16:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









James P. Cannon - Wikipedia






















 






James P. Cannon

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people with the same name, see James Cannon.


James P. Cannon





Born
(1890-02-11)February 11, 1890
Rosedale, Kansas


Died
August 21, 1974(1974-08-21) (aged 84)
Los Angeles, California


Nationality
American


Political party
Socialist Workers Party


Movement
Trotskyism




Part of a series on


Socialism in
the United States




History
Utopian socialism

New Harmony
Brook Farm
Oneida Community
Icarians
Bishop Hill Commune


Progressive Era

St. Louis Commune
1912 Lawrence Textile Strike
Labor unionisation
Women's suffrage
Haymarket affair
May Day
Green Corn Rebellion


Repression and persecution

Espionage Act of 1917
First Red Scare
American Defense Society
American Protective League
Seattle General Strike
Communist Party USA and African Americans
Communism in the Labor Movement 1919–37
Communism in the Labor Movement 1937–50
McCarthyism
Smith Act / Smith Act trials
John Birch Society


Civil Rights / anti-War movements

COINTELPRO
New Left
Great Society
War on Poverty
Poor People's Campaign
Black Power movement








Active parties


Black Riders Liberation Party
Committees of Correspondence for Democracy and Socialism (CDCS)
Communist Party USA
Democratic Socialists of America
Freedom Road Socialist Organization
Freedom Socialist Party
Industrial Workers of the World
International Socialist Organization
Legal Marijuana Now Party
New Afrikan Black Panther Party
New Students for a Democratic Society
Party for Socialism and Liberation
Peace and Freedom Party
Progressive Labor Party
Revolutionary Communist Party
Socialist Action
Socialist Alternative
Socialist Equality Party
Socialist Organizer
Socialist Party
Socialist Workers Party
Spartacist League
Workers World Party
World Socialist Party of the United States








Defunct parties


American Labor Party
American Workers Party
Black Panther Party
Communist League of America
Communist Workers' Party
Democratic Socialist Federation
Democratic Socialist Organizing Committee
Farmer–Labor Party
Maoist Internationalist Movement
New American Movement
Proletarian Party of America
Puerto Rican Socialist Party
Social Democracy of America
Social Democratic Federation
Social Democratic Party of America
Social Democrats, USA
Socialist Labor Party of America
Socialist Party of America
Students for a Democratic Society
Weather Underground
White Panther Party
Workers Party of the United States
Youth International Party








Literature


The Jungle
Appeal to Reason
International Socialist Review
Looking Backward
The Other America
Daily Worker
Monthly Review
Voluntary Socialism
Monopoly Capital








Related topics


American Left
Anarchism
Anarchism in the United States
Socialism
Utopian socialism
Scientific socialism
Marxism
Marxism–Leninism
Labor history
Labor unions
Libertarian socialism
Labor laws
Minimum wage








 Socialism portal
 United States portal







v
t
e





James Patrick "Jim" Cannon (February 11, 1890 – August 21, 1974) was an American Trotskyist and a leader of the Socialist Workers Party.
Born on February 11, 1890 in Rosedale, Kansas, he joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA) in 1908 and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) in 1911. He was personally trained by "Big Bill" Haywood, a top IWW leader, and was an IWW organizer throughout the Midwest from 1912 through 1914.[1] Following his expulsion from the Communist Party USA in 1928, of which he had been a founding member and the National Chairman of its legal entity,[2] the Workers Party of America, Cannon was national secretary of the Communist League of America, Workers Party of the United States and Socialist Workers Party until his retirement and move to California in 1953. He was national chairman emeritus of the SWP when he died in Los Angeles on August 21, 1974.


Part of a series on


Trotskyism








Leon Trotsky
Fourth International








Marxism
Leninism
Russian Revolution





Concepts





Anti-Stalinism
Deformed workers' state
Degenerated workers' state
French Turn
Permanent revolution
Political revolution
Social revolution
Transitional demand
United front
World revolution





Key Trotskyists





James P. Cannon
Peter Taaffe
Tony Cliff
Pierre Frank
Ted Grant
Joseph Hansen
Gerry Healy
C. L. R. James
Pierre Lambert
Livio Maitan
Ernest Mandel
Nahuel Moreno
Michel Pablo





Internationals






Committee for a
Workers' International


Coordinating Committee for
the Refoundation of the
Fourth International


International Committee of
the Fourth International (ICFI)

FI Centre of Reconstruction

Fourth International
(Posadist)


Fourth International
(post-reunification)

International Communist League
International Marxist Tendency
International Socialist Tendency
International Workers' League
International Workers' Unity
Trotskyist Fraction
List of Trotskyist organizations by country





Branches





Orthodox Trotskyism
Third camp





Communism portal





v
t
e








Contents


1 Biography

1.1 Cannon in the early Communist movement
1.2 Cannon's turn to Trotskyism
1.3 Cannon in the SWP
1.4 Death and legacy


2 Works
3 Footnotes
4 Further reading
5 External links



Biography[edit]
Cannon in the early Communist movement[edit]
Cannon opposed World War I from an internationalist position and rallied to the Russian Revolution of 1917. The Bolshevik victory in Russia served to radicalize the Socialist Party of America and brought Cannon back to the organization. He was an active participant in the Left Wing Section of the Socialist Party, an organized faction which sought to transform the SPA into a revolutionary socialist organization. In 1919, he was a founding member of the Communist Labor Party (CLP), forerunner of the Communist Party of America (CPA), although he did not personally attend the Chicago convention of the CLP due to insufficient party tenure in the SPA. He was, however, a part of the CLP's leadership from its earliest days, serving as District Secretary of the CLP for the states of Kansas, Missouri, and Nebraska from the time of founding. He was also the editor of the left-wing Kansas City weekly, Worker's World, from 1919 to 1920, assuming the position when fellow Kansas syndicalist Earl Browder was sent to prison for his previous anti-war activities.
In May 1920, the CLP merged with a section of the CPA headed by C. E. Ruthenberg and Cannon was elected as a member of the Central Executive Committee of the new organization by the founding convention. He worked variously as the St. Louis District Organizer of the UCP in the summer of 1920 and as editor of the organization's labor newspaper, The Toiler, in October of that same year. This brought Cannon to New York City, where he was able to regularly sit on the meetings of the Central Executive Committee. After merger of the UCP with the remaining CPA organization, headed by Charles Dirba, Cannon was named the first Subdistrict Organizer of the unified organization for Duluth, Minnesota.
Cannon was on the Executive Board of the American Labor Alliance, one of the underground CPA's most important legal organizations, intended to bring mainstream trade unionists into common cause with the persecuted underground communist movement. In December 1921, Cannon delivered the keynote speech to the founding convention of the "legal political party" formed in parallel to the underground CPA, the Workers Party of America (WPA) and was elected National Chairman by that convention.
Cannon was elected by the CEC of the unified CPA as delegate of that organization to the Enlarged Plenum of the Executive Committee of the Communist International (ECCI) and as formal party representative to the Red International of Labor Unions (RILU), leaving the USA in mid-May 1922 and arriving finally in Moscow on June 1. He stayed on there as a delegate of the American party to the 4th World Congress of the Comintern, where he was elected to the ECCI Presidium, serving from August through November, 1922. Back in America, Cannon was a member of the Executive Committee of the Friends of Soviet Russia from 1922. He was also a candidate of the WPA for the United States Congress from the New York 10th District in 1922. Cannon remained on the CEC of the WPA throughout this period.
On January 19, 1924, Cannon was named Assistant Executive Secretary of the Workers Party of America, working under his faction rival, Ruthenberg. He was the WPA's candidate for Governor of New York in 1924, and again returned to Moscow as a delegate of the party to the 5th Enlarged Plenum of ECCI, held in March and April 1925.
Cannon was an important factional leader in the American communist movement of the 1920s, sitting on the governing Central Executive Committee of the party in alliance with William Z. Foster, a Chicago-based group which looked to native-born American workers in the unions. Later in the decade, Cannon broke to an extent with Foster, heading up instead the party's legal defense arm, International Labor Defense (ILD). This organization served as a power base for Cannon and his associates.
Cannon was the Workers (Communist) Party's candidate for Congress in the New York 20th District in 1928.
Cannon's turn to Trotskyism[edit]




Cannon and Felix Morrow, with a bust of Trotsky.


While in Russia in 1928, Cannon read a critique of the direction of the Communist International written by Trotsky which the Comintern had mistakenly circulated. He was convinced of the arguments, and attempted to form a Left Opposition within the Workers (Communist) Party. This resulted in his expulsion on October 27, 1928, together with his co-thinkers Max Shachtman and Martin Abern.[3]
Outside of the Communist Party, Cannon, Shachtman, and Abern founded a new political party, the Communist League of America and began publishing The Militant. They came to see Hitler's crushing of the communist movement in Germany as evidence that the Comintern was no longer able to play a revolutionary role internationally and, with the remainder of the Third International under Stalin's control, unable to be internally reformed such that a new International and new parties were required.
Concretely this meant that they no longer considered the Communist League to be a faction of the Communist Party but rather considered it the nucleus of a future revolutionary party. It also meant that they were far more inclined to look at working with other sections of the reviving socialist and workers movements from this point forth. Although the Communist League had been a small organization — opponents dubbing Cannon, Abern and Shachtman "Three generals without an army" — it had won a majority of the Communist Party branch in Minneapolis and St. Paul. Therefore, when the labor movement revived in the early 1930s the Communist league was well placed to put its ideas into action in the Twin Cities and through their influence in the International Brotherhood of Teamsters the union rapidly grew after an historic dispute in 1934. Cannon played a major role in this dispute directing the work of the Communist League on a daily basis, along with Shachtman. In December 1934 the Communist League of America merged with pacifist A. J. Muste's American Workers Party to form the Workers Party of the United States.[citation needed]
Throughout 1935 and into 1936, the Workers Party was deeply divided over the so-called "French Turn." The Trotskyist organization in France had entered the social democratic party of that country — the Section Française de l'Internationale Ouvrière (SFIO) — and while maintaining themselves as an organized faction in the broader organization had made what were felt to be significant gains in advancing their programmatic goals and in winning adherents to their cause among young party members. This tactic had been subsequently endorsed by Trotsky himself, but the American party was deeply divided over the advisability of the maneuver. Jim Cannon was a forceful advocate of this tactic and was embroiled an inner-party fight to dissolve the Workers Party in favor of entry into the Socialist Party of America. Early in 1936, a convention of the Workers Party finally decided that the organization should enter the SP. This decision came at a cost, however, with a left wing faction led by Hugo Oehler refusing to join the Socialists and exiting to form the Revolutionary Workers League. A. J. Muste became disgusted as well and left the radical political movement to return to his roots in the church.[citation needed]
The Trotskyists' stay inside the Socialist Party lasted only about a year from mid-1936 until mid-1937. Admissions were made on an individual basis, rather than en masse. Chicago attorney and devoted Trotskyist Albert Goldman, who entered the SP about a year earlier than his comrades, launched a factionally-oriented newspaper called The Socialist Appeal, while Cannon headed west to Tujunga, California, a suburb of Los Angeles, to launch a western paper oriented to the trade union movement called Labor Action. Day-to-day operations of the organized Trotskyist faction in the Socialist Party during 1936-37 were handled by Shachtman and James Burnham in New York, while Cannon made what he later deemed as "futile attempts to participate in correspondence in the work of the New York center."[4] As the factional situation in the Socialist Party intensified early in 1937, the decision was made by the hostile New York party organization to expel the Trotskyists, which took place late in the spring of 1937. A large percentage of the SPA's youth organization, the Young People's Socialist League left with the expelled "Left Wing". James Cannon, was noted to have said, that when the Trotskyist were expelled from the Socialist Party that, “they had expelled the heart of their party; Trotsky had won over all the serious young activists, leaving only a dead husk”[5] In the summer of 1937, Cannon returned to New York from California, where he conducted organizational activities which led to the formation of the Socialist Workers Party at a convention held from December 31, 1937 to January 3, 1938. Jim Cannon was elected as the group's first National Secretary.[citation needed]James Cannon latter wrote that, our round trip through the Socialist party had resulted in gains all along the line. We formed the Socialist Workers Party and began once again an independent struggle with good prospects and good hopes".[6]
Cannon in the SWP[edit]
In addition to his activity in the Socialist Workers Party, Cannon was a leading figure in the Fourth International, the international Trotskyist movement, and visited Britain in 1938 with the intention of aiding the unification of the competing British groups. The result was a patched together unification, the Revolutionary Socialist League, which rapidly disintegrated.
In 1940, Shachtman left with a large part of the membership to form the Workers Party, with Shachtman and Burnham arguing that the Stalinists constituted a new bureaucratic class in the Soviet Union while Cannon, like Trotsky, felt that the Soviet Union should be defended despite Stalin's dictatorship[7] and invasion of Finland. This dispute is recorded in Cannon's book The Struggle for the Proletarian Party and in Trotsky's In Defense of Marxism. Nonetheless, Stalinists sought to punish both Cannon and Trotsky for their earlier defection from the Stalin-controlled Third International. Trotsky was killed by one of Stalin's NKVD agents and the CPUSA supported the US government's prosecution of Cannon and other American Trotskyites under the Smith Act,.[8] Following the German invasion of the Soviet Union, the largely Soviet-controlled CPUSA started to support US entry into the war; this gave the CPUSA a common interest with the US government, preparing to go to war, as against Cannon's SWP which was aiming to mobilize the working class against the war. Even after his conviction on the charge of conspiring to overthrow the government and his jailing, Cannon's influence on the SWP was strong and he wrote to party leaders regularly; for example, recommending a change the party line on the Warsaw Rising. Cannon's book 'Letters from Prison' contains many of these missives.
Following the war, Cannon resumed leadership of the SWP, but this role declined after he left the post of national secretary in 1953 to Farrell Dobbs. Cannon retired to California in the mid-1950s. However, he remained an active member of the party's Political Committee. Cannon was very much involved in the splits which developed in both the SWP and the FI in 1952. He took a leading role in guiding the public faction supported by the SWP, the International Committee of the Fourth International; and supported the eventual reunification of the two sides in 1963, which led to the formation of the United Secretariat of the Fourth International. He took no part in the various tendency disputes that developed between 1963 and 1967, except to decry firmer organizational norms developed by his erstwhile supporters. These letters are collected in Don't Strangle The Party.
Death and legacy[edit]
James P. Cannon died on August 21, 1974, aged 84. His papers are housed at the Wisconsin Historical Society in Madison and are available on microfilm through interlibrary loan.
Works[edit]
A great deal of Cannon's writing has been collected, although volumes were issued non-sequentially by various publishers and are by no means exhaustive. In approximate chronological order of content, providing the publisher and date of first edition, these selected works volumes are:

The fifth year of the Russian revolution: a report of a lecture New York: Workers Party of America 1923.
Trade unions in America (with James P. Cannon and Earl Browder) Chicago, Ill. : Published for the Trade Union Educational League by the Daily worker 1925 (Little red library #1)
History of American Trotskyism, 1928–38, Report of a Participant
Leon Trotsky: memorial address "To the memory of the old man" New York : Pioneer Publishers for the Socialist Workers Party 1940
Socialism on trial: the official court record of James P. Cannon's testimony in the famous Minneapolis "sedition" trial. New York : Pioneer Publishers 1942
The workers and the Second World War: speech to the tenth National Convention of the Socialist Workers Party, Oct. 2-4, 1942 : with the political resolution adopted by the Convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
Defense policy in the Minneapolis trial. (contributor) New York, Pioneer Publishers 1942
The struggle for a proletarian party New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 (2001 edition with new introduction)
The end of the Comintern New York, Pioneer Publishers 1943 alternate link
The Russian revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
Why we are in prison: farewell speeches of the 18 SWP and 544-CIO Minneapolis prisoners. New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
The History of American Trotskyism: report of a participant New York, Pioneer Publishers 1944
American Stalinism and anti-Stalinism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The coming American revolution New York, Pioneer Publishers 1947 alternate link
The Voice of socialism: radio speeches by the Socialist Workers Party candidates in the 1948 election New York, Pioneer Publishers 1948 alternate link
The road to peace according to Stalin and according to Lenin New York, Pioneer Publishers 1951 alternate link
America's road to socialism New York, Pioneer Publishers 1953 alternate link
The I.W.W.: on the fiftieth anniversary of the founding convention New York, Pioneer Publishers 1955 (Pioneer pocket library #4)
The Debs centennial: written on the 100. anniversary of the birth of Eugene V. Debs New York, Pioneer Publishers 1956 (Pioneer pocket library #5) alternate link
Notebook of an Agitator. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1958
Socialist election policy in 1958 New York, Pioneer Publishers 1958
Socialism and democracy New York, Pioneer Publishers 1959
The First Ten Years of American Communism: Report of a Participant. New York: Lyle Stuart, 1962
Letters from prison, New York, Merit Publishers 1968
Peace politics vs revolutionary politics: Henry Wallace and the 1948 presidential campaign : report and summary of Socialist Workers Party election policy of 1948 New York, Young Socialist Alliance 1968
Leon Trotsky on labor party: stenographic report of discussion held in 1938 with leaders of the Socialist Workers Party (with others) New York: Bulletin Publications 1968
Defending the revolutionary party and its perspectives; [documents and speeches of the 1952-53 factional struggle and split in the Socialist Workers Party.]. New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1968
Speeches for Socialism. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1971.
Speeches to the Party: The Revolutionary Perspective and the Revolutionary Party. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1973.
The fight against fascism in the USA: forty years of struggle described by participants New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
What is American fascism?: writings on Father Coughlin, Mayor Frank Hague, and Senator Joseph McCarthy New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1976
Background to "The struggle for a proletarian party" New York, National Education Dept., Socialist Workers Party, 1979
Don't strangle the party: three letters and a talk New York, NY : Fourth Internationalist Tendency ; Detroit, MI : Socialist Unity, 1986
James P. Cannon and the Early Years of American Communism: Selected Writings and Speeches, 1920-1928. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 1992.
Dog Days: James P. Cannon vs. Max Shachtman in the Communist League of America, 1931-1933. New York: Prometheus Research Library, 2002.

Collected writings and speeches

The Left Opposition in the US, 1928-31. New York: Monad Press, 1981.
The Communist League of America, 1932-34. New York: Monad Press, 1985.
The Socialist Workers Party in World War II. New York: Pathfinder Press, 1975. — Writings from 1940-1943.
The Struggle for Socialism in the "American Century". New York: Pathfinder Press, 1977. — Writings from 1945-1947.

Footnotes[edit]


^ Bio at reds.linefeed.org
^ Foreword to "The Russian Revolution", by James P. Cannon, Pioneer Publishers, N.Y., March, 1944.
^ "The Struggle Against Trotskyism and the Right Danger: Declaration by Central Committee of the Workers (Communist) Party of America," Daily Worker, vol. 5, no. 272 (November 16, 1928), pg. 3.
^ James P. Cannon, The Struggle for a Proletarian Party. New York: Pioneer Publishers, 1943; pg. 54.
^ Constance, Ashton Myers (1977). The Prophets Army: Trotskyists in America, 1928-1941. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. p. 142. 
^ Cannon, James (1944). The History of American Trotskyism 1928-1938 (Third ed.). New York: Pathfinder Press. p. 300. 
^ James G Ryan, "James P. Cannon", in Biographical Dictionary of the American Left, edited by Bernard K. Johnpoll and Harvey Klehr. New York: Greenwood Press, 1986, pp. 62-65
^ John Earl Haynes. Red Scare or Red Menace?: American Communism and Anticommunism in the Cold War Era 30 (Ivan R. Dee 1996) ISBN 1-56663-090-8.


Further reading[edit]

George Breitman, Paul Le Blanc, and Alan Wald "Trotskyism in the United States: Historical Essays and Reconsiderations." New Jersey: Humanities Press, 1996.
Theodore Draper, The Roots of American Communism. New York: Viking, 1957.
Theodore Draper, American Communism and Soviet Russia. New York: Viking, 1960.
David Gillespie, "Challengers to Duopoly: Why Third Parties Matter in America Two-Party Politics." Columbia, SC: University of South Carolina Press, 2012.
Constance Ashton Myers, The Prophet's Army: Trotskyism in America, 1928-1941. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1977.
George Novack, "James P. Cannon, 1890-1974: A Tribute," International Socialist Review, vol. 35, no. 9 (Oct. 1974), pp. 6–9.
Bryan D. Palmer, James P. Cannon and the Origins of the American Revolutionary Left, 1890-1928. Urbana, IL: University of Illinois Press, 2007.

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: James P. Cannon



Works by or about James P. Cannon at Internet Archive
James P. Cannon Internet Archive, Marxists Internet Archive.
Finding Aid for James P. Cannon Papers, Wisconsin Historical Society, Madison, WI.
The Lubitz TrotskyanaNet provides a biographical sketch and a selective bibliography of James P. Cannon
Fred Mazelis, "Interview with Bryan Palmer, Biographer of James P. Cannon, Founder of American Trotskyism," World Socialist Web Site, September 28, 2007.
The Politics of James P. Cannon by Chris Bambery, International Socialism 36 (1987)



Party political offices


Preceded by
New position
National Secretary of the Socialist Workers Party
1938–1953
Succeeded by
Farrell Dobbs








v
t
e


Communist Party USA



Nominees




Presidential



1924: Foster
1928: Foster
1932: Foster
1936: Browder
1940: Browder
1968: Mitchell
1972: Hall
1976: Hall
1980: Hall
1984: Hall





Vice Presidential



1924: Gitlow
1928: Gitlow
1932: Ford
1936: Ford
1940: Ford
1968: Zagarell
1972: Tyner
1976: Tyner
1980: Davis
1984: Davis











Leaders



C. E. Ruthenberg (1919–1920; 1922–1927)
Alfred Wagenknecht (1919–1921)
Charles Dirba (1920–1921)
Louis Shapiro (late 1920)
L. E. Katterfeld (1921)
William Weinstone (1921–1922)
Jay Lovestone (1922; 1927–1929)
James P. Cannon (1921–1922)
Caleb Harrison (1921-1922)
Abram Jakira (1922–1923)
William Z. Foster (1929–1934)
Earl Browder (1934–1945)
Eugene Dennis (1945–1959)
William Z. Foster (1945–1957)
Gus Hall (1959–2000)
Sam Webb (2000–2014)
John Bachtell (2014–present)





Litigation



Albertson v. Subversive Activities Control Board
Aptheker v. Secretary of State
Communist Party v. Subversive Activities Control Board
De Jonge v. Oregon
Dennis v. United States
Kent v. Dulles
Keyishian v. Board of Regents
Noto v. United States
Scales v. United States
Smith Act trials
Watkins v. United States
Yates v. United States





Related articles



Communist Labor Party
English-language press

Non-English press


International Publishers
Language federation
National conventions
Relations with African-Americans
Young Communist League USA









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 49265621
LCCN: n50051959
ISNI: 0000 0000 8127 4281
GND: 129006076
SUDOC: 030162602
BNF: cb12163482v (data)










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=James_P._Cannon&oldid=786157722"					
Categories: 1890 births1974 deathsPeople from Kansas City, KansasAmerican communistsCommunists from KansasAmerican socialistsAmerican MarxistsAmerican TrotskyistsIndustrial Workers of the World leadersIndustrial Workers of the World membersMembers of the Socialist Party of AmericaSocialist Workers Party (United States) politiciansMembers of the Communist Labor PartyMembers of the Communist League of AmericaMembers of the Workers Party of the United StatesMembers of the Socialist Workers Party (United States)New York gubernatorial candidatesAmerican anti-war activistsAmerican atheistsAmerican Comintern peopleAmerican political writersAmerican male writersPeople convicted under the Smith ActCommunist Party USA politiciansHidden categories: Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2010Articles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikiquote 



Languages


تۆرکجهDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 16:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










James J. Cannon named president, CEO of FLIR Systems - Homeland Preparedness News
























































































            Thursday, July 27th, 2017        


 




« Researchers discover how Ebola virus harms the body’s immune system, expedites lethal effects
Bipartisan bill to enhance the nation’s domestic missile defense systems submitted to Senate »



James J. Cannon named president, CEO of FLIR Systems

Friday, May 26, 2017
by HPN News Desk


 

 James J. Cannon

FLIR Systems, Inc. recently announced that James J. Cannon will succeed Andy Teich as the company’s president and CEO, effective June 19, 2017.
“We are delighted to appoint a chief executive of Jim’s caliber,” FLIR’s Chairman of the Board Earl R. Lewis said. “Jim’s proven track record of achieving strong results in both business and the military make him uniquely well qualified to serve as FLIR’s next CEO. Our Board of Directors conducted a thorough search process, in which Jim distinguished himself as a true leader of leaders and demonstrated his experience and adaptability running business units worldwide.
Cannon will now lead the company’s portfolio of technology-based products and applications, which includes a variety of high-definition cameras, thermal cameras, and numerous security-related devices.
Prior to joining FLIR, Cannon spent 16 years in various capacities at Stanley Black and Decker, most recently serving as the company’s president of its North America and Emerging Markets. From there, he managed more than 5,000 employees and led the operations of various manufacturing plants and distribution centers. 
Cannon also served for 10 years in the U.S. Army as an infantryman and armor officer, working in a wide variety of assignments including Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm in Iraq. He holds a degree in business administration and marketing from the University of Tennessee-Chattanooga. 




« Researchers discover how Ebola virus harms the body’s immune system, expedites lethal effects
Bipartisan bill to enhance the nation’s domestic missile defense systems submitted to Senate »






Subscribe to Our Newsletter












Most Read Last 7 Days

Anti-human trafficking groups applaud Justice Department’s criminal inquiry into Backpage.com Sri Lankan Ministry of Health reports dengue fever outbreak House advances first Homeland Security reauthorization bill in department’s history House Intel Committee unanimously passes FY2018 Intelligence Authorization Act House Appropriations Committee approves FY2018 DHS Appropriations bill 

Public Health Security News

Emergent Biosolutions secures Valneva’s Zika virus vaccine technology


White House working on pandemic, biosecurity strategy


With GHSA conference underway, world considers best path forward for disease control


UC San Diego researchers selected for DARPA project against mosquito-borne diseases


Model developed to determine risk time frame for mosquito-borne virus infection


Latest Policy News

Representatives urge Secretary Tillerson not to close cybersecurity office


Hearing addresses technology’s role in mitigating illicit activity along southwest border


Anti-human trafficking groups applaud Justice Department’s criminal inquiry into Backpage.com


Hawaii to receive $6.1 million from CDC to support public health emergency preparedness efforts


Bill to improve data collection in officer-involved fatal incidents introduced in Senate



News Archives






2017

2017
Jul
Jun
May
Apr
Mar
Feb
Jan



2016

2016
Dec
Nov
Oct
Sep
Aug
Jul
Jun
May
Apr
Mar
Feb
Jan


 





Home
Threats

Cyber
Biological
Chemical
Border
Transportation
Emerging Infectious Diseases


Countermeasures

Private
Government
Research


First Responders
Government Policy

United States
International


About Us
Contact Us





















FLIR Systems Appoints James J. Cannon as President & CEO Envirotech Online
































  




































 





 





Business News













Related stories




High Sensitivity Gas Leak Visualisation





Portable Gas Chromatograph-Mass Spectrometer for Chemical Hazard Identification







Portable Gas Chromatograph-Mass Spectrometer for Chemical Hazard Identification





Portable Gas Chromatograph-Mass Spectrometer for Chemical Hazard Identification





FLIR Systems Appoints James J. Cannon as President & CEO



Request information



May 26 2017 Comments 0

FLIR Systems, Inc. today announced that James J. (“Jim”) Cannon has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective June 19, 2017. Mr. Cannon will succeed Andy Teich, whose retirement after 33 years of service was previously announced on February 14, 2017.
Mr. Cannon’s extensive and varied leadership experience, together with his proven operational expertise and ability to adapt business strategies to meet evolving market needs, makes him ideally suited to lead FLIR and its portfolio of innovative technology-based products and applications. He previously served for more than 16 years in a variety of senior leadership positions at Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., most recently as President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets. Prior to that, Mr. Cannon was President of the company’s Industrial & Automotive Repair (IAR) business unit, first in North America and subsequently in Europe and Latin America, before then serving as President of Stanley Oil & Gas.
In addition to his global, cross-functional leadership experience at Stanley Black & Decker, Mr. Cannon served in the U.S. Army for 10 years as an infantryman and armor officer in a wide variety of assignments around the world, including Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in Iraq, where he learned to truly appreciate FLIR’s technology and was awarded a Combat Infantryman’s Badge. He later oversaw key security missions as part of the Army’s peace enforcement operations in Bosnia.
“We are delighted to appoint a chief executive of Jim’s caliber,” said Earl R. Lewis, Chairman of the FLIR Board of Directors. “Jim’s proven track record of achieving strong results in both business and the military make him uniquely well qualified to serve as FLIR’s next CEO. Our Board of Directors conducted a thorough search process, in which Jim distinguished himself as a true leader of leaders and demonstrated his experience and adaptability running business units worldwide. We’re confident he is the right person to lead FLIR’s dedicated employees. On behalf of the entire Board, I’m pleased to welcome Jim and am excited to work closely with him as we continue to leverage the unique attributes of the FLIR brand and product portfolio to deliver increased value to our shareholders.”
“The opportunity to join this outstanding leadership team and serve alongside over 3,000
talented FLIR employees worldwide as the Company’s next CEO is a great honor,” said Mr. Cannon. “The FLIR brand is synonymous with continuous innovation and delivering value to customers around the world. From my own personal experience having relied on FLIR technology as a combat veteran, I’ve seen firsthand the powerful, life-saving impact the Company’s portfolio of solutions can have for our customers. Andy and the FLIR team have done a great job building out FLIR’s technology and business, and I’m excited to build on that success and drive further growth for the benefit of FLIR’s employees, customers, and shareholders.”
As President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets, Mr. Cannon held direct P&L responsibilities across five business units, managed over 5,000 employees, and oversaw the operations of numerous manufacturing plants and distribution centers. In this role, he successfully developed and executed a strategic plan that reduced complexity and cost while driving continued and sustained improvement. In his previous roles as President of Stanley Oil & Gas, President of IAR Europe & Latin America, and President of IAR North America, he demonstrated his operational skills by driving significant organic growth, increased efficiency, and improved profitability at each business unit. 
Mr. Cannon serves on the board of directors of Lydall, Inc. and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration/Marketing from the University of Tennessee in Chattanooga. Mr. Cannon will be based out of the Company’s Wilsonville, Oregon headquarters.
Founded in 1978 and headquartered in Wilsonville, Oregon, FLIR Systems is a world-leading maker of sensor systems that enhance perception and heighten awareness, helping to save lives, improve productivity, and protect the environment. Through its
nearly 3,500 employees, FLIR’s vision is to be “The World’s Sixth Sense” by leveraging thermal imaging and adjacent technologies to provide innovative, intelligent solutions for security and surveillance, environmental and condition monitoring, outdoor recreation,
machine vision, navigation, and advanced threat detection.




Request information







Read comments0
Do you like or dislike what you have read? Why not post a comment to tell others / the manufacturer and our Editor what you think. To leave comments please complete the form below. Providing the content is approved, your comment will be on screen in less than 24 hours. Leaving comments on product information and articles can assist with future editorial and article content. Post questions, thoughts or simply whether you like the content.








Business News



Spectro Scientific, one of the world’s largest suppliers of oil, fuel, and processed-water analysis instrumentation and software, recently has been awarded...




Recent Awards of Multiple U.S. Patents Reinforce Spectro Scientific’s...
Jul 26 2017 Comments 0





Business News



Norway has threatened to cut its lucrative funding to Brazil’s Amazon salvation fund, in the event that deforestation of the sector continues to increase....




Why Is Norway Threatening Brazil?
Jul 25 2017 Comments 0







Business News



Sales center aims to serve its customers even better in the future

Endress+Hauser has invested 4.5 million euros in a new sales office in Shah Alam near K...




Endress+Hauser Opens New Building in Malaysia
Jul 25 2017 Comments 0





Business News



One of the biggest problems facing the widespread adoption of electric cars in place of petrol or diesel driven engines is their battery life; no one wants t...




Can We Charge Electric Cars on the Go?
Jul 24 2017 Comments 0











 

















 





 


Trending News




How Will Climate Change Affect Coffee?





What is the 'White Wanderer'?







How Much Wastewater Is Used on Farms?





EarthSense Systems Gains from UK Space Agency S...







Measuring CO2 to Optimise the Bulk Storage of Food






Digital Edition




International Environmental Technology May / June 2017
June 2017
Gas Detection


	A Fresh Approach to Natural Gas Network Surveys


Environmental Laboratory


	What’s New in the Analysis of Complex Environmental Matrices?
	Determination of Natural an...

View all digital editions







 


Trending Articles




Workplace toxic gas detectors – Major revisio...





The Importance of Biochemical Oxygen Demand (BO...







Occupational Safety and Health: Workers and Ind...





Active versus Passive Air Sampling - Eddie Salter







The Importance of Measuring Total Organic Carbon











 

Events


WATEX 
Jul 29 2017 Tehran, Iran


DXC 2017
Jul 31 2017 Big Sky, MMT, USA


World Congress on Chromatography
Aug 07 2017 Rome, Italy


DIOXIN 2017
Aug 20 2017 Vancouver, Canada


AWRE 2017
Aug 23 2017 Melbourne, Australia


View all events











Environmental Laboratory
Water/Wastewater
Air Monitoring
Gas Detection
Portable/Field Testing
Health & Safety
Business News




International Labmate Limited 
				Oak Court Business Centre 
				Sandridge Park, Porters Wood 
				St Albans 
				Hertfordshire 
				AL3 6PH 
				United Kingdom
			

T   +44 (0)1727 858 840 
F   +44 (0)1727 840 310 
E info@labmate-online.com



Terms & Conditions Privacy
Copyright © 2017 Labmate Online. All rights reserved.











James J. Cannon New President and CEO At FLIR Systems | Security.World
















































 










News Source For The Physical Security Industry


















James J. Cannon New President and CEO At FLIR Systems

Posted by Jay Bartlett  May 25, 2017 8:38 am


            Categories: Corporate News Tags: ceo, Flir Systems, James J. Cannon, Management, president.
		












FLIR Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: FLIR) announced that James J. (“Jim”) Cannon has been appointed President and Chief Executive Officer, effective June 19, 2017. Mr. Cannon will succeed Andy Teich, whose retirement after 33 years of service was previously announced on February 14, 2017. 














Mr. Cannon’s extensive and varied leadership experience, together with his proven operational expertise and ability to adapt business strategies to meet evolving market needs, makes him ideally suited to lead FLIR and its portfolio of innovative technology-based products and applications. He previously served for more than 16 years in a variety of senior leadership positions at Stanley Black & Decker, Inc., most recently as President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets. Prior to that, Mr. Cannon was President of the company’s Industrial & Automotive Repair (IAR) business unit, first in North America and subsequently in Europe and Latin America, before then serving as President of Stanley Oil & Gas.
In addition to his global, cross-functional leadership experience at Stanley Black & Decker, Mr. Cannon served in the U.S. Army for 10 years as an infantryman and armor officer in a wide variety of assignments around the world, including Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm in Iraq, where he learned to truly appreciate FLIR’s technology and was awarded a Combat Infantryman’s Badge. He later oversaw key security missions as part of the Army’s peace enforcement operations in Bosnia.
“We are delighted to appoint a chief executive of Jim’s caliber,” said Earl R. Lewis, Chairman of the FLIR Board of Directors. “Jim’s proven track record of achieving strong results in both business and the military make him uniquely well qualified to serve as FLIR’s next CEO. Our Board of Directors conducted a thorough search process, in which Jim distinguished himself as a true leader of leaders and demonstrated his experience and adaptability running business units worldwide. We’re confident he is the right person to lead FLIR’s dedicated employees. On behalf of the entire Board, I’m pleased to welcome Jim and am excited to work closely with him as we continue to leverage the unique attributes of the FLIR brand and product portfolio to deliver increased value to our shareholders.”
“The opportunity to join this outstanding leadership team and serve alongside over 3,000 talented FLIR employees worldwide as the Company’s next CEO is a great honor,” said Mr. Cannon. “The FLIR brand is synonymous with continuous innovation and delivering value to customers around the world. From my own personal experience having relied on FLIR technology as a combat veteran, I’ve seen firsthand the powerful, life-saving impact the Company’s portfolio of solutions can have for our customers. Andy and the FLIR team have done a great job building out FLIR’s technology and business, and I’m excited to build on that success and drive further growth for the benefit of FLIR’s employees, customers, and shareholders.”
As President of Stanley Security North America & Emerging Markets, Mr. Cannon held direct P&L responsibilities across five business units, managed over 5,000 employees, and oversaw the operations of numerous manufacturing plants and distribution centers. In this role, he successfully developed and executed a strategic plan that reduced complexity and cost while driving continued and sustained improvement. In his previous roles as President of Stanley Oil & Gas, President of IAR Europe & Latin America, and President of IAR North America, he demonstrated his operational skills by driving significant organic growth, increased efficiency, and improved profitability at each business unit. 
Mr. Cannon serves on the board of directors of Lydall, Inc. and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration/Marketing from the University of Tennessee in Chattanooga. 
Mr. Cannon will be based out of the Company’s Wilsonville, Oregon headquarters.

Source: flir.com





0 Comments






Home › Forums › James J. Cannon New President and CEO At FLIR Systems
Tagged: ceo, Flir Systems, James J. Cannon, Management, president
This topic contains 0 replies, has 1 voice, and was last updated by  Jay Bartlett 2 months ago.



How you feel about it?


Your information:

Name (required):



Mail (will not be published) (required):



Website:









Cancel
Submit


















Categories 
Access Control

Accessories

Airports / Seaports / Railroads

Banking & Finance

Behavioral Analysis

Biometric RFID

Biometrics

Business Intelligence

Campus Security

Casinos

CaughtOnCamera

CCTV / Analog

City Surveillance

Cloud

Corporate News

Critical Infrastructure

Customer Implementations

Cyber Security

Distributors / Systems Integrators

Education

Health Care

Hot Topic

Integrated Systems

IP Cameras

Law Enforcement

Legal

Legislation

Market Research

Military

Mobile / In-Vehicle

Network

New Products

NVRs / DVRs

Oil and Gas – Energy

ONVIF

Privacy

Product Focus

PSIM

Residential

Retail

Retail Fraud

Smart Devices

Solutions

Storage

Surveillance

Surveillance Statutes

Technologies

Transportation

Uncategorized

Verticals

Video Analytics

VMS Software











Subscribe
Get the latest news and information direct from us to you!





Email







Loading - Please wait


Camera Resolution OverviewResolution terms may be used to describe the size of the image captured at the camera, transmitted over a wire, displayed on the screen, or recorded on the hard drive. CIF, QCIF, 2CIF, 4CIF, and Megapixel are common terms for resolution. When comparing megapixel camera specifications you may notice pixel …Upcoming Events




SANS FIRE 2017



July 22 - July 29 




Black Hat USA 2017



July 22 - July 27 




SAREM Forum and Technology Exposition



July 25 - July 27 




Security Exhibition & Conference SYDNEY 2017!



July 26 - July 28 




2017 IML Expo – Colorado



July 26 - July 27 



View All Events

Popular Posts

 2016 Physical Security Industry Influencers: VOTE NOW!


 BCDVideo Delivers New Avaya-Based Shortest Path Bridging Network Switches:  And Why You Should Care


 Milestone Cuts All Ties With OnSSI


 2016: Who Is a Physical Security and Video Surveillance Market Influencer?


 Point Blank and Genetec Provide Body Worn Cameras And Case Management System To North Miami Police Department
 
 


 BrainChip Adds Thomas Stengel As VP Of Americas Business Development








Also in SecurityWorld
Corporate News

 Vicon Reports Financial Results For First Quarter Ended December 31, 2016

Behavioral Analysis

 How Police Body Cameras Change Our Perception Of Right And Wrong

Education

 Scambook Recommends Four Tips To Insure IP-cameras Are Secure From Hackers

Uncategorized

 Vicon Reports Financial Results For First Quarter Ended December 31, 2016

Distributors / Systems Integrators

 PSA Announces New National Deployment Program

Transportation

 Safe Cities: How Network Video Is Revolutionising Transport Safety And Efficiency












































 Insert/edit link
Close


Enter the destination URL

URL



Link Text




 Open link in a new tab


Or link to existing content



Search












No search term specified. Showing recent items.
Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item.










Cancel





















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Check Any VIN - It's Free | Free VIN Check and Vehicle History

























RESEARCH ANY VEHICLE IN SECONDS


Search By Make and Model or VIN.

Click Here To Get Free Report







Research Vehicles
By Make and Model



Select Make




Loading Model...




Loading Year...




Search Now














Research and Compare

                    Research.com is the most comprehensive resource for researching new and used vehicles. We have simplified the process allowing you to compare automotive information using vehicle model and year or VIN.
                










Reviews


                    At Research.com we provide unlimited access to new and used car reviews and car history from automotive industry leaders. We make the complicated car-buying research and VIN  lookup simpler, saving you time and money.
                










Safety

                    Research.com has partnered with the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to provide comprehensive ratings of each vehicle. Simply choose a vehicle model and year or VIN lookup to learn about safety features and equipment.
                









Features and Specs

                    Our database contains detailed specifications, features, technical, VIN decoder, VIN check, vehicle history and performance data for most any car on the market. Our vehicle information and free VIN check services are provided at no cost to you. Research.com is a free carfax alternative for reliable vehicle VIN data.

                











Latest Reviews




2017 Chevrolet Tahoe






LIKES

 Upright Styling
 Excellent new v-8 Drivetrain
 Big LCD love for the cabin
 Fold-flat seats - now with optional power folding
 Modern cockpit design




DISLIKES

 Upright Styling
 V-8 only - no diesel, no hybrid
 Size can be problematic in urban settings
Read Full Review








2017 Chevrolet Corvette





LIKES

 Striking Exterior Design
 Great V-8 power & torque
 Efficient for its performance level
 8-speed auto matches dual-clutch competition
 Supercar-level performance in Z06
                




DISLIKES

 Still a thirsty v-8 sports car around town
 Why no turbo V-6
 Body vents distract from lines
 Extreme function over form in Z06 aerodynamics
Read Full Review








2017 Jaguar F-Type






LIKES

 Electrifying styling
 Lighter weight compare to some rival
 A stunning V-8 exhaust note
 Muscular performance, no matter the cylinder count
 Revamped infotainment




DISLIKES

 Prices are rather high, no?
 All-wheel drive is a must-take on R variants
 Looks better from the rear, if that's a problem
Read Full Review








2017 Mazda 3






LIKES

 Phenomenal exterior
 Perky performance
 Good base equipment
 Solid safety record




DISLIKES

 Relatively disappointing interior
 Small-ish space
 Mixed interior material
Read Full Review




 


Best-Selling Cars


 Best-Selling Cars


Chevrolet Cruze
Chevrolet Malibu
Dodge Charger
Ford Focus
Ford Fusion
Honda Accord
Honda Civic
Hyundai Elantra
Hyundai Sonata
Kia Forte
Kia Optima
Kia Soul
Mercedes-Benz C-Class
Nissan Altima
Nissan Sentra
Nissan Versa
Toyota Camry
Toyota Corolla
Toyota Prius
Volkswagen Jetta


Best-Selling Luxury Vehicles

Acura MDX
Acura RDX
Audi Q5
BMW 3-Series
BMW X3
BMW X5
Cadillac XT5
Lexus ES
Lexus IS
Lexus NX
Lexus RX
Mercedes-Benz C-Class
Mercedes-Benz CLS-Class




Best-Selling SUVs

Chevrolet Equinox
Chevrolet Tahoe
Chevrolet Traverse
Ford Edge
Ford Escape
Ford Explorer
GMC Acadia
Honda CR-V
Honda Pilot
Hyundai Santa Fe
Jeep Cherokee
Jeep Grand Cherokee
Jeep Renegade
Jeep Wrangler
Kia Sorento
Nissan Rogue
Subaru Forester
Subaru Outback
Toyota Highlander
Toyota RAV4


 Best-Selling Pickup Trucks

Chevrolet Colorado
Chevrolet Silverado
Ford F-Series
GMC Canyon
GMC Sierra
Nissan Frontier
Nissan Titan
Ram
Toyota Tacoma
Toyota Tundra




Best-Selling Vehicles

Chevrolet Cruze
Chevrolet Equinox
Chevrolet Malibu
Chevrolet Silverado
Ford Escape
Ford Explorer
Ford F-Series
Ford Fusion
GMC Sierra
Honda Accord
Honda Civic
Honda CR-V
Hyundai Elantra
Hyundai Sonata
Jeep Cherokee
Jeep Grand Cherokee
Jeep Wrangler
Kia Optima
Kia Soul
Nissan Altima
Nissan Rogue
Nissan Sentra
Ram P/U
Subaru Forester
Subaru Outback
Toyota Camry
Toyota Corolla
Toyota Highlander
Toyota RAV4
Toyota Tacoma


Best-Selling Minivans

Chrysler Pacifica
Chrysler Town & Country
Dodge Grand Caravan
Honda Odyssey
Kia Sedona
Nissan Quest
Toyota Sienna




Available Manufacturers







                        Acura                    









                        Alfa Romeo                    









                        Am General                    









                        Aston Martin                    









                        Audi                    









                        Bentley                    









                        BMW                    









                        Bugatti                    









                        Buick                    









                        Cadillac                    









                        Chevrolet                    









                        Chrysler                    









                        Dodge                    









                        Ferrari                    









                        Fiat                    









                        Fisker                    









                        Ford                    









                        Genesis                    









                        GMC                    









                        Honda                    









                        Hummer                    









                        Hyundai                    









                        Infiniti                    









                        Isuzu                    









                        Jaguar                    









                        Jeep                    









                        Kia                    









                        Lamborghini                    









                        Land Rover                    









                        Lexus                    









                        Lincoln                    









                        Lotus                    









                        Maserati                    









                        Maybach                    









                        Mazda                    









                        Mclaren                    









                        Mercedes Benz                    









                        MINI                    









                        Mitsubishi                    









                        Nissan                    









                        Oldsmobile                    









                        Panoz                    









                        Pontiac                    









                        Porsche                    









                        Ram                    









                        Saturn                    









                        Scion                    









                        Smart                    









                        Spyker                    









                        Subaru                    









                        Tesla                    









                        Toyota                    









                        Volkswagen                    









                        Volvo                    









Automotive Information From Trusted Brands




 
 


 







 






 
 















                Research.com provides access to information we collect from public and third-party sources.  While the information is routinely updated, we cannot verify or guarantee its accuracy or completeness due to our lack of control of the sourced data.  By accessing the information provided you agree to do so at your own risk.  For details, please check out Terms of Service.  All images and content on Research.com are subject to copyright and trademark. A vehicle history report, also known as a VIN check or a VIN lookup, is an automotive data resource that provides information about the history of a particular vehicle. In order to provide accurate VIN reports we show data from NMVTIS.
                
                           
            


 Find us on 







 































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































