




















 



 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals engages with Mountain High Products in Colorado 
         










    










 






 











 









Cannabics Pharmaceuticals engages with Mountain High Products in Colorado

Dec 18, 2014, 09:41 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


BETHESDA, Md., Dec. 18, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OTCQB: CNBX) announced today that it has executed a letter of engagement with Mountain High Products in Colorado, for the manufacturing and distribution of Cannabics SR medical cannabis products in the Colorado market.  
Mountain High Products is a leading cannabis infused products manufacturer and distributor in Colorado, with a diverse line of edible and concentrate products which excel in quality, consistency and potency.
Cannabics SR medical cannabis products will be produced by Mountain High Products in strict compliance with Colorado laws and regulations of "Cannabis Infused Edible Products" and distributed to certified dispensaries through Mountain High's existing distribution channels.
Under the terms of the engagement letter, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals shall license to Mountain High the exclusive right to use its proprietary Cannabics SR technology for the manufacturing and commercialization of the products in the Colorado market, and any additional US market to which the parties shall decide to enter together. The parties intend to transform the engagement letter into a definitive IP license agreement within a few months from the launch of operations and commencement of successful collaboration.
Dr. Zohar Koren, CEO of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, stated, "We are very excited to launch the collaboration with Mountain High Products in Colorado and thus offer our line of advanced medical cannabis products to American patients for the first time. Mountain High Products is an ideal strategic partner for us to launch US commercialization operations and by far the most professional and dedicated manufacturer of edible cannabis products in Colorado."
Nancy Whiteman, owner of Mountain High Products added, "We are thrilled to partner with Cannabics Pharmaceuticals.  From our perspective, the ability to offer an extended release option in cannabis medication will be a game changing improvement to a patient's medical marijuana experience.  The Cannabics SR technology will enable patients to have more consistent and longer lasting relief from pain, insomnia and other medical conditions without the highs and lows of other cannabis options. This is truly a huge step forward for medical marijuana."
About Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is an emerging drug development company focused on the development and commercialization of advanced drugs, therapies, food supplements and administration routes based on the wide range of active ingredients found in diverse and unique strains of the Cannabis plant. Cannabics' current flagship product is Cannabics SR an IP pending medical cannabis capsule designed specifically for cancer patients as a palliative care treatment. Cannabics' proprietary SR technology provides 10-12 hours of steady state and beneficial therapeutic effects profile, and thus allows for a convenient oral, once-per-day or twice-per-day dosing regimen of medical cannabis for patients. Cannabics is now preparing to launch its line of SR products in eligible states of the US and EU markets under existing medical cannabis regulatory pathways, while simultaneously preparing to launch a series of formal clinical studies in order to establish the unique medical benefits of its products for patients suffering from various indications.
For more information, visit www.cannabics.com  
About Mountain High Products LLC
Mountain High Products LLC was formed five years ago and is one of the most diversified and well-established infused products companies in Colorado.  Within its 10,000 square foot manufacturing facility, the company has broad capabilities. It runs the largest extraction operation in the state using CO2, n-butane, heptane and ethanol supported by a fully equipped support lab.  Under the brand name 'Wana' the company makes over 20 distinct edible products, custom hash, vape oil, and a full line of topicals.  Mountain High also sells a variety of equipment, packaging and consulting services to the cannabis industry.  From this foundation and its upcoming 2015 growth into Nevada, Washington, Oregon and other states, this strategic alliance with Cannabics offers an ideal opportunity to use Mountain High's strengths in science, engineering, extraction, manufacturing, sales and logistics to build Cannabics products into a leading U.S. brand.
For more information, visit www.wanabrands.com 
DISCLAIMER: 
Certain statements contained in this release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to statements identified by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "targets," "projects" and similar expressions. The statements in this release are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences, including, but not limited to, results of clinical trials and/or other studies, the challenges inherent in new product development initiatives, the effect of any competitive products, our ability to license and protect our intellectual property, our ability to raise additional capital in the future that is necessary to maintain our business, changes in government policy and/or regulation, potential litigation by or against us, any governmental review of our products or practices, as well as other risks discussed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, our latest 10-K Report filed on December 15th, 2014. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement or any information contained in this press release or in other public disclosures at any time.
For Further Information, please contact:
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Itamar Borochov
Corporate VP Marketing
877-424-2429
Info@Cannabics.com
 
 SOURCE  Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.cannabics.com/



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 06, 2015, 08:30 ET
Preview: Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Engages with the Technion Institute for the Screening of Potential Anticancer Cannabinoid Compounds






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jun 30, 2017, 08:30 ET
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Establishes a Human-Cannabis-Cancer...














Jun 30, 2017, 08:30 ET
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Executed a Final Collaboration...














Jun 30, 2017, 08:30 ET
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Receives Positive Results in Drug...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

10-Q: CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,797
+85.54
+0.39%






Nasdaq

6,382
-40.56
-0.63%






S&P 500

2,475
-2.41
-0.10%









6:55 P.M. ET


                                  Senate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
                                





 
6:46 P.M. ET


Updated
      Scaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
                                





 
6:39 P.M. ET


Updated
      Ethereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
                                





 
6:04 P.M. ET


                                  This fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
                                





 
6:03 P.M. ET


                                  This basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
                                





 
5:54 P.M. ET


                                  Lighting Up 
                                





 
5:47 P.M. ET


                                  Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
                                





 
5:47 P.M. ET


                                  What a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
                                





 
5:42 P.M. ET


Updated
      All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
                                





 
5:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      Bitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
                                





 
5:32 P.M. ET


                                  Baidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
                                





 
5:30 P.M. ET


Updated
      Senators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
                                





 
5:27 P.M. ET


                                  Jonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
                                





 
5:23 P.M. ET


                                  Amazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
                                





 
5:22 P.M. ET


                                  A quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
                                





 
5:09 P.M. ET


                                  NuVasive shares drop after announced COO, CFO departures
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


                                  Boston Beer jumps on stellar second-quarter earnings 
                                





 
5:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq
                                





 
5:00 P.M. ET


                                  Amazon earnings fall 77%, shares drop
                                





 
4:45 P.M. ET


                                  Electronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until Tokyo Markets Open

US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
    








    By

Published: July 17, 2017 11:53 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  SPECIAL NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our security holders and to the public. This report, therefore, contains statements about future events and expectations which are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including the statements about our plans, objectives, expectations and prospects under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." You can expect to identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "may," "might," "could," "would," "will," "anticipate," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "project," "expect," "intend," "seek" and other similar expressions. Any statement contained in this report that is not a statement of historical fact may be deemed to be a forward-looking statement. Although we believe that the plans, objectives, expectations and prospects reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that our plans, objectives, expectations and prospects will be achieved.  Important factors that might cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements are contained in the "Risk Factors" section of and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2015 and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The following discussion of our results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report.  Company Overview  Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the "Company", "CNBX", "we", "us" or "our") was incorporated in Nevada on September 15, 2004, under the name of Thrust Energy Corp. The Company was originally engaged in the exploration, exploitation, development and production of oil and gas projects within North America, but was unable to operate profitably.  In May 2011, the Company changed its name to American Mining Corporation, suspending its oil and gas operations and changing its business to toll milling and refining, mineral exploration and mine development.  On April 25, 2014, the Company experienced a change in control. Cannabics, Inc. ("Cannabics") acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with stock purchase agreements by and between Cannabics and Thomas Mills ("Mills"). On the closing date, April 25, 2014, pursuant to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement, Cannabics purchased from Mills 20,500,000 shares of the Company's outstanding restricted common stock for $198,000, representing 51%.  Cannabics, Inc. is a US based company founded in 2012 by a group of researchers from the fields of molecular biology, cancer research and pharmacology.  On May 21, 2014, the Company changed its name, via merger in the state of Nevada, to Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. The Company's principle offices are in Bethesda, Maryland. At the same time the Company has changed its course of business to pharmaceutical research and development.  On June 3, 2014, the Company's Board of Directors declared a two-to-one forward stock split of all outstanding shares of common stock. The stock split was approved by FINRA on June 19, 2014. The effect of the stock split increased the number of shares of common stock outstanding from 40,880,203 to 81,760,406. All common share and per common share data in these financial statements and related notes hereto have been retroactively adjusted to account for the effect of the stock split for all periods presented prior to June 3rd, 2014. The total number of authorized common shares and the par value thereof was not changed by the split.  On June 19, 2014, FINRA granted final approval of Change of Name & Ticker Symbol of the Corporation from American Mining Corporation to Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc., with the new Ticker Symbol of "CNBX". Said approval was predicated upon Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s filing of Articles of Merger with American Mining Corporation with the Nevada Secretary of State on May 21st, 2014. Under the laws of the State of Nevada, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. was merged with and into the Registrant, with the Registrant being the surviving entity. The Merger was completed under Section 92A.180 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, Chapter 92A, as amended, and as such, does not require the approval of the stockholders of either the Registrant or Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.  On July 24, 2014, the Company executed a Collaboration & Exclusivity Agreement with Cannabics, Inc. ("Cannabics"), a Delaware corporation and largest shareholder of the Company. Per the terms of the Agreement, the Company issued 18,239,594 shares of its common stock to Cannabics, Inc. for $150,000 cash received.  On July 31, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. filed its exclusive Patent Application with the US Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO), which covers the proprietary technology developed by its team of experts in the field of cannabinoid long acting lipid based formulations. This patent is the basis for the company's "CANNABICS SR" technology, which consists of the IP for standardized and long acting medical cannabis capsules, designed for patients suffering from diverse indications. Simultaneously this Patent was filed with the PCT division of the Israeli Patent Office (ILPO) in order to provide International IP protection. On February 24, 2016 Cannabics pharmaceuticals filed a new and comprehensive patent application for the company's slow release capsules  On August 25, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in Israel, named "G.R.I.N Ultra Ltd", dedicated to the advanced research and development in the company's research laboratory in Caesarea, Israel.  On October 20, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. received Government Certification from the Ministry of Health in Israel for the establishment of an advanced R&D laboratory dedicated to medical research and development of cannabinoid-based therapies. R&D is conducted to date in Israel and has resulted in an IP portfolio that includes proprietary formulation methods of cannabinoid extracts that enable a sustained release PK profile of the active ingredients upon oral administration. Our first technology is "Cannabics SR" - a standardized, high bioavailability, sustained release medical cannabis capsule that is based on cannabinoid extracts from selected strains of medical cannabis. The Cannabics SR proprietary formulation was shown to provide a steady state level of beneficial therapeutic effects within the therapeutic window for 10-12 hours. In Israel, numerous patients (most of them oncology patients) have already been treated with Cannabics SR capsules; with both patients and doctors reporting high levels of satisfaction from the uniformity and long lasting therapeutic effects of this unique medical technology.  On November 4, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. executed an IP Licensing and Collaboration Agreement with Kalapa Holdings (Spain) for the production and distribution of the Company's CANNABICS SR medical capsules. The IP Licensing Agreement allows for the Company's advanced cannabinoid administration technology to be manufactured and distributed in Spain, exclusively through Kalapa Holdings and its subsidiaries in strict compliance with Spanish law and regulations to certified patients.  On December 18, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. executed a letter of engagement with Mountain High Products in Colorado, for the manufacturing and distribution of Cannabics SR technology in the Colorado market. Cannabics SR medical cannabis technology will be utilized by Mountain High Products in strict compliance with Colorado laws and regulations of "Cannabis Infused Edible Products" and distributed to certified dispensaries through Mountain High's existing distribution channels.  On January 29, 2015, the Company executed an Agreement with Rambam Medical Center (Israel) to undertake a controlled pilot study utilizing Cannabics SR Capsules as palliative treatment to improve cancer related Cachexia and Anorexia Syndrome in advanced stage cancer patients. Rambam is a world renowned academic hospital acknowledged for their cutting-edge research projects and integration of innovative new therapies and treatments to over 2 million residents of Northern Israel. You can view the details of this ongoing study from the NIH website at  On February 15, 2015, the Company executed of a Research Agreement with the Technion Research & Development Foundation Ltd (Israel) to undertake a Research Project entitled " The Assessment of the Antitumor Activity of the Whole Cannabis Plant Extract, Components and Derivatives Thereof". Under the terms of the Agreement, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals will collaborate with the Technion's Laboratory of Cancer Biology and Cannabinoid Research. The purpose of this Research is to develop a diagnostic and therapeutic system to harness the anti-cancer properties of active cannabis-based ingredients. The study will screen and evaluate different types of human cancer cells treated with a multitude of cannabinoid combinations and observe and catalogue the effects thereof. Technion is consistently ranked among the world's top science and Technology Research Universities. The Faculty of Biology is comprised of 23 independent research groups, focusing on a variety of aspects of Cellular, Molecular and Developmental Biology. The faculty has extensive collaborations with the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.  On May 27, 2015, the Company filed a Patent with the USPTO entitled "A Method of in Vitro High Throughput Screening of Cancer Biopsies with Cannabinoid Extracts". In essence, this patent takes the next step from the cancer cell knowledge already obtained from cell lines in the Technion Laboratory and extends it to a system of analyzing cancer cells taken from patient biopsies, and then testing them against a multitude of cannabinoid combinations for anti-tumor activity via the High Throughput Screening process. This patent formally begins the next phase of the Company, which is Personalized Medicine (PM). We have developed an automated high-throughput method for the screening of different types of cancer cells or biopsies treated with a multitude of cannabis extracts. These natural extracts could also be tested in conjunction with already approved and common synthetic drugs for patients that undergo chemotherapy for the most personally tailored therapy. This multilayer method is producing a large-scale database that will capture the knowledge gained as to the unique effects of different combinations of cannabinoid compounds on diverse malignancies. Coextensive with the development of the automated high-throughput system, we are also developing proprietary and novel compounds targeting diverse and specific types of tumors.  On January 25, 2016, the Company executed an exclusive IP Licensing Agreement with Mountain High Products LLC and the Cima Group LLC for the production and distribution of the Company's CANNABICS SR technology of medical cannabis capsules in Colorado. And with, Cima Group LLC which is a related party to Mountain High Products LLC and is charged with their operations in states outside of Colorado.  On February 24, 2016, the Company filed a new patent application for the company's slow release medical capsules with the US Patent & Trademark Office, as noted in their Press Release of that date.  On March 22, 2016, the Company announced the start of a regulated Clinical Study for Cancer Patients in Israel under the auspices of the Rambam Medical Center and the Ministry of Health. This clinical study involves patients with advanced cancer and cancer anorexia cachexia syndrome (CACS), endpoints examined are weight gain appetite, quality of life and a marker for anti-cancer activity. Quality of life in patients with CACS is directly related to loss of appetite and loss of weight. This study examines the influence of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals SR capsules on both of these common effects of cancer and cancer treatment. Secondary outcome measures are improvement in appetite, reduction in TNF-alpha level, safety assessment for early psychiatric side-effects, quality of life and evaluation of muscle strength. While this study is taking place in Israel, it is fully registered with the US NIH under "Cannabics Capsules as Treatment to Improve Cancer Related CACS in Advanced Cancer Patients", Identifier NCT02359123, and may be found at https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02359123.  On June 6, 2016, the Company filed a PCT Application with the US Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO) entitled a "System and Method for High Throughput Screening of Cancer Cells". Cannabics Pharmaceuticals has developed a proprietary high throughput screening process which is designed to generate mega-data of specific cannabinoids and cannabinoid formulations with antitumor properties. In this proprietary process biopsies and live cancer cells lines are treated, In vitro, with innumerous combinations of cannabinoids and the resulting antitumor effects are screened, categorized and actually visually displayed.  On December 1, 2016, the Company announced the results from its Cancer HTS research which indicate that specific ratios of Cannabinoids led to Apoptosis in MDA-MB-231 Breast Cancer cell viability.  On January 3, 2017, the Company announced development of its 5mg THC Capsule intended for na�ve patients who have not tried cannabis in the past. The Cannabics 5mg THC capsule is currently being evaluated by the company in its clinical study of palliative treatment, which is conducted by the Oncology Department at the prestigious Rambam Medical Center in northern Israel and under strict regulations of the Ministry of Health, by whom Cannabics Pharmaceuticals has been licensed since 2014.  On July 6th, 2017, the Company executed a Testing & Diagnostics Services Agreement with SIMFO GmbH, a renown German research laboratory which is collaborative in nature. SIMFO GmbH will obtain the CTC count as well as drug sensitivity tests from treaded patients according to the specific cannabinoids which the Company shall request.  Plan of Operation  Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. is dedicated to the development of cannabinoid medicine and screening for cancer patients. The Company's R&D is focused on the three aspects of cancer treatment - diagnostics, and antitumor medicine and palliative medicine. Cannabics' vision is to create personalized natural medicine tailored to specific types of cancers and genetics of patients utilizing novel biotechnological tools. The Company's Intellectual Property surpasses proprietary capsulated formulations designated for specific cancer related indications, diagnostic procedures and data.  The parent Company Cannabics, Inc. was founded by a group of Israeli researchers from the fields of cancer research, pharmacology and molecular biology in 2012. The company's Research is located in Israel, which has allowed for the use of medical cannabis since the 1990s, and has a favorable regulatory attitude towards the conducting of Cannabis based clinical studies in Israeli hospitals, in marked contrast to the legal situation in the United States where clinical research on medical cannabis is still illegal. This structure is an extraordinary corporate advantage, and markedly separates the company from similarly minded companies.  The number of people licensed to receive medical cannabis treatment in Israel numbers around 20,000 - in comparison to over 1,000,000 in the United States. Therefore, while the Israeli market potential is regarded as limited, the ability to perform standardized clinical studies and use the Israeli regulation to prove the effectiveness of the company's products is proving to be highly advantageous.  Most importantly, while the U.S. FDA has barely approved even basic private research relating to cannabis, the regulatory environment is quite different in Israel. Within the Israeli Ministry of Health, there is a stand-alone agency, the Israeli Medical Cannabis Agency, (IMCA), which on October 26, 2014, granted Cannabics Pharmaceuticals an exclusive government License to launch our scientific program.  Through the large body of research that has been conducted by its scientists and affiliated partners, the Company has been able to gain in-depth knowledge of the various therapeutic effects of cannabinoids and identify patterns of cannabinoid ratios that bear the potential of treating various types of cancers. The Company is currently in the midst of several collaborative programs with several leading academic research and medical centers in Israel in order to further establish the beneficial therapeutic effects of its proprietary compounds, and to refine its development of personalized anticancer medicine.  The Company's three main areas of scientific research are comprised within:  Cancer Diagnostics  Utilizing novel biological screening technologies, we monitor the antitumor effects of arrays of botanical extracts on cell lines and biopsies. The data collected propels the development of proprietary and novel compounds targeted to diverse types of tumors. This technology enables us to perform lab tests that offer doctors and their patients a profile of personalized treatment with cannabinoids. We believe that our personalized approach minimizes harmful side effects, with more successful outcomes and lower costs than the traditional "trial-and-error" approach to treatment. We are presently conducting diagnostic validation studies in collaboration with academic institutes and lab facilities, and expect to have preliminary results available by March 2018.  Anti-Cancer Treatments  We are developing botanical cannabinoid formulations based on our proprietary diagnostic procedures designated for the treatment of cancer and its side-effects. We are currently working in collaboration with SIMFO gmbh, a renown German research laboratory on CTC tests. We are also conducting preclinical research on the efficacy of our cannabinoid-based formulations in the treatment of cancer and expect to have preliminary results available by March 2018. If our diagnostic data cross-linked with clinical outcomes demonstrates that our formulations have therapeutic and commercial potential, we intend to submit an investigational new drug application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to commence clinical trials.  Palliative Therapies  We have developed our non-pharmaceutical capsules as a treatment to improve cancer related cachexia/anorexia syndrome ("CACS") in advanced cancer patients. The main purpose in the treatment of patients with advanced cancer and CACS is to prolong life and to improve Quality of Life ("QoL") as far as possible. We believe that QoL in patients with CACS is inversely related to reduced appetite and weight-loss. We are currently engaged in a clinical study in Israel to determine the efficacy of our proprietary capsules as a treatment to improve appetite and stem weight-loss associated with CACS in advanced cancer patients. We expect that preliminary results of our study will be available in July 2017.  CANNABICS 5MG capsules for Palliative care  While the medicinal effects of certain cannabinoids are well known to physicians, it is common knowledge that smoking is hazardous to health. Many physicians are perfectly aware of the palliative properties of cannabis (i.e antiemetic and analgesic), however they refrain from recommending or prescribing it to patients knowing that smoking the raw flowers is still the most common and available administration route. Hence the availability of an oral, standardized, reliable and clinically tested administration route of medical cannabis - no different from the administration route of most medications consumed by patients today - would dramatically improve the availability of medical cannabis therapy to patients in need.  Standardization and reproducibility  The efficacy of our Cannabics 5mg capsules is currently being evaluated in a study that is taking place in the Rambam Medical Center in Haifa, Israel, and it is fully registered with the US NIH under "Cannabics Capsules as Treatment to Improve Cancer Related CACS in Advanced Cancer Patients", Identifier NCT02359123, and may be found at https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02359123 Diagnostics and Personalized medicine  Cannabinoids include phytocannabinoids, endogenous endocannabinoids, and synthetic cannabinoids. More than 60 phytocannabinoids have been identified within the Cannabis plant. Cannabinoids elicit their pharmacological activities through cannabinoid receptor type 1 (CB1) and type 2 (CB2), two G-protein coupled receptors (GPCR) in the endocannabinoid signaling pathway. Cancer is a disease in which alterations in the cannabinoid pathway have been demonstrated. Since this disease is found to be multifactorial, variations in expression of cannabinoid receptors could be harnessed to elicit a therapeutic effect. Therefore, a defined botanical extract may better achieve this therapeutic goal than a single synthetic compound, as the multiple components elicit a synergistic effect. Cannabinoids are not yet approved for the treatment of cancer, although their anti-tumor effects have been known for over 30 years. Scientific evidence exists which strongly suggest that cannabinoids may have anti-cancer activity. The exact mechanism by which this anti-tumor effect occurs may involve suppression of proliferative cell signaling pathways, inhibition of angiogenesis and cell migration and induction of apoptosis and/or induction of autophagy. Personalized Medicine (PM) is a novel approach that proposes the customization of therapy being tailored to the individual patient. There are over 200 different known cancers and the genetic divergence among humans makes it nearly impossible to find one remedy for a group of people. In view of the above, Cannabics utilizes High-throughput technologies to screen antitumor effects, mainly Apoptosis and Proliferation, on cell lines and biopsies treated with matrix of plant extracts differentiated in their ratios of active compounds. This diagnostic procedure can now offer doctors data on the potential antitumor activity of available cannabis products. The data unraveled in this procedure is also recruited in the creation of proprietary antitumor compounds.  Anti Tumor Medicine  To date Cannabics has gained valuable data on the anti-proliferative properties of cannabinoids on specific types of cancers and is currently engaging in preclinical studies which will translate into clinical studies that will evaluate proprietary cannabinoid compounds as anti-cancer treatments. All Cannabics formulations are pre-designed to fit the currently existing medical cannabis regulations in Israel, Europe and certain US States which are licensed as a "Medical Marijuana Infused Products Manufacturer" (i.e. �12-43.3-404 CRS). The ingredients used in the proprietary formulations are all certified food grade ingredients (recognized by the FDA as "G.R.A.S." - Generally Regarded as Safe) and the formulation are free of any artificial additives or chemical substances. Thus, Cannabics medicines are fully compliant with the current cannabis infused edible product regulatory definition, which is in fact very similar to a regular food supplement regulatory definition.  The company's business model is solely based on technology development and IP out-licensing to licensed and certified producers. The Company's technologies are licensed to a strategic partner in compliance with each country's and/or US state's statutory regulations and exclusively to licensed and authorized medical cannabis local licensees that have adequate production and marketing capabilities. Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. itself does not manufacture, distribute, dispense or possess any controlled substances, including cannabis or cannabis based preparations, it merely licenses its IP. Within Israel, Europe and other territories outside the US, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. may employ a different business model through gaining adequate licenses under the appropriate regulations in each territory, all in full compliance with local rules and regulations in each country.  Results of Operations  For the Three Months Ended May 31, 2017 and 2016  Revenues  We had received $1,571 from licensing agreements as royalties during the three months ended May 31, 2017 compared to $50,000 from a license option for the three months ended May 31, 2016.  Operating Expenses  For the three months ended May 31, 2017 our total operating expenses were $474,447 compared to $63,845 for the three months ended May 31, 2016 resulting in an increase of $410,602. The increase is attributable to increases of $52,642 in research and Development expenses and a total increase of $357,960 in General administration, and Sales and marketing expenses.  We incurred a financial gain of $227,448 for the three months ended May 31, 2017, compared to financial expense of $12,635 for the three months ended May 31, 2016. The decrease in financial expense was mainly attributable to an adjustment to the fair value of the derivative liability. As a result, the net loss was $245,428 for the three months ended May 31, 2017 compared to $26,480 for the three months ended May 31, 2016.  For the Nine Months Ended May 31, 2017 and 2016  Revenues  We had received $2,814 from licensing agreements as royalties during the nine months ended May 31, 2017 compared to $62,500 from a license option for the nine months ended May 31, 2016.  Operating Expenses  For the nine months ended May 31, 2017 our total operating expenses were $771,110 compared to $276,576 for the nine months ended May 31, 2016 resulting in an increase of $494,534. The increase is attributable to increases of $14,280 in research and Development expenses and a total increase of $480,254 in General administration, and Sales and marketing expenses.  We incurred a financial expense of $62,446 for the nine months ended May 31, 2017, compared to financial expense of $24,584 for the nine months ended May 31, 2016. The increase in financial expense was mainly attributable to an adjustment to the fair value of the derivative liability. As a result, the net loss was $830,742 for the nine months ended May 31, 2017 compared to $238,660 for the nine months ended May 31, 2016.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Overview  As of May 31, 2017, the Company had $3,190,303 in cash compared to $88,502 on May 31 2016. We expect to incur a minimum of $1,000,000 in expenses during the next twelve months of operations. We estimate that these expenses will be comprised primarily of general expenses including overhead, legal and accounting fees, research and development expenses, and fees payable to outside medical centers for clinical studies.  Liquidity and Capital Resources during the nine Months Ended May 31, 2017 compared to the nine Months ended May 31, 2016  We used cash in operations of $520,100 for the nine months ended May 31, 2017 compared to cash used in operations of $50,727 for the nine months ended May 31, 2016. The negative cash flow from operating activities for the nine months ended May 31, 2016 is primarily attributable to the Company's net loss from operations of $830,742, offset by depreciation of $2,675, stock issued for services of $413,857; and an increase in accounts payables and accrued liabilities of $16,212, increase of $179,527 in account receivables and prepaid expenses and an decrease in fair value of derivative liability of $57,341.  . . .  Jul 17, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one


All the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart


Can Snap fall even more as lockups expire?















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




7:00 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:55pLighting Up 
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
5:09pNuVasive shares drop after announced COO, CFO departures
5:07pBoston Beer jumps on stellar second-quarter earnings 
5:06pDow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq
5:00pAmazon earnings fall 77%, shares drop
4:45pElectronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 7:00 PM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. engages in the research, development, licensing, and marketing of cannabinoid-based treatments and therapies. The company focuses on developing therapies and biotechnological tools for the relief from various ailments that respond to active ingredients sourced from the cannabis plant. Its flagship product is Cannabics SR, a long acting medical cannabis capsule that shows therapeutic effects as a palliative care therapy for cancer patients. The company was formerly known as American Mining Corporation and changed its name to Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. in May 2014. Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. is based in Bethesda, Maryland. As of April 25, 2014, Cannabics ...
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. engages in the research, development, licensing, and marketing of cannabinoid-based treatments and therapies. The company focuses on developing therapies and biotechnological tools for the relief from various ailments that respond to active ingredients sourced from the cannabis plant. Its flagship product is Cannabics SR, a long acting medical cannabis capsule that shows therapeutic effects as a palliative care therapy for cancer patients. The company was formerly known as American Mining Corporation and changed its name to Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. in May 2014. Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. is based in Bethesda, Maryland. As of April 25, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Cannabics Inc.
Detailed Description


#3 Bethesda Metro CenterSuite 700Bethesda, MD 20814United States2 Employees



Phone: 877-424-2429

www.cannabics.com







Key Executives for Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.




Dr. Eyal Ballan Ph.D.


      	Chief Technology Officer and Director
      


Age: 44
        

Total Annual Compensation: $38.8K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Key Developments

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Executes Final Collaboration Agreement with SIMFO GmbH
Jul 12 17
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. announced it has executed a Collaboration Agreement with SIMFO GmbH. Under the Agreement, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals shall be the exclusive global provider of SIMFO's CTC diagnostics to cancer patients treated with natural cannabinoids. The diagnostics include a count of circulating tumor cells (CTC) and drug sensitivity tests of different cannabinoids (e.g. THC, THCA, CBD and CBDA). These tests are available to cancer patients who send blood samples and receive supportive data for their physicians to optimize and personally tailor their cannabinoid treatment. SIMFO has already commenced preclinical studies on cannabinoid antitumor activity and drug development utilizing Cannabics Pharmaceuticals' proprietary cannabinoid formulations.


Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Receives Positive Results in Drug Sensitivity Tests on CTCs
Jun 30 17
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. announced it received positive results from screening necrosis (cell death) of circulating tumor cells, from cancer patients, treated with the cannabinoids CBD and CBDA. These results greatly strengthen the company's previously accumulated data on cannabinoid anti-tumor activity. In addition, the screening results which indicate varied effectiveness of the tested cannabinoids upon different tumors (colon, breast, prostate) reaffirm the use of proprietary technology in providing supportive data for personalised treatments.


Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Mulls Acquisitions
Mar 21 17
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OTCPK:CNBX) is looking for acquisitions. Cannabics Pharmaceuticals intends to use a portion of the net proceeds in connection with any exercise of co-development or co-promotion rights under our collaborations; however, no such rights are currently exercisable. In addition, we may also use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire, license, and invest in complementary products, technologies, or businesses; however, we currently have no agreements or commitments to complete any such transactions.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc., please visit www.cannabics.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























    CNBX News - Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Company News & Press Releases - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  OTC: CNBX
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


CNBX

/quotes/zigman/35289532/delayed


$
1.27




Change

-0.13
-9.57%

Volume
Volume 625,048
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/35289532/delayed
Previous close

$
			1.40
		


$
				1.27
			
Change

-0.13
-9.57%





Day low
Day high
$1.22
$1.41










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.04
        

            $7.60
        

















/news/latest/company/us/cnbx

      MarketWatch News on CNBX
    
No News currently available for CNBX







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/cnbx

      Other News on CNBX
    




 10-Q: CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
11:53 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Israel Cannabis Startups Are Flourishing

12:31 p.m. June 26, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





226 Marijuana Stocks: It Is Still Too Early To Buy The Sector

10:54 a.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





227 Marijuana Stocks: April And Early May 2017 Downward Drift Continues For The Sector

2:40 a.m. May 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
9:37 a.m. April 14, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





216 Marijuana Stocks: Attorney General Jeff Sessions May Have Killed The Rally, But For How Long?

2:47 a.m. April 14, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K/A: CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
12:53 p.m. March 15, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





231 Marijuana Stocks - One Week Returns Following Attorney General Sessions' Remarks

5:07 a.m. March 6, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





207 Marijuana Stocks: Nevada Corporations Outperform Delaware, Canada And Other Over 1, 4 And 52-Week Periods

2:13 p.m. Feb. 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Cannabics Pharma launches personalized cannabinoid anti-tumor testing service; shares up 20%

1:33 p.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks And The January Effect: N=229 Stocks Up An Average Of 51%

8:12 a.m. Jan. 30, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
1:04 p.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Marijuana Stocks: Second Week Of 2017 At 9.5% To 12.9% Returns From The January Effect

6:47 a.m. Jan. 16, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





230 Marijuana Stocks: Testing The 'January Effect' And Building Your Own Portfolio For 2017

9:03 a.m. Jan. 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





227 Marijuana Stocks For Your Post-Christmas, Post-Santa Claus Rally Shopping List

10:24 a.m. Dec. 28, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-K: CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC.
3:00 p.m. Dec. 13, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





This Week In Pharma: Ionis Pharma's Upcoming Phase 2a Obesity Drug Results And The DEA's Second Look At Marijuana

8:19 a.m. July 6, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





The DEA Could Reschedule Marijuana This Summer, And That Would Be A Game Changer For The Industry

12:13 a.m. May 6, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Only A Few Public Companies Really Focus On Developing Medical Marijuana: Here's A List

9:20 a.m. March 30, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Marijuana Stocks: The Biggest U.S. Reporting Winners Over The Past 12 Months - Part I

8:29 a.m. Feb. 24, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...







/news/pressrelease/company/us/cnbx

      Press Releases on CNBX
    




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Establishes a Human-Cannabis-Cancer Genetics lab to Expand its Personalized Diagnostics
8:45 a.m. July 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Executed a Final Collaboration Agreement with SIMFO GmbH
8:45 a.m. July 12, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabinoid Market Growth Expands With Rising Influence of Pharma and Biotech Science Advancements
8:45 a.m. July 11, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Receives Positive Results in Drug Sensitivity Tests on CTCs
8:30 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Substantial Expansion in Cannabis Operations and Grow Facilities in North America Leading to Increased Production and Revenues
8:45 a.m. June 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Raises $3,000,000 in Capital Raise Transaction
9:10 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Announces Scientific Collaboration With A Leading CTC European Lab
2:14 p.m. May 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Receives the Final Report of Its Research on Antitumor Properties of Cannabinoids Held in Israel
4:55 p.m. April 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Receives the Final Report of Its Research on Antitumor Properties of Cannabinoids Held in Israel
9:00 a.m. April 3, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Medicinal Cannabis Applications Target the Development of Enhanced Therapies and Treatments for Various Health Disorders
8:30 a.m. March 21, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Appoints New Members to its Board of Advisors
10:00 a.m. March 9, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Provides Shareholders Update Regarding Increased Volume in its Shares
10:00 a.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabis Product Development for Cannabinoid CBD - THC Oil Formulas Leading to Higher Quality Medicinal Marijuana Therapies
9:45 a.m. Feb. 22, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Pure Cannabis Concentrate & CBD Oil Product Demand Escalates in Legal Marijuana Market
9:30 a.m. Feb. 21, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Breakthrough Cannabis Medications Review and Outlook
9:01 a.m. Feb. 21, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Americans' Favorable Outlook on the Cannabis Market
9:45 a.m. Feb. 17, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Breakthroughs in Cannabinoid (CBD) Therapies and Oral Products Prompting Optimism in Medicinal Marijuana Growth
9:30 a.m. Feb. 14, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Israeli Innovation is at the Heart of a Growing Cannabis Ecosystem
9:30 a.m. Feb. 8, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabis Asset Expansions and Acquisitions Quickly Becoming Catalyst For Exploding Marijuana Industry Growth
9:30 a.m. Feb. 8, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Announces Initial Commercialization of Cannabinoids-based Personalized Diagnostics for Cancer Patients
10:54 a.m. Feb. 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...


















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:00 PM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:55pSenate passes Russia sanctions bill on 98-2 vote
6:47pScaramucci provides a shocking Bannon comparison that defies anatomy
6:39pEthereum struggles to rise as regulatory scrutiny weighs on digital currency
6:04pThis fund strategist says there’s at least one way companies can survive Amazon’s onslaught
6:03pThis basic balanced index fund is beating the hedge fund averages
5:55pLighting Up 
5:48pTesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?
5:48pWhat a constant stream of oil company spending cuts means for crude prices
5:43pAll the companies in Jeff Bezos’s empire, in one (large) chart
5:33pBitcoin investors: things may get very ugly soon, if this chart overlay is right
5:33pBaidu ADRs rally 7% after earnings beat
5:30pBREAKINGSenators demand House conference promise before voting on 'skinny' Obamacare repeal
5:27pJonathan Golub leaves RBC to head equities strategy at Credit Suisse: report
5:23pAmazon earnings forecast shows spending expected to continue
5:22pA quarter of S&P 500’s 2017 climb due to five stocks (yes, those five)
5:09pNuVasive shares drop after announced COO, CFO departures
5:07pBoston Beer jumps on stellar second-quarter earnings 
5:06pDow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq
5:00pAmazon earnings fall 77%, shares drop
4:45pElectronic Arts shares fall after first-quarter results 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Establishes a Human-Cannabis-Cancer Genetics lab to Expand its Personalized DiagnosticsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Establishes a Human-Cannabis-Cancer Genetics lab to Expand its Personalized DiagnosticsPR NewswireJuly 24, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareTEL AVIV, Israel, July 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OTC-QB: CNBX) today announced it has established a Genetic lab that will develop diagnostic tools based on human genome, tumor genetics and cannabinoids.     (Logo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/485543/Cannabics_Logo.jpg )The company recruited Dr. Moran Grinberg to serve as its VP of R&D and to lead the Genetic research. Moran has a PhD in Virology and MSc in clinical pharmacology with vast experience in conceptualizing and executing pharmacological research.Dr. Eyal Ballan, Co-founder and CTO, said: "Our mission is to commercialize a wide range of diagnostic tools that incorporate novel technologies to retrieve better outcomes of cannabinoid treatments. Understanding the genetics of cancer-cannabinoids relations complements our CTC cell count and drug sensitivity capabilities. We are pleased to have Dr. Moran Grinberg in our team and looking forward to joining forces."About Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OTC-QB: CNBX), a U.S based public company, is dedicated to the development of Personalized Anti-Cancer and Palliative treatments. The Company's R&D is based in Israel, where it is licensed by the Ministry of Health for its work in both scientific and clinical research. The Company's focus is on harnessing the therapeutic properties of natural Cannabinoid formulations and diagnostics. Cannabics engages in developing individually tailored natural therapies for cancer patients, utilizing advanced screening systems and personalized bioinformatics tools.Disclaimer: Certain statements contained in this release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to statements identified by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "targets," "projects" and similar expressions. The statements in this release are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences, including, but not limited to, results of clinical trials and/or other studies, the challenges inherent in new product development initiatives, the effect of any competitive products, our ability to license and protect our intellectual property, our ability to raise additional capital in the future that is necessary to maintain our business, changes in government policy and/or regulation, potential litigation by or against us, any governmental review of our products or practices, as well as other risks discussed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, our latest 10-Q Report filed on July 17th, 2017. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement or any information contained in this press release or in other public disclosures at any time.Disclaimer:Certain statements contained in this release may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to statements identified by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "targets," "projects" and similar expressions. The statements in this release are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences, including, but not limited to, results of clinical trials and/or other studies, the challenges inherent in new product development initiatives, the effect of any competitive products, our ability to license and protect our intellectual property, our ability to raise additional capital in the future that is necessary to maintain our business, changes in government policy and/or regulation, potential litigation by or against us, any governmental review of our products or practices, as well as other risks discussed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, our latest 10-K/A Report filed on March 15, 2017. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement or any information contained in this press release or in other public disclosures at any time. For further information, please contact: Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  +1-877-424-2429 Info@Cannabics.com http://www.Cannabics.comReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextCan Type 2 Diabetes Be Reversed?The Doctors TVEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredGlaxo (GSK) Beats Q2 Earnings, Misses SalesZacksThe Next AIDS PandemicForeign Policy MagazineThe Dangers of Taking Your Pet’s MedicationThe Doctors TVZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredIs a Beat in the Cards for Pfizer (PFE) in Q2 Earnings?ZacksGOP senators hold press conference to demand assurances that GOP health plan does not become lawBusiness InsiderAmazon profit slumps 77 percent as costs surge, shares fallReutersA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredScaramucci ignites fierce White House fight: 'Shiv in ribs'?Associated PressTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceWhat's the Problem with Joel Osteen?ChurchLeaders.comSponsoredRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceKellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k









  CNBX:OTC US Stock Quote - Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc   CNBX:US   OTC US        1.27USD   0.13   9.57%     As of 5:20 PM EDT 7/27/2017     Open   1.40    Day Range   1.22 - 1.41    Volume   625,048    Previous Close   1.40    52Wk Range   0.04 - 7.60    1 Yr Return   2,438.35%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.40    Day Range   1.22 - 1.41    Volume   625,048    Previous Close   1.40    52Wk Range   0.04 - 7.60    1 Yr Return   2,438.35%    YTD Return   84.95%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.01    Market Cap (m USD)   149.796    Shares Outstanding  (m)   118.323    Price/Sales (TTM)   2,500.04    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change -0.68%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change -0.43%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/24/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Establishes a Human-Cannabis-Cancer Genetics lab to Expand its Personalized Diagnostics     7/12/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Executed a Final Collaboration Agreement with SIMFO GmbH     7/11/2017   Cannabinoid Market Growth Expands With Rising Influence of Pharma and Biotech Science Advancements     6/30/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Receives Positive Results in Drug Sensitivity Tests on CTCs     6/20/2017   Substantial Expansion in Cannabis Operations and Grow Facilities in North America Leading to Increased Production and Revenues     6/2/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Provides Shareholders Update June 2017     6/2/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Provides Shareholders Update June 2107     5/10/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Raises $3,000,000 in Capital Raise Transaction     5/3/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Announces Scientific Collaboration With A Leading CTC European Lab     4/3/2017   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. Receives the Final Report of Its Research on Antitumor Properties of Cannabinoids Held in Israel    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc researches and develops advanced cannabis medicines.    Address  Bethesda Metro Center 700Bethesda, MDUnited States   Phone  1-877-4242429   Website   www.cannabics.com     Executives Board Members    Itamar Borochov  Chief Executive Officer    Uri Ben-Or  Chief Financial Officer    Eyal Ballan  CTO/Co-Founder     Show More         CNBX Profile | CANNIBICS PHARMACEUT Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,475.42-2.41 (-0.10%)Dow 3021,796.55+85.54 (+0.39%)Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (CNBX)Other OTC - Other OTC Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist1.266-0.134 (-9.571%)At close:  3:59PM EDTPeople also watchAMMJCNABOWCPCANNCGRWSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsCannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.#3 Bethesda Metro CenterSuite 700Bethesda, MD 20814United States877-424-2429http://www.cannabics.comSector: Industry: Full Time Employees: 2Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeDr. Eyal  Ballan Ph.D.Chief Technology Officer and Director38.83kN/A44Mr. Itamar  BorochovCo-Founder, Chief Exec. Officer and DirectorN/AN/A59Mr. Uri  Ben Or  CPA, MBAChief Financial OfficerN/AN/A47Dr. Gil  FeilerHead of Advisory Board and Bus. Devel. AdvisorN/AN/AN/ADr. Sigalit  Ariely-Portnoy Ph.D.Strategic Regulatory Advisor of Clinical, Quality & Validation and Member of Advisory BoardN/AN/A53Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionCannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. engages in the research, development, licensing, and marketing of cannabinoid-based treatments and therapies. The company focuses on developing therapies and biotechnological tools for the relief from various ailments that respond to active ingredients sourced from the cannabis plant. Its flagship product is Cannabics SR, a long acting medical cannabis capsule that shows therapeutic effects as a palliative care therapy for cancer patients. The company was formerly known as American Mining Corporation and changed its name to Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. in May 2014. Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. is based in Bethesda, Maryland. As of April 25, 2014, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Cannabics Inc.Corporate GovernanceCannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)





Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Receives Cannabinoid R&D Lab Certification in IsraelHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Receives Cannabinoid R&D Lab Certification in IsraelMarketwiredOctober 20, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareBETHESDA, MD--(Marketwired - Oct 20, 2014) - Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (  OTCQB :  CNBX ) announced today that it has received Government Certification from the Ministry of Health in Israel for the establishment of an advanced R&D laboratory dedicated to medical research in the field of cannabinoid science.The stated goal of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals is to be one of the first and few companies in the world to commercialize indication specific and clinically tested cannabis-based medical products. In Accordance with this goal, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals is currently in advanced preparations for the launch of a series of rigorous and controlled clinical studies in leading medical centers in Israel where the Company's R&D division is strategically located.Their new cutting edge laboratory is designed to employ novel technologies for the development of innovative cannabinoid based therapies for a range of debilitating ailments.Dr. Zohar Koren, CEO, stated, "The exciting scientific field of cannabinoid research has been largely neglected throughout most of the 20th century due to a total ban on this field of research. Thus, the available scientific knowledge regarding active cannabinoids and their mechanisms of action in various disease pathways is dramatically lacking in comparison to other therapeutic fields. There is a huge space of uncharted territory to explore with regards to the potential therapeutic roles of this class of compounds for diverse indications."The company is especially interested in the development of cannabinoid-based anti-Cancer therapies."The unique properties of active cannabinoids as tumor cell proliferation inhibitors and apoptosis inducers has been known for decades, however this field has never received the appropriate scientific attention it deserves as a potential source for anti-cancer therapies," commented Dr. Eyal Ballan, Chief Technology Officer. "Our new and expansive laboratory will enable us to perform our advanced research program in this field."About Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is an emerging drug development company focused on the development and commercialization of advanced drugs, therapies, food supplements and administration routes based on the wide range of active ingredients found in diverse and unique strains of the Cannabis plant. Cannabics' current flagship product is CANNABICS SR -- an IP pending medical cannabis capsule designed specifically for cancer patients as a palliative care treatment. Cannabics' proprietary SR technology has shown in observational studies the ability to provide 10-12 hours of steady state beneficial therapeutic effects profile, and thus allows for a convenient oral once-per-day dosing regimen of medical cannabis for patients. Cannabics is now preparing to launch its line of SR products in eligible states of the US and EU markets under existing medical cannabis regulatory pathways, while simultaneously preparing to launch a series of formal clinical studies in order to establish the unique medical benefits of its products for patients suffering from various indications.For more information, visit www.cannabics.comDISCLAIMER:Certain statements contained in this release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to statements identified by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "targets," "projects" and similar expressions. The statements in this release are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences, including, but not limited to, results of clinical trials and/or other studies, the challenges inherent in new product development initiatives, the effect of any competitive products, our ability to license and protect our intellectual property, our ability to raise additional capital in the future that is necessary to maintain our business, changes in government policy and/or regulation, potential litigation by or against us, any governmental review of our products or practices, as well as other risks discussed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, our latest 10-Q Report filed on July 15th, 2014. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement or any information contained in this press release or in other public disclosures at any time.ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityGOP senators hold press conference to demand assurances that GOP health plan does not become law2,201 reactions4%68%28%Zuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredClashes in Venezuela ahead of Sunday’s election2 reactions0%100%0%These Sorority Sisters Did a ‘Melanin Illustrated’ Photo Shoot2,689 reactions7%64%29%Better arrival: Antonio Brown's Phantom or James Harrison's fire truck?4 reactions0%100%0%A Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredPortugal battles raging wildfires11 reactions0%78%22%Some GOP Senators kill the 'skinny' healthcare bill4 reactions0%50%50%Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1524 reactions3%80%17%Women Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredMcDonald's worker puts everyone off ice cream with 'disgusting' photos  2,765 reactions3%75%22%Baby dies after days 'strapped in a car seat without food'519 reactions3%68%29%Marine dog with cancer gets tear-filled farewell3,076 reactions25%58%17%Engineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredDeadly accident at the Ohio State Fair71 reactions4%79%17%Jeff Sessions says Trump’s criticisms have been ‘kind of hurtful’33 reactions2%73%25%Kellyanne Conway: Ethical disclosures discourage people from government serviceliberaltroll10: Ethics disclosures are there to prevent PEOPLE LIKE YOU from getting into Govt. Kellyanne.Join the Conversation1 / 51.2k












Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc : CNBX Company News at Ally Invest





















Quotes Snapshot > CNBXCannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc CNBX:OTCQBSet AlertOptionsStreaming ChartsLast Price$1.27NASDAQ Closing Price as of 3:59PM ET 7/27/17Today's Change-0.13(9.57%)Bid (Size)$0.00 (0)Ask (Size)$0.00 (0)Day Low / High$1.22 - 1.41Volume958.5  KSellBuySnapshotChartsNewsOptionsEarningsFundamentalsFinancialsInsiders



Cannabics Pharmaceuticals engages with Mountain High Products in ColoradoBack to CNBX News

Share Story4:42AM ET 12/18/2014 Newswire



BETHESDA, Md., Dec. 18, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (OTCQB: CNBX) announced today that it has executed a letter of engagement with Mountain High Products in Colorado, for the manufacturing and distribution of Cannabics SR medical cannabis products in the Colorado market.  
Mountain High Products is a leading cannabis infused products manufacturer and distributor in Colorado, with a diverse line of edible and concentrate products which excel in quality, consistency and potency.
Cannabics SR medical cannabis products will be produced by Mountain High Products in strict compliance with Colorado laws and regulations of "Cannabis Infused Edible Products" and distributed to certified dispensaries through Mountain High's existing distribution channels. 
Under the terms of the engagement letter, Cannabics Pharmaceuticals shall license to Mountain High the exclusive right to use its proprietary Cannabics SR technology for the manufacturing and commercialization of the products in the Colorado market, and any additional US market to which the parties shall decide to enter together. The parties intend to transform the engagement letter into a definitive IP license agreement within a few months from the launch of operations and commencement of successful collaboration. 
Dr. Zohar Koren, CEO of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, stated, "We are very excited to launch the collaboration with Mountain High Products in Colorado and thus offer our line of advanced medical cannabis products to American patients for the first time. Mountain High Products is an ideal strategic partner for us to launch US commercialization operations and by far the most professional and dedicated manufacturer of edible cannabis products in Colorado."
Nancy Whiteman, owner of Mountain High Products added, "We are thrilled to partner with Cannabics Pharmaceuticals.  From our perspective, the ability to offer an extended release option in cannabis medication will be a game changing improvement to a patient's medical marijuana experience.  The Cannabics SR technology will enable patients to have more consistent and longer lasting relief from pain, insomnia and other medical conditions without the highs and lows of other cannabis options. This is truly a huge step forward for medical marijuana."
About Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is an emerging drug development company focused on the development and commercialization of advanced drugs, therapies, food supplements and administration routes based on the wide range of active ingredients found in diverse and unique strains of the Cannabis plant. Cannabics' current flagship product is Cannabics SR an IP pending medical cannabis capsule designed specifically for cancer patients as a palliative care treatment. Cannabics' proprietary SR technology provides 10-12 hours of steady state and beneficial therapeutic effects profile, and thus allows for a convenient oral, once-per-day or twice-per-day dosing regimen of medical cannabis for patients. Cannabics is now preparing to launch its line of SR products in eligible states of the US and EU markets under existing medical cannabis regulatory pathways, while simultaneously preparing to launch a series of formal clinical studies in order to establish the unique medical benefits of its products for patients suffering from various indications. 
For more information, visit www.cannabics.com  
About Mountain High Products LLC
Mountain High Products LLC was formed five years ago and is one of the most diversified and well-established infused products companies in Colorado.  Within its 10,000 square foot manufacturing facility, the company has broad capabilities. It runs the largest extraction operation in the state using CO2, n-butane, heptane and ethanol supported by a fully equipped support lab.  Under the brand name 'Wana' the company makes over 20 distinct edible products, custom hash, vape oil, and a full line of topicals.  Mountain High also sells a variety of equipment, packaging and consulting services to the cannabis industry.  From this foundation and its upcoming 2015 growth into Nevada, Washington, Oregon and other states, this strategic alliance with Cannabics offers an ideal opportunity to use Mountain High's strengths in science, engineering, extraction, manufacturing, sales and logistics to build Cannabics products into a leading U.S. brand.
For more information, visit www.wanabrands.com 
DISCLAIMER: Certain statements contained in this release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to statements identified by words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "intends," "plans," "targets," "projects" and similar expressions. The statements in this release are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our company's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Numerous factors could cause or contribute to such differences, including, but not limited to, results of clinical trials and/or other studies, the challenges inherent in new product development initiatives, the effect of any competitive products, our ability to license and protect our intellectual property, our ability to raise additional capital in the future that is necessary to maintain our business, changes in government policy and/or regulation, potential litigation by or against us, any governmental review of our products or practices, as well as other risks discussed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including, without limitation, our latest 10-Q Report filed on July 15th, 2014. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement or any information contained in this press release or in other public disclosures at any time. 
For Further Information, please contact: 
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Itamar BorochovCorporate VP Marketing877-424-2429Info@Cannabics.com 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cannabics-pharmaceuticals-engages-with-mountain-high-products-in-colorado-300011865.html
SOURCE  Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc.






Other Top Stories (CNBX)BDA CEO meets with new Economic Development Minister...LSC Lithium Reports Third Quarter 2017 ResultsUNITED THERAPEUTICS INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi & Faruqi,...Aimco Reports Second Quarter ResultsFederal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco Announces Se...



Most Popular StoriesMontel Williams Talks About His Cannabis Company And...Jeff The 420 Chef Explains How He Makes Medical MarijuaCannabis Product Development for Cannabinoid CBD - T...Beyond The Marijuana Index: MJIC CEO Talks Company's Israeli Innovation is at the Heart of a Growing CannabiMost Popular Keyword Searchesbac TWTR amzn FB Enter Symbol or Name JCP F FNMA tsla spy goog MJNA NFLX amd ddd znga GPRO KKD BABA AAPL 

 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Get Evaluated Online - Fast Online Medical Service








































See a Doctor 


Online Now


 




Apply Online




Get Evaluated by a Doctor via Video Chat




Receive Your Medical Paperwork




Affordable Medical Evaluations

 Conveniently 100% Online 




 Copyright © 2017 MedicalDr.Online. 




Get evaluated from the privacy of your own home. Mobile friendly consultations.


GET EVALUATED NOW


If you're not approved, you don't pay!







   It’s fast, easy and legal.  














  How to Get Evaluated Online (Takes 10 Minutes)






You Are Covered by Our Money Back Guarantee








We are confident that our doctor paperwork will allow you to access to the medication you deserve. 


However, if for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply call us at 310-615-6902
 to obtain a full refund.









ENTER PATIENT INFORMATION





Start by creating an account and filling a standard medical form





CHAT WITH DOCTOR

 & GET YOUR PAPERWORK





On desktop: simply allow microphone and webcam use










Your information is secure and private in accordance with HIPAA










On mobile: you will be asked to download our video conferencing app






Video chat with the doctor explaining how medication can help your condition & immediately receive your PDF paperwork

















The Most Popular Online Clinic in California




Serving 34,588 Active Patients






Our doctors are standing by 7 days/week, 10am to 10pm




Call Us at 310-615-6902 or 


APPLY ONLINE


Doctors available 10am - 10pm







APPLY NOW







Avoid the Crowds, Long Waits and Hassle


GET YOUR PAPERWORK IN 10 MINUTES


If you're not approved, you won't be charged.
















That's all it takes!




You will be able to use your paperwork immediately


SEE THE DOCTOR NOW









*CA Medical documents are also accepted in MI, NV. 







See a 


Doctor 


Online Now




Become a Legal Consumer of Cannabis in 10 Minutes




Get evaluated from the privacy of your own home. Mobile friendly consultations.




   It’s fast, easy

& legal










You will also receive your signed hardcopy with an embossed seal by mail in 1-3 business days. 



GET STARTED


If you're not approved,

you won't be charged.








 





































































	High Quality Nutraceuticals & Nutritional Supplements

















































			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##









It's Christmas In July! Take $25 Off Your Qualified Purchase & Get Free Shipping!


SHOP SALE     


SHOP SALE     




It's Christmas In July! Take $25 Off YourQualified Purchase & Get Free Shipping!


SHOP SALE     













  Toll Free: 1-800-791-3395




Shopping Cart
                    
0 

Like Us  
                    



















Nutritional Supplements
All Products
Quality
About Us
Contact Us
 
My Account




























9 Ways We Assure the High Quality of Our Nutraceuticals & Nutritional Supplements9 Ways We Assure the High Quality of Our Nutraceuticals & Nutritional Supplements














9 Ways We Assure the High Quality of  Our Nutraceuticals & Nutritional Supplements
I'm sure you've heard of vitamins, herbs, and other nutritional products that flunked lab tests. Here at Advanced Bionutritionals, we strive to make sure that does not happen.
In fact, our manufacturing process assures purity, potency and quality 9 different ways:

"You Get An A+"
"Thank you. I did receive the credit back on my credit card. You often promote your "money back guarantee" with your literature. Well, you certainly deliver on your promise!!!.
I judge a company on Quality, Price and Service (you pass on all three) but the ultimate test comes when you have a "problem". Your company scored an "A+"!!!!!! You have earned my business forever. Thank you for your outstanding service and problem resolution!"
Patrick M., Colorado



We use suppliers and growers that we've known for years. 


We use ingredients that are shown to be effective in scientific studies.


We use no artificial colors, artificial binders, artificial fillers, or artificial preservatives, and non-GMO sources whenever available. 


Every supplier is qualified by testing multiple lots of material. The material is assayed for purity and screened for pathogens like mold, yeast, staph, and salmonella.


The batches of our ingredients are tested using FTIR spectrometers and compared to a purity index.


Our products are manufactured in a facility that is GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) certified.


Batches of our product undergo rigorous disintegration tests in conformance with USP guidelines to ensure proper breakdown in the stomach and absorption in the intestines.


Our manufacturing process has multiple checks in place, and our batches are signed off by a quality control officer to ensure accuracy, purity, and potency.


Our bottles are safety sealed for lasting freshness and potency. And each bottle is marked with a manufactured date and/or an expiration date.





For you, that means the best quality possible. In fact, we promise it. If you are ever dissatisfied with one of our products for any reason whatsoever, simply return the unused portion within 90 days of purchase. We will refund every penny you paid, including shipping and handling. You only pay return shipping.
View Our Nutritional Supplements

















Advanced Bionutritionals® products are manufactured
                    in the USA from globally sourced ingredients by Formulation Technology, Inc.
                



















	About Us; Vitamins and Nutritional Supplements; Dr. Frank Shallenberger; Dr. Janet Zand; Dr. Isaac Eliaz; Advanced Bionutritionals


















































			{1}				
			



##LOC[OK]##







			    {1}				
			    





##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##LOC[OK]##
##LOC[Cancel]##









It's Christmas In July! Take $25 Off Your Qualified Purchase & Get Free Shipping!


SHOP SALE     


SHOP SALE     




It's Christmas In July! Take $25 Off YourQualified Purchase & Get Free Shipping!


SHOP SALE     













  Toll Free: 1-800-791-3395




Shopping Cart
                    
0 

Like Us  
                    



















Nutritional Supplements
All Products
Quality
About Us
Contact Us
 
My Account




























About Advanced Bionutritionals ®About Advanced Bionutritionals ®



















Advanced Bionutritionals is a cutting edge line of nutraceuticals. We work closely with our suppliers and our manufacturers to ensure that your supplements are made with fresh, quality ingredients following good manufacturing practice guidelines.
Our highly qualified team is always researching new and better ingredients to ensure safe, effective health solutions for you.
 

Frank Shallenberger, MD
Dr. Shallenberger has practiced medicine for more than 41 years, after earning his M.D. degree from the University of Maryland, School of Medicine, and receiving post-graduate training at Mt. Zion Hospital in San Francisco. Dr. Shallenberger is
also certified by the American Board of Anti-Aging Medicine (A.B.A.A.M.) as an anti-aging physician and has also been trained and certified in other areas of alternative medicine.
This makes Dr. Shallenberger one of a small minority of doctors in this country licensed in conventional as well as alternative medicine. But more importantly, it allows him to integrate the best of both approaches for optimal results at his wellness
clinic, The Nevada Center of Alternative and Anti-Aging Medicine.
Dr. Shallenberger has been on the forefront of integrative medicine for several years with his involvement with the American College for the Advancement of Medicine (ACAM), The American Preventive Medical Association, and the American Academy
of Anti-Aging Medicine. He currently serves as an officer for the Orthomolecular Medicine-Health Society (OMH), founded in honor of two-time Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling.
Dr. Shallenberger has trained hundreds of physicians on his innovative medical treatments and published numerous scientific papers. He is a past Clinical Instructor of Family Medicine at the University of California-Davis School of Medicine. He
is also the author of two health books, Bursting with Energy and The Type 2 Diabetes Breakthrough. 
Dr. Shallenberger also writes the monthly newsletter Second Opinion.
Shop Dr. Shallenberger's Products  
  Janet Zand, O.M.D., L.Ac

 Dr. Janet Zand, O.M.D., L.Ac is a Board Certified Acupuncturist, a Doctor of Oriental Medicine, a nationally respected author, lecturer, natural health practitioner and herbal and nutraceutical products formulator who has helped thousands of people
achieve better health. In! Magazine describes Dr. Zand as "Hollywood's Best Kept Health Secret" because of her "A"-list clientele of movie stars, rock stars and professional athletes. With over 25 years of experience in natural medicine, she
was the co-founder of McZand Herbal and the formulator of ZAND Herbal Formulas, which are sold in natural health stores throughout the country.
Dr. Zand is also the co-author of three books on natural health and healing, including Smart Medicine for a Healthier Child, Smart Medicine for Healthier Living and the Nitric Oxide Solution. She has been featured in Elle, Allure, The Los Angeles
Times, Life Time TV, and the BBC.

She is the lead formulator for the Systeme 41® line of all-natural skin care products, and edits the popular Skin Care Insider weekly. For information about Skin Care Insider, visit the website at
http://www.systeme41.com

She is the Editor In Chief of Women's Health Letter, where each month she brings her readers ways to help them improve their health, enjoy their life, and thrive.
Shop Dr. Zand's Supplements 
  Steve Kroening, ND
 
 For over 25 years, Steve Kroening has worked hand-in-hand with some of the nation's top doctors, including Drs. Frank Shallenberger, Janet Zand, Nan Kathryn Fuchs, William Campbell Douglass, and best-selling author James
Balch. Steve is the author of the book Practical Guide to Home Remedies. As a health journalist, Steve's articles have appeared in countless magazines, blogs, and websites.
Steve researches breakthrough cures and treatments you won't hear about from mainstream medicine or even other "alternative" writers. He writes in a friendly, easy-to-read style that always gives you the power to guide your own health choices
and do more research on your own.
Shop Dr Kroening's Supplements 
  Isaac Eliaz, MD, MS, Lac
 
 A native of Israel, Dr. Eliaz received his medical degree from Tel Aviv University. Dr. Eliaz pursued graduate studies in clinical herbology at Hebrew University of Jerusalem and classical Chinese medicine with teachers in Israel and Europe.
In 1989 Dr. Eliaz moved to the San Francisco Bay area in order to continue his studies at the American College of Traditional Chinese Medicine, earning a Master of Science degree in 1991. He currently operates a busy private practice in northern
California focusing primarily on integrative, holistic protocols.
As an innovative formulator of dietary supplements, Dr. Eliaz developed and currently holds the patents for several of his unique herbal formulations. Some of these products are available through Advanced Bionutritionals.
Shop Our Nutritional Supplements 














Free eBook



                           Sign up today for free to Nutrient Insider and be the first to get the latest nutrient breakthroughs. You’ll also get 
immediate access to our eBook “How To Make Your Supplements Work Even Better”.
                        








Submit













×

Free Report



Sign up today for free to Nutrient Insider and be the first to get the latest nutrient breakthroughs. You'll also get
immediate access to our eBook "How To Make Your Supplements Work Even Better".































Advanced Bionutritionals® products are manufactured
                    in the USA from globally sourced ingredients by Formulation Technology, Inc.
                



















