

Joseph S. Cantie: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 10:36 PM ET
Auto Components

Company Overview of TRW Automotive Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Joseph S. Cantie  Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, TRW Automotive Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 6 different industries.See Board Relationships53--
Background

		Mr. Joseph S. Cantie serves as the Chief Financial Officer of TRW Integrated Chassis Systems LLC. Mr. Cantie has been Chief Financial Officer of TRW Automotive Inc. since February 2003 and its Executive Vice President since April 2004. Mr. Cantie has more than 30 years of financial and operating experience primarily in the industrials sector. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ZF TRW, a division of ZF Friedrichshafen AG (“ZF”), a global ... automotive supplier from May 2015 until January 2016. Mr. Cantie served as the Chief Financial Officer and an Executive Vice President of ZF TRW Automotive Holdings Corp., since April 2004 and served as its Treasurer. He served as Vice President of TRW Automotive Inc. since February 2003. Mr. Cantie served as a Vice President of ZF TRW Automotive Holdings Corp. He served as Vice President, Finance for TRW's automotive business since November 2001. Prior to that, he served as Vice President, Investor Relations for TRW Inc. from October 1999 to November 2001. In this role, he held responsibility for financial communications between the investment community and TRW, as well as management of the shareholder base. As a seasoned financial leader with extensive global automotive knowledge, Mr. Cantie has valuable perspective and insights. He joined TRW in September 1999 from LucasVarity plc. From November 1996 to September 1999, Mr. Cantie served in several executive positions with LucasVarity plc, including serving as Vice President and Controller from July 1998 to September 1999. Prior to joining LucasVarity, he spent ten years with the international accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick, beginning in 1985. He joined Varity Corporation in March 1995 as manager of financial and business analysis. He has been an Independent Director of Delphi Automotive PLC since June 01, 2015 and TopBuild Corp. since July 1, 2015. He has been a Director of Summit Materials, Inc. since May 2016. He is a Certified Public Accountant from AICPA. He has a bachelor of science degree from the State University of New York at Buffalo.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
12001 Tech Center DriveLivonia, Michigan 48150United StatesPhone: 734-266-2600Fax: 734-855-3345
Board Members Memberships
2015-PresentIndependent DirectorDelphi Automotive PLC2015-PresentIndependent DirectorTopBuild Corp.2016-PresentDirectorSummit Materials, Inc.
Education
BS University at Buffalo
Other Affiliations
University at BuffaloZF TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.TRW Integrated Chassis Systems LLCDelphi Automotive PLCTopBuild Corp.Summit Materials, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TRW Automotive Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Summit Materials Announces Annual Meeting Results and Appointment of Joseph Cantie to its Board | Summit Materials





























Jump to navigation



Summit Materials









Summit Materials Announces Annual Meeting Results and Appointment of Joseph Cantie to its Board








May 26 2016Company Release - 5/26/2016 4:15 PM ET

DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Summit Materials, Inc. (NYSE: SUM, “Summit” or the “Company”), a leading vertically integrated construction materials company, today announced the results of its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”), which was held on Thursday, May 26, 2016. Stockholders of record as of April 1, 2016 were entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting.
The following items were presented for stockholder approval:
To elect the two nominees for director named in the Proxy Statement to serve until the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and until their respective successors are elected and qualified;
To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP (“KPMG”) as independent auditors for fiscal year ending December 31, 2016;
To approve, on a nonbinding advisory basis, the compensation of named executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement;
To indicate, on a nonbinding advisory basis, whether a nonbinding advisory stockholder vote to approve the compensation of named executive officers should occur every one, two, or three years.
Following a tabulation of the total votes cast at the Annual Meeting, the proposal for election of each of the Summit Materials Board of Director’s nominee for directors passed; the vote to ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP (“KPMG”) as independent auditors for fiscal year ending December 31, 2016 passed; the vote to approve on a nonbinding advisory basis, the compensation of named executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement, passed; the vote to indicate, on a nonbinding advisory basis, whether a nonbinding advisory stockholder vote to approve the compensation of named executive officers should occur every one, two, or three years passed, providing that every year a nonbinding advisory stockholder vote to approve the compensation of named executive officers should occur. The final voting results for each proposal will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on a Current Report on Form 8-K and will be available for viewing on the Company’s website at. www.summit-materials.com.
Summit also today announced that its board of directors has appointed Joseph S. Cantie as a new director, also serving on the Audit Committee. Mr. Cantie has more than 30 years of financial and operating experience primarily in the industrials sector. With the appointment of Mr. Cantie, Summit’s board now comprises eight members.
Tom Hill, CEO of Summit, stated, “We are thrilled to add Joe to our board of directors. His combined financial and operating experience, along with his tenure at a big four accounting firm, provide a diversified knowledge base and additional perspective to our growing Company. We look forward to his positive contribution to Summit as we continue to demonstrate the strength of our materials based-strategy, successful acquisition track record and commitment to further expanding Adjusted EBITDA to generate additional shareholder value.”
Howard Lance, Chairman of Summit, added, “Joe will be a significant addition to our board given his past experience and we are pleased to welcome him as a new independent director. I look forward to working with him, along with the rest of the board to further advance our strategic goals and objectives.”
Mr. Cantie is the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ZF TRW, a division of ZF Friedrichshafen AG (“ZF”), a global automotive supplier, a position he held from May 2015 until January 2016. He served in similar roles at TRW Automotive Holdings Corp., which was acquired by ZF. Industries in May 2015, since 2003. Prior to that time, Mr. Cantie held other executive positions at TRW, which he joined in 1999. From 1996 to 1999, Mr. Cantie served in several executive positions with LucasVarity Plc, including serving as Vice President and Controller. Prior to joining LucasVarity, Mr. Cantie spent 10 years with KPMG. He is currently a director for TopBuild Corp. where he serves on the Audit, Compensation and Governance Committees, and for Delphi Automotive PLC where he serves on the Audit and Finance Committees. Mr. Cantie is a certified public accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York at Buffalo.
About Summit Materials
Summit Materials is a leading vertically integrated construction materials company that supplies aggregates, cement, ready-mix concrete and asphalt in the United States and British Columbia, Canada. Summit is a geographically diverse, aggregates-based business of scale that offers customers a single-source provider of construction materials and related downstream products in the residential, nonresidential, and public infrastructure end markets. Summit has a strong track record of successful acquisitions since its founding and continues to pursue growth opportunities in new and existing markets.
For more information about Summit Materials, please visit www.summit-materials.com.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including with respect to Summit’s anticipated benefits from its acquisitions. Forward-looking statements relate to expectations, beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “plan,” “outlook” and “project” and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of solely historical matters. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are made and/or management’s reasonable belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward looking statements. A discussion of factors that may affect future results is contained in Summit’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), as such factors may be updated from time to time by Summit’s subsequent filings with the SEC. Summit does not intend, and disclaims any obligation, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date hereof, except as required by federal securities laws.
 
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160526006367/en/
Summit Materials, Inc.Investor Relations:
303-515-5159investorrelations@summit-materials.comorMedia:
303-515-5158mediarelations@summit-materials.com
Source: Summit Materials, Inc.








News



 Summit Materials To Attend Upcoming Investor Conferences  

 Summit Materials Announces Pricing Of $300 Million Of 5.125% Senior Notes Due 2025  


All News




Events


There are currently no upcoming events.


Full Calendar






Contact Our Acquisition Team.
Contact Now 









	Delphi - Investors - Corporate Governance - Board of Directors





















































Email Alerts




Email Address
*



*








Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Presentation

Event

End-of-Day Stock Quote

Financial Reports










 





Enter the code shown above.



*







unsubscribe









Home»Investors»Corporate Governance»Board of Directors




NYSE DLPH

90.93
Change (%)
-2.17
	(-2.33%)
	Volume: 
1,733,401
Minimum 20 minute delay
July 21, 2017



show all
hide all







Rajiv  L. Gupta
,


,

, Chairman of the Board







Rajiv L. Gupta has been Chairman since 2015 and has been a director since November 2009. He is the former Chairman and CEO of Rohm and Haas Company, a worldwide producer of specialty products, a position he held from 1999 to 2009. Mr. Gupta began his career at Rohm and Haas in 1971 and served in a broad range of global operations and financial leadership roles. Mr. Gupta received a bachelor of science degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, a master of science degree in Operations Research from Cornell University and an MBA in Finance from Drexel University. Mr. Gupta’s professional experience, including as Chairman and CEO of a global public company and other board assignments, enable him to contribute his expertise in corporate leadership, public company governance, strategic analysis, operations, and executive compensation matters.
Other Directorships: Arconic Inc., HP Inc. (formerly Hewlett Packard) (2009-2017), The Vanguard Group, Inc. and Tyco International plc (2005-2016)






Joseph S.  Cantie
,


,









Joseph S. Cantie has been a director since June 2015. He is the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ZF TRW, a division of ZF Friedrichshafen AG (“ZF”), a global automobile supplier, a position he held from May 2015 until January 2016. He served in these same roles for TRW Automotive Holdings Corp., which was acquired by ZF in May 2015, since 2003. Prior to that time, he held other executive positions at TRW Inc., which he joined in 1999. From 1996-1999, Mr. Cantie served in several executive positions with LucasVarity Plc, including serving as Vice President and Controller. Prior to joining LucasVarity, Mr. Cantie spent 10 years with KPMG. Mr. Cantie is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor of science degree from the State University of New York at Buffalo. As a seasoned financial executive, with extensive automotive supply and global public company experience, Mr. Cantie provides the Board significant enterprise risk management, financial and industry expertise.
Other Directorships: Summit Materials, Inc. and TopBuild Corp.






Kevin P. Clark
,


,









Kevin P. Clark has been a director since March 2015. He also serves as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Delphi. In 2014, Mr. Clark was appointed Chief Operating Officer responsible for Delphi’s business divisions, as well as the Global Supply Management function. Mr. Clark joined Delphi in 2010 as Chief Financial Officer, responsible for all financial activities including strategic planning, corporate development, financial planning and analysis, treasury, accounting, and tax. Before coming to Delphi, he was a founding partner of Liberty Lane Partners, LLC, a private equity investment firm focused on investing in and building and improving middle-market companies. Mr. Clark served as Chief Financial Officer of Fisher-Scientific International Inc., a manufacturer, distributor and service provider to the global healthcare market, from the company's initial public offering in 2001 through the completion of its merger with Thermo Electron Corporation in 2006. He also held a number of senior management positions at Fisher-Scientific. Mr. Clark began his career in the financial organization of Chrysler Corporation. He has both a bachelor's degree in financial administration and a master’s degree in finance from Michigan State University. Mr. Clark is a proven leader with demonstrated success in creating and implementing Delphi’s business strategy. As our CEO and former CFO, Mr. Clark provides the Board significant strategic, financial and industry expertise.






Gary  L. Cowger
,


,









Gary L. Cowger has been a director since November 2009. He retired as Group Vice President of Global Manufacturing and Labor Relations for General Motors in 2009, a position he held since 2005. He is currently the Chairman and CEO of GLC Ventures, LLC, a consulting firm. Mr. Cowger began his career with GM in 1965 and held a range of senior leadership positions in business and operations in several countries, including President of GM North America, Chairman and Managing Director, Opel, AG, and President of GM de Mexico. Mr. Cowger earned a bachelor of science degree from Kettering University and a master of science degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Through his extensive experience in the automotive industry across global markets, Mr. Cowger provides industry and operational expertise and strengthens the Board’s global perspective.
Other Directorships: Titan International, Inc. and Tecumseh Products Company (2013-2015)







Nicholas M. Donofrio
,


,









Nicholas M. Donofrio has been a director since December 2009. He retired as Executive Vice President, Innovation & Technology at IBM in 2008. Mr. Donofrio began his career at IBM in 1964, and worked there for more than 40 years in various positions of increasing responsibility, including Division Director; President for Advanced Workstations Division; General Manager, Large Scale Computing Division; and Senior Vice President, Technology & Manufacturing. Mr. Donofrio earned a bachelor of science degree from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and holds a master’s degree from Syracuse University. Mr. Donofrio brings to the Board of Directors executive management skills and significant technological expertise, providing us with valuable insight regarding technology and innovation strategies.
Other Directorships: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. and Bank of New York Mellon Corporation






Mark  P. Frissora
,


,









Mark P. Frissora has been a director since December 2009. In July 2015, he became the President and Chief Executive Officer of Caesars Entertainment Corporation, a casino entertainment company.  He joined Caesars in February 2015 as CEO designate and a member of their Board of Directors. He previously served as the Chairman and CEO of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. from 2006-2014. Prior to joining Hertz, Mr. Frissora served as Chairman and CEO of Tenneco, Inc. from 2000-2006. Mr. Frissora previously served for five years as a Vice President at Aeroquip-Vickers Corporation. From 1987 to 1991, he held various management positions at Philips N.V., including Director of Marketing and Director of Sales. Prior to Philips, he worked for ten years at General Electric Co. in brand management, marketing and sales. Mr. Frissora holds a bachelor’s degree from The Ohio State University and has completed advanced studies at both Babson College and the Thunderbird International School of Management. Mr. Frissora contributes expertise in automotive operations, product development, marketing and sales. As the CEO of a global public company, Mr. Frissora also contributes talent development and strategic and financial management skills.
Other Directorships: Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (2009-2015) and Hertz Global Holdings (2006-2014)






Sean  O. Mahoney 
,


,









Sean O. Mahoney has been a director since November 2009. He is a private investor with over two decades of experience in investment banking and finance. Mr. Mahoney spent 17 years in investment banking at Goldman, Sachs & Co., where he was a partner and head of the Financial Sponsors Group, followed by four years at Deutsche Bank Securities, where he served as Vice Chairman, Global Banking. During his banking career, Mr. Mahoney acted as an advisor to companies across a broad range of industries and product areas. He earned his undergraduate degree from the University of Chicago and his graduate degree from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes Scholar. Through his experience in investment banking and finance and proven investment acumen, Mr. Mahoney provides the Board of Directors with expertise in financial and business strategy, capital markets, financing, and mergers and acquisitions
Other directorships: Arconic Inc., Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc., Formula One Holdings, Post-bankruptcy Board of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. and Alcoa Inc., (2016)






Timothy M. Manganello
,


,









Timothy M. Manganello has been a director since March 2015. He retired as Chief Executive Officer of BorgWarner Inc., a global automotive supplier,  in 2012, and retired as Executive Chairman of the Board of BorgWarner in 2013. He served in these roles since 2003 and had also served as President, Chief Operating Officer, among other executive roles. He joined the company in 1989. Mr. Manganello also served as the Chairman of the Chicago Federal Reserve Bank, Detroit branch, from 2007 to 2011. He earned both undergraduate and graduate engineering degrees from the University of Michigan. As the retired Chairman and CEO of an automotive supply company and global public company, Mr. Manganello offers the Board valuable experience in automotive operations, international sales, operations and engineering, as well as strategic and financial management skills.
Other Directorships: Bemis Company, Inc., BorgWarner Inc. (2002-2013) and Zep Inc. (2011-2015)






Ana G. Pinczuk
,


,









Ana G. Pinczuk has been a director since November 2016. In 2017, she was named Senior Vice President of Hewlett Packard Enterprise’s Pointnext technology services organization. Before joining HPE, she was the Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer of Veritas Technologies LLC, a data management provider specializing in information protection, availability, and insight solutions, a position she held from March 2016 until October 2016. Prior to that time, she served as the Senior Vice President and General Manager, Backup and Recovery for Symantec Corporation from 2015 until 2016. From 2000 until 2015, Ms. Pinczuk served in varied executive positions with Cisco Systems, Inc., including serving as Senior Vice President, Sales from 2014 to 2015, Senior Vice President, Services Transformation and Chief Operating Officer from 2013 to 2014, and Vice President, Global Technical Services from 2009 until 2013. Prior to joining Cisco, Ms. Pinczuk spent 15 years with AT&T, Inc., in positions of increasing responsibility. Ms. Pinczuk earned both undergraduate and graduate mechanical engineering degrees from Cornell University, an executive master degree in technology management from the University of Pennsylvania and a master of software management degree from Carnegie Mellon University. Ms. Pinczuk’s broad and extensive technology background spans mobile, IP networking, software, data storage and security, making her a strong addition to the Delphi board as Delphi accelerates its innovation in new mobility technologies that are reshaping the automotive industry.






Thomas  W. Sidlik
,


,









Thomas W. Sidlik has been a director since December 2009. He retired from the DaimlerChrysler AG Board of Management in Germany in 2007 after a 34 year career in the automotive industry. He previously served as Chairman and CEO of Chrysler Financial Corporation, Chairman of the Michigan Minority Business Development Council, and Vice-Chairman of the National Minority Supplier Development Council. He received a bachelor of science degree from New York University and an MBA from the University of Chicago. Mr. Sidlik’s experience on the board of a global automaker provides the Board of Directors with significant industry, management, purchasing and strategic expertise, as well as his comprehensive understanding of the issues of diversity in the corporate environment.
Other Directorships: Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc.






Bernd Wiedemann
,


,









Bernd Wiedemann has been a director since April 2010. He is Senior Advisor at IAV GmbH, a leading provider of engineering services to the automotive industry based in Germany. Mr. Wiedemann joined IAV after retiring from Volkswagen AG and is former Chief Executive Officer, Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles and Truck Division in Wolfsburg, Germany. A 37-year employee of Volkswagen, Mr. Wiedemann held senior executive positions including Executive Vice President, Volkswagen, South America (1994-1995); Executive Vice President, Autolatina (1992-1994) and Director, Passenger Car and Commercial Vehicle Development (1989-1992). Mr. Wiedemann received a master’s degree from the Hannover Technical University, a doctorate from Brandenburg Technical University and is a professor at the Berlin Institute of Technology. Mr. Wiedemann’s extensive engineering expertise and his global OEM management experience enable him to provide engineering, product development, industry, and leadership expertise to the Board of Directors.






Lawrence  A. Zimmerman
,


,









Lawrence A. Zimmerman has been a director since November 2009. He is the former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of Xerox Corporation, a position he held from 2002 until 2011. He joined Xerox as CFO in 2002 after retiring from IBM. A 31-year employee of IBM, Mr. Zimmerman held senior executive positions including Vice President of Finance for IBM’s Europe, Middle East and Africa operations, and Corporate Controller. Mr. Zimmerman received a bachelor of science degree in finance from New York University and an MBA from Adelphi University. Mr. Zimmerman brings to the Board of Directors significant experience leading the finance organization of a large global company, and contributes financial, risk management, and strategy expertise.
Other Directorships: Flextronics International Ltd., Brunswick Corporation (2006-2015), Computer Sciences Corporation (2012-2014), and Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (2005-2011)












































Cantie Appointed to Summit Board


















































































Home 





News 





Key Issues 





Features 





Equipment & Technology 





Blog 





Frac Sand 





Buyers' Guide 





 



 Home
— About Us
— Contact Us
— Newsletter
— Subscribe
— Advertise
— Rock Products Media Kit
— Current Issue
— Digital Archives
— Events
 News
— Distributor News
 Key Issues
— Environment
— Economics
— Last Call
— On the Mark
— Permitting
— Law
— Community Relations
— Management
— Safety & Health
 Features
 Equipment & Technology
— Equipment & Technology
— Automation & Energy
— Drilling & Blasting
— Loading & Hauling
— Crushing & Breaking
— Material Handling & Conveying
— Screening & Sizing
— Loadout & Transportation
— Maintenance & Wear Parts
 Blog
— 120th Anniversary
— Manufacturers in Focus
— People on the Move
— Prime-Time Products
— LIVE from ConExpo-Con/Agg
— Rock Stars
 Frac Sand
— Frac Sand Newsletter
— Market Buzz
— Producer News
— Analysis
— New Products
— Frac Sand Conference
 Buyers' Guide















120th Anniversary 





Manufacturers in Focus 





People on the Move 





Prime-Time Products 





LIVE from ConExpo-Con/Agg 





Rock Stars 
















































Home

 



Blog

 



People on the Move

 




Cantie Appointed to Summit Board 



















Cantie Appointed to Summit Board 


 

 


Details


Published: Friday, 27 May 2016 17:49 















Summit Materials announced that its board of directors has appointed Joseph S. Cantie as a new director, also serving on the Audit Committee. Cantie has more than 30 years of financial and operating experience primarily in the industrials sector. With the appointment of Cantie, Summit’s board now comprises eight members.
Tom Hill, CEO of Summit, stated, “We are thrilled to add Joe to our board of directors. His combined financial and operating experience, along with his tenure at a big four accounting firm, provide a diversified knowledge base and additional perspective to our growing Company. We look forward to his positive contribution to Summit as we continue to demonstrate the strength of our materials based-strategy, successful acquisition track record and commitment to further expanding Adjusted EBITDA to generate additional shareholder value.”
Howard Lance, chairman of Summit, added, “Joe will be a significant addition to our board given his past experience and we are pleased to welcome him as a new independent director. I look forward to working with him, along with the rest of the board to further advance our strategic goals and objectives.”
Cantie is the former executive vice president and chief financial officer of ZF TRW, a division of ZF Friedrichshafen AG , a global automotive supplier, a position he held from May 2015 until January 2016. He served in similar roles at TRW Automotive Holdings Corp., which was acquired by ZF. Industries in May 2015, since 2003. Prior to that time, Cantie held other executive positions at TRW, which he joined in 1999.
From 1996 to 1999, Cantie served in several executive positions with LucasVarity Plc, including serving as vice president and controller. Prior to joining LucasVarity, Cantie spent 10 years with KPMG. He is currently a director for TopBuild Corp. where he serves on the audit, compensation and governance committees, and for Delphi Automotive PLC where he serves on the audit and finance committees. Mr. Cantie is a certified public accountant and holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the State University of New York at Buffalo. Tags:  Joseph S. Cantie  Summit Materials  Audit Committee  Related Articles   Single-Family Housing Starts Bounce Back in June...     Polaris Materials Addresses First-Half Progress...     Summit Materials Implements Fleet Maintenance Management Solution...     Transaction Analysis: Martin Marietta Acquires Bluegrass Materials ...     Cemex Finalizes 10-Year Port Lease in California...     Martin Marietta to Acquire Bluegrass Materials...  
















































Resource Center



No iframes








Most Popular






De Beers Canada’s Snap Lake Mine to Auction Equipment 



MSHA Issues New Serious Accident Alert 



CalPortland Receives ARPA Community Excellence Award 



Single-Family Housing Starts Bounce Back in June 



KCSA Presents Safety Awards 




More inLatest News   




























































Contact Details



Mining Media, International 8751 E. Hampden Ave B1 Denver, CO 80231 USA   T: +1 (303) 283-0640 F: +1 (303) 283-0641   [email protected]  [email protected]









Help and Support




Subscription Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy












 











 






















E&MJ 





Coal Age 





Concrete Products 





Cement Americas 





Equipo Minero 





C&D World 





ASIA Miner 



 











© 2017 | All rights reserved.














Executive Profile | TRW Automotive Holdings Corporation | Joseph S. Cantie | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Joseph S. Cantie 

		
		EVP and CFO, 

	
		 TRW Automotive Holdings Corporation 	

 
Last Updated: 04/25/2015 



Executive Summary
Cantie was appointed Chief Financial Officer of TRW Automotive Holdings Corporation in February 2003 and in April 2004 was promoted from Vice President to Executive Vice President. He leads all aspects of the Livonia, Michigan-based company's financial function, with an emphasis on continuous financial improvement for TRW Automotiv 
Personal Attributes and Interests

From 1993 to 1995, while working at KPMG, Cantie was an Adjunct Professor at the State University of New York, Buffalo.

Current Focus
Divest linkage and suspension business: In April 2015 TRW announced that its subsidiary, TRW Automotive, agreed to divest its Linkage and Suspension business for $400 million in cash to THK Co., LTD, PRNewswire reported. 
Key Challenges

New competitors: CEO John Plant told PwC in 2015, "If it’s true that some of the new technologies are moving us towards the semiautonomous or autonomous car, then software will play a bigger part of the added valu 
Biographical Highlights

Born circa 1963.
Cantie earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration and Accounting from the State University of New York, Buffalo, in 1985. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Member, American Institute of CPAs

Donations and Philanthropy

Cantie in 2008 contributed $500 to the TRW Automotive Inc. Good Government Fund.
In 2005 he gave the fund $1,250. 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























View Full Samples Now!














			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us



















DLPH Joseph S. Cantie Insider Trades for Delphi Automotive PLC


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Delphi Automotive PLC

                  NYSE: DLPH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Delphi Automotive PLC



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:11 p.m.


DLPH

/quotes/zigman/7310093/composite


$
90.66




Change

-0.27
-0.30%

Volume
Volume 12,826
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/7310093/composite
Today's close

$
			93.10
		


$
				90.93
			
Change

-2.17
-2.33%





Day low
Day high
$89.81
$91.73










52 week low
52 week high

            $60.50
        

            $93.43
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Joseph S. Cantie



Mr. Joseph S. Cantie, CPA, is Independent Director at Summit Materials, Inc., Independent Director at Delphi Automotive Plc, Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President at TRW Automotive Holdings Corp., Chief Financial Officer & Vice President at TRW Automotive, Inc., and a Member at The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He is on the Board of Directors at Summit Materials, Inc., Delphi Automotive Plc, and Topbuild Corp.
Mr. Cantie was previously employed as Vice President-Finance by TRW, Inc. and Vice President & Controller by LucasVarity TRW.
He received his undergraduate degree from The State University of New York.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/27/2017
3,315


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/26/2017
388


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $79.25 per share.


30,749


04/26/2017
56


 



0


04/28/2016
3,334


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/27/2016
225


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $77.02 per share.


17,330


04/27/2016
29


 



0


06/23/2015
2,815


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Kevin P. Clark 
President, CEO, Chief Operating Officer & Director




Mr. Joseph R. Massaro 
Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Glen W. De Vos 
Chief Technology Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. Matthew  Peterson 
Chief Information Officer & Senior Vice President




Mr. David  Paja 
Senior VP, President-Electronics & Safety




Mr. David M. Sherbin 
Secretary, Chief Compliance Officer & Senior VP




Mr. James A. Spencer 
Executive Vice President-Operations




Mr. Liam  Butterworth 
Senior VP & President-Powertrain Systems




Mr. Sidney  Johnson 
Senior Vice President-Global Supply Management




Mr. William  Guggina 
Vice President-Global Operations




Mr. Majdi B. Abulaban 
Senior VP & President-Asia Pacific Region




Mr. Kevin  Quinlan 
General Manager-Gas Engine Management Systems




Mr. Keith D. Stipp 
President-Product & Service Solutions




Ms. Ana G. Pinczuk 
Director




Mr. J. Christopher Preuss 
Senior Vice President-Marketing & Communications




Mr. Allan J. Brazier 
Chief Accounting Officer & Vice President




Ms. Kristen  Kinley 
Director-Media Relations




Ms. Elena Dom Rosman 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Susan M. Suver 
Chief Human Resources Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Rajiv Lochan  Gupta 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. Joseph S. Cantie 
Independent Director




Mr. Timothy M. Manganello 
Independent Director




Mr. Nicholas M. Donofrio 
Independent Director




Mr. Gary L. Cowger 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark P. Frissora 
Independent Director




Mr. Sean O. Mahoney 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence A. Zimmerman 
Independent Director




Dr. Bernd  Wiedemann 
Independent Director




Mr. Thomas W. Sidlik 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




10:36 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Joseph S Cantie - Depew, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joseph S Cantie in Depew, NY


Joseph S Cantie

                                                                           Intelius found that Joseph S Cantie  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Depew, NY.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Joseph A Cantie


Get Report Now

Age

Joseph S Cantie is in his 50s

Joseph Has Lived In

Depew, NY
Beachwood, OH
Buffalo, NY

Joseph's Relatives

Caroline Cantie
Marcia Cantie
Thomas Cantie
W Cantie







Joseph S Cantie



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive Vice President at TRW Automotive



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joseph? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joseph, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joseph S Cantie
Get a Criminal Check on Joseph S Cantie
Get a Public Record Report on Joseph S Cantie
Get a People Search Report on Joseph S Cantie


Joseph S Cantie's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joseph S Cantie has lived as well as Joseph S Cantie's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joseph S Cantie Has Lived in 3 States
New York Address for Joseph S Cantie


330 C******* A** 

Depew, NY


Has Lived In

Depew, NY
Beachwood, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joseph S Cantie

(716) ***-**** - Depew, NY 
(248) ***-**** - Northville, MI 
(734) ***-**** - Livonia, MI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joseph S Cantie

j**********e@***.com
j*****e@***.com
j*****e@***.com


Get Email Report




Joseph S Cantie's Professional Information
Information regarding Joseph S Cantie's professional history.  Find out previous places Joseph S Cantie has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph S Cantie Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: TRW Automotive
               Title: Executive Vice President
Company: TRW Automotive
               Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Joseph S Cantie's Experience
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: TRW Automotive
Job Details
               With 2007 sales of $14.7 billion, TRW Automotive ranks among the world's leading automotive suppliers. Headquartered in Livonia, Michigan, USA, the Company, through its subsidiaries, operates in 27 countries and employs more than 66,000 people worldwide. TRW Automotive products include integrated vehicle control and driver assist systems, braking systems, steering systems, suspension systems, occupant safety systems (seat belts and airbags), electronics, engine components, fastening systems and aftermarket replacement parts and services.
Title: Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
               Company: TRW Automotive
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000. With 2007 sales of $14.7 billion, TRW Automotive ranks among the world's leading automotive suppliers. Headquartered in Livonia, Michigan, USA, the Company, through its subsidiaries, operates in 27 countries and employs more than 66,000 people worldwide. TRW Automotive products include integrated vehicle control and driver assist systems, braking systems, steering systems, suspension systems, occupant safety systems (seat belts and airbags), electronics, engine components, fastening systems and aftermarket replacement parts and services.
Additional Professional Information on Joseph S Cantie

 See Joseph S Cantie's LinkedIn Profile



Joseph S Cantie's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joseph S Cantie


Joseph S Cantie's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joseph S Cantie's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joseph Cantie
Username Matches

                  JosephCantie
                  CantieJoseph
                  Joseph.Cantie
                  Cantie.Joseph
                  Joseph_Cantie
                  Cantie_Joseph
                  Joseph-Cantie
                  Cantie-Joseph
                  JCantie
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Cantie







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Sitemap  - Salary.com







































Enterprise
Small Business
Personal


Contact Us
Log In































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice













Sitemap 





  


Salary

US Salary Wizard
Purchase a Salary Report
Browse by Category
Browse by Income
Popular Salaries
Canadian Salary Wizard
Negotiation Tips
Trends
Benefits Calculator
Benefits Information
Executive Pay Wizard
Employment & Labor News


Job Search

Search Job Openings
Job Comparison Tool
Browse Jobs by State
Browse by Category
Resume Advice
Job Alert Emails
Interview Techniques
Networking
Personal Branding
Unemployment
Popular Job Searches


Education

Education Finder
Browse by Career
Browse by Level
Browse by Major
College Tuition Planner
Higher-Education
Vocational Education
Training & Certification
Trade Shows & Conferences
Internships





 


Career Development

Archetype Test
Performance Self-Test
Career Profiles
Performance Reviews
Management Advice


Work & Life

Cost of Living Calculator
Cost of Living News
Relocating for Work
Work/Life Balance
Get Organized
Office Politics
Investing Wisely
Volunteering


Features

Salary Talk Podcast
Dream Jobs
Ask The Salary Expert
Office Etiquette
 Mom Salary Wizard
 Dad Salary Wizard
 The Executive Presence Blog
 Boost Your Work/Life Balance
 The Salary Tutor
 Get Interviews
 Personality Style at Work
 Awesomize Me
 Dollars & $ense Job Search
 Green Notes
 Job Channel Network
Glossary







Product Overviews


Data Subscriptions
Job Pricing Reports


Articles


HR Articles
Compensation
Defining a Job
Hiring Employees
Measuring Performance
Leadership 
Running a Business
Leadership
Organization
Finance



































     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator












   Joseph Cantie | Fisher Scientific International Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















