


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.82
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-2.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.62%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Wed Jul 26 22:50:05 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Actively Prepared for Rising Rates















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home






Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email















Actively Prepared for Rising Rates








While many said they believed rates would eventually head upwards, not all managers were as proactive as Dr. Hasenstab about positioning their portfolios for the shift. Hear his thoughts on the impact government policy could have on inflation, economic growth and interest rates moving forward.






Average Annual Total ReturnsPeriods Ended June 30, 2017



 Year-to-Date Total Returns1-Year5-Year10-YearSince InceptionExpense Ratios (Net/Gross)



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class (TGBAX)
2.29%
10.42%
3.82%
6.58%
7.69% (9/18/86)
0.68%/0.74%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class (TTRZX)
3.55%
11.76%
4.64%
–––
8.28% (9/30/08)
0.83%/0.86%


Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index1
2.27%
-0.31%
2.21%
4.48%
–––
–––


Citigroup World Government Bond Index1
4.49%
-4.14%
-0.20%
3.49%
–––
–––


Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index1
4.58%
-1.38%
1.05%
3.85%
–––
–––



30-Day Standardized YieldsAs of June 30, 2017



 With Waiver / Without Waiver



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class
5.22%/5.16%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class
5.70%/5.64%




Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. The fund’s investment return and principal value will change with market conditions, and you may have a gain or a loss when you sell your shares. Please call Franklin Templeton at (800) DIAL BEN/(800) 342-5236 or visit franklintempleton.com for the most recent month-end performance.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees.










ABOUT THE FUNDS







Templeton Global Bond Fund






Templeton Global Total Return Fund













GAIN FROM OUR PERSPECTIVEDr. Michael Hasenstab in India
A Bright Spot Amongst Emerging Markets

A Record of Impressive Returns

This flyer illustrates how Templeton Global Bond Fund has withstood the test of time and achieved compelling performance over a 30-year time period.

The Value of Active – 1,681 Basis Points

See how Templeton Global Bond Fund’s distinctly different portfolio has led to near- and long-term outperformance relative to its passive benchmark and peer group.

Straight Talk on Templeton Global Bond Fund

This brochure is designed to help strengthen your understanding of the fund, its strategy and the current outlook of the Templeton Global Macro team. 

Global Macro Shifts – TRADE AND TAXES IN A WORLD WITH BORDERS

Templeton Global Macro, led by Dr. Michael Hasenstab, examines potential US corporate tax reform and the possible impacts of a border adjustment tax.








DR. HASENSTAB IN THE NEWSThe New York Times
The Lessons from Argentina

Bloomberg
All Roads Lead to Rio as Haven from Populists

The Wall Street Journal
10-Year Treasury Yield’s Surge Vindicates Bond Bears








This video is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, market, industry, security or fund. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of February 6, 2017, and may change without notice. A portfolio manager’s assessment of a particular security, investment or strategy is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy; it is intended only to provide insight into the fund’s portfolio selection process. Holdings are subject to change. The value of investments can go down as well as up, and investors may not get back the full amount invested.
1. Source: FactSet Research, Morningstar. March 31, 2017. Indexes are unmanaged, and one cannot invest directly in an index. They do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges. Important data provider notices and terms are available at www.franklintempletondatasources.com.
The funds have a fee waiver associated with any investment they make in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through April 30, 2018. Fund investment results reflect the fee waiver; without this waiver, the results would have been lower.
The funds’ 30-day standardized yields are calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. The yields may not equal the funds’ actual income distribution rates, which reflects the funds’ past dividends paid to shareholders.
The funds offer multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Visit the fund information page for performance and fee details for other share classes: Templeton Global Bond Fund / Templeton Global Total Return Fund.
Effective 1/1/97, Templeton Global Bond Fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index is a market-capitalization weighted index representing the U.S. investment-grade fixed rate taxable bond market.
Citigroup World Government Bond Index is a market capitalization weighted index consisting of investment-grade world government bond markets.
Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index provides a broad-based measure of the global fixed-income bond market. The index represents the union of the Global Aggregate Index and the Global High-Yield Index and captures investment-grade and high-yield securities in all eligible currencies.
What are the risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Templeton Global Bond Fund
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic and political uncertainties. Investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets' smaller size and lesser liquidity. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in interest rates will affect the value of the fund's portfolio and its share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. The fund is also non-diversified, which involves the risk of greater price fluctuation than a more diversified portfolio. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value.
Templeton Global Total Return Fund
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations (which may be significant over the short term) and economic and political uncertainties; investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Sovereign debt securities are subject to various risks in addition to those relating to debt securities and foreign securities generally, including, but not limited to, the risk that a government entity may be unwilling or unable to pay interest and repay principal on its sovereign debt, or otherwise meet its obligations when due. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the funds' prospectus.
For more information on any funds, contact your financial advisor or download a prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund’s investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





2017 Global Investment Outlook | Franklin Templeton Investments
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Uncharted Terrain:  Today’s Global Market Drivers
2017 Global Investment Outlook – June Update










Improving global economic indicators are supporting markets that have been flirting with all-time highs. Against a backdrop of historically low volatility and uncertain geopolitical risks, US and other global equity markets have many wondering whether this upward trend can continue. Franklin Templeton’s investment leaders discuss where they see opportunities and risks.















Economic Policy Shifts in the Developed Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Our global macro CIO shares his view on the next likely policy shifts in major developed markets.







US Fixed Income: Risk and the Current Rate Environment
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Could the US credit sector be facing a near-term correction? Our fixed income expert weighs in.







The Undercurrent in Today’s Emerging Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017Our head of equities explains what’s driving economic growth in emerging markets and how those factors may impact investors.







Actively Navigating Asset Correlations and Dispersions
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 How might investors position their portfolios for today’s markets? Gain perspective from our multi-asset solutions expert.







Global Investment Outlook – Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Watch the complete video, including additional content covering emerging markets prospects and risks, global fixed-income opportunities, and US fixed-income valuations.


Meet the Panel







Edward D. Perks, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Multi-Asset Solutions








Christopher J. Molumphy, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Fixed Income Group










Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Chief Investment Officer, Templeton Global Macro








Stephen H. Dover, CFA

Head of Equities

















Related Content








Read key insights from our investment leaders: Topic Paper (PDF) Blog (Web)










Download the audio file of the complete interview (MP3)











RESOURCES







Blog: Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers






Blog: UK Election Result: Grounds for Optimism in the Medium Term?






Blog: Theresa May’s Shock Defeat Threatens Further Volatility






Global Macro Shifts: Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism













PREVIOUS EDITION (March 2017)







Topic Paper (PDF)






Audio (MP3)













What Are the Risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds adjust to a rise in interest rates, the share price may decline. Investments in foreign securities involve special risks including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments. Investments in emerging market countries involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets’ smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets. Such investments could experience significant price volatility in any given year. High yields reflect the higher credit risk associated with these lower-rated securities and, in some cases, the lower market prices for these instruments. Interest rate movements may affect the share price and yield. Stock prices fluctuate, sometimes rapidly and dramatically, due to factors affecting individual companies, particular industries or sectors, or general market conditions. Treasuries, if held to maturity, offer a fixed rate of return and fixed principal value; their interest payments and principal are guaranteed.
Important Legal Information
The information provided is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, region, or market. Comments, opinions and analyses contained herein are those of the speaker and are for informational purposes only. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of March 15, 2017, and may change without notice. The analysis and opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas, portfolio managers or investment management teams at Franklin Templeton Investments. Opinions are intended to provide insight on macroeconomic issues and commentary is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy.
For US Residents Only
NOT FDIC INSURED ∗ MAY LOSE VALUE ∗ NO BANK GUARANTEE






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Global Macro Shifts
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        Global Macro Shifts
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Global Macro Shifts











WHAT IS GLOBAL MACRO SHIFTS?


Global Macro Shifts is a research-based briefing on global economies featuring the analysis and views of Dr. Michael Hasenstab and senior members of Templeton Global Macro.



Latest edition



Trade and Taxes in a World with Borders
US policy continues to be an important topic for investors throughout the world. Recently, the potential for US corporate tax reform and a border adjustment tax (BAT) stirred debate not only within the US government but also among global investors. Templeton Global Macro examines how a BAT would work, its likely effect on prices and exchange rates, its implications for the longer-term macroeconomic outlook, its impact on different domestic sectors and trade flows, and the potential ramifications for international trade relations.​
Read More






Other editions








January 2017

Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism









June 2016

Emerging Markets: Mapping the Opportunities









February 2016

Inflation: dead, or just forgotten?









November 2015

Japan: The quest for growth and inflation









July 2015

China: Searching for a New Equilibrium









February 2015

Headwinds or Tailwinds?








   
                                LOAD MORE
                            







Meet the Team







Dr. Hasenstab and his team manage Templeton's global bond strategies, including unconstrained fixed income, currency and global macro. This economic team, trained in some of the leading universities in the world, integrates global macroeconomic analysis with in-depth country research to help identify long-term imbalances that translate to investment opportunities.







Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Executive Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Chief Investment Officer
Templeton Global Macro








Sonal Desai, Ph.D.

Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research
Templeton Global Macro










Hyung C. Shin, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Attila Korpos, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Calvin Ho, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Diego Valderrama, Ph.D.

Senior Global Macro & Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Shlomi Kramer, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro

















You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 


































































American Funds





































































































All Funds | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER










































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.96					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/26/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


0.00063423
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


0.00063423
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.






































































































































American High-Income Trust - AHITX | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ American High-Income Trust                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


American High-Income Trust ®
								(AHITX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A well-researched approach to high-yield investing.						  
Holds carefully researched, higher yielding, lower rated bonds with the potential for capital appreciation as company and economic fundamentals improve. More correlated with stocks than bonds.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.51					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$17,382.2
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

4					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.71%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



11.74%
1-year return

        


5.36%
5-year return

        


5.48%
10-year return

        



3.79%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



7.59%
1-year return

        


4.57%
5-year return

        


5.08%
10-year return

        



3.79%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities1.4%

Non-U.S. Equities0.4%



U.S. Bonds76.1%

Non-U.S. Bonds16.8%



Cash & Equivalents5.3%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 AHITX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




4.1 years
Average Life 


3.3 years
Average Duration 


6.5%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


6.4%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Low Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income. Its secondary investment objective is capital appreciation.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A diversified portfolio of lower rated, higher yielding bonds. The fund's portfolio managers pay close attention to balancing the fund's high current income objective with potential principal risk when selecting securities.					



						Types of Investments
					

At least 65% of the portfolio will be invested in high-yield, lower rated bonds (Ba or BB or below at the time of purchase, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) and other similar securities, including preferred stocks. Up to 25% of assets may be invested in common stocks or equity-related securities.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

Up to 25% of assets may be invested in securities of issuers outside the U.S., which may be denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							02/19/1988

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$17,382.2

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 9/30/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							380+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							717,858

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							76%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Sep

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							026547 10 9

						Fund Number
						
					
							21












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 AHITX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 AHITX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for AHITX through 07/26/2017.
            

 AHITX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

5.31%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

5.11%					

3.79%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David C. Barclay

36
29
27



Tom Chow

28
2
2



David A. Daigle

23
23
13



Tara L. Torrens

14
14
2



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (590)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(590 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(474 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(317 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					High Yield Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(564)



(564)



(457)



(303)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(167)



(167)



(138)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(566)



(566)



(458)



(304)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(566)



(566)



(458)



(304)





Category
High Yield Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


9.99                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.53                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
                        

                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

97                        

5                        


Beta 

0.93                        

0.66                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
103/89
99/114










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
1.3%


A
0.0%


BBB/Baa
2.0%


BB/Ba
22.1%


B
43.4%


CCC & Below
22.4%


Unrated
1.7%


Cash & equivalents
5.3%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
61.1%


5-9.9 Years
28.8%


10-19.9 Years
1.3%


20-29.9 Years
1.6%


30+ Years
0.1%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
91.1%


Industrials
9%


Information technology
7.4%


Utilities
4%


Financials
3.1%


Other corporate bonds & notes
2.4%


Consumer staples
2.2%


Energy
14.8%


Health Care
13.2%


Consumer discretionary
12.9%


Materials
11.2%


Telecommunication services
10.9%









Other bonds & notes
1.5%







Convertible securities
1.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




Valeant Pharmaceuticals International

2.7%



Sprint

1.8%



Tenet Healthcare

1.8%



Altice

1.6%



First Quantum Minerals

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
77.50%


Europe
7.50%


Asia & Pacific Basin
1.90%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
7.80%


Cash & equivalents
5.30%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

0.2%
			


Other currencies
0.2%


U.S. Dollar
99.8%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
77.5%


Canada
6.1%


Netherlands
2.0%


United Kingdom
1.3%


Luxembourg
1.1%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0455357
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.36


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0402637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.46


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0484023
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.40


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0470432
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.44


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0488094
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.47


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0448773
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.43






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.27493161


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.27493161




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00468870
07/03/2017


0.00312428
07/05/2017


0.00158506
07/06/2017


0.00158493
07/07/2017


0.00477266
07/10/2017


0.00158523
07/11/2017


0.00166222
07/12/2017


0.00167723
07/13/2017


0.00158405
07/14/2017


0.00484819
07/17/2017


0.00154268
07/18/2017


0.00160174
07/19/2017


0.00159160
07/20/2017


0.00159972
07/21/2017


0.00457615
07/24/2017


0.00158666
07/25/2017


0.00157112
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00468870
07/03/2017


0.00312428
07/05/2017


0.00158506
07/06/2017


0.00158493
07/07/2017


0.00477266
07/10/2017


0.00158523
07/11/2017


0.00166222
07/12/2017


0.00167723
07/13/2017


0.00158405
07/14/2017


0.00484819
07/17/2017


0.00154268
07/18/2017


0.00160174
07/19/2017


0.00159160
07/20/2017


0.00159972
07/21/2017


0.00457615
07/24/2017


0.00158666
07/25/2017


0.00157112
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.29%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.71%


Lipper 		 High Yield
 Funds Average
	


1.05%			








Resources






			Literature for AHITX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
11/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
05/17





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
11/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the lowest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American High-Income Trust (AHITX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index     
Lipper High Yield Funds Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, February 19, 1988) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1988), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American High-Income Trust (AHITX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
Lipper High Yield Funds Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High-Yield 2% Issuer Capped: Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index covers the universe of fixed-rate, non-investment-grade debt. The index limits the maximum exposure of any one issuer to 2%.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index
Lipper High Yield Funds Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for AHITX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.






































































































































American Funds Strategic Bond Fund - ANBAX | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ American Funds Strategic Bond Fund                                                SM


















BOND FUNDS


American Funds Strategic Bond Fund SM
(ANBAX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Multisector Fund Majoring in Rates and Minoring in Credit.						  
A flexible core fund that will rely on high-conviction ideas, which may primarily involve active management of duration, yield curve and inflation expectations with a focus on risk management and monitoring. Can invest in extended bond sectors on an opportunistic basis.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.30					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$435.5
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

3					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



1.12%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


3.42%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-2.66%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


0.38%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds69.5%

Non-U.S. Bonds23.5%



Cash & Equivalents7.0%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures



Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.8 years
Average Life 


3.0 years
Average Duration 


2.3%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


0.8%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund’s investment objective is to provide maximum total return consistent with preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A multi-sector fund that acts like a bond fund. Its relatively small concentration in high-yield bonds is designed to result in a low correlation to equities.					



						Types of Investments
					

Government debt and agency bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, emerging markets debt, non-U.S., municipals and high-yield.					





			            Maturity
			        

The bond maturities that the fund targets will vary depending on the current strategy being implemented.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest no more than 50% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies. The fund may invest up to 10% of its assets in equity securities and certain securities with a combination of debt and equity characteristics. The fund may invest up to 50% of its assets in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The fund may invest up to 40% of its assets in securities of emerging market issuers.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							03/18/2016

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$435.5

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							100+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							12,766

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							539%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							02631E 10 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							30112












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ANBAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ANBAX





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ANBAX through 07/26/2017.
            

 ANBAX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

0.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

0.70%					

2.36%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David A. Hoag

29
26
1



Damien J. McCann

17
17
1



Ritchie Tuazon

17
6
1



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (--)


						--
				


3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


--




Overall Morningstar Risk 


--





Category 

					Multisector Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
						-- 
						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated














Expense Within Category  Funds Rated














Preservation Within Category Funds Rated














Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated














Total Return Within Category Funds Rated
















Category
Multi-Sector Income Fds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST









Risk Measures

For the 3 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

                                -- 
                        


Sharpe Ratio 

                                -- 
                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

                                -- 
                        


Beta 

                                -- 
                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
--/--










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
36.6%


AAA/Aaa
0.6%


AA/Aa
6.1%


A
17.3%


BBB/Baa
21.4%


BB/Ba
6.0%


B
2.6%


CCC & Below
1.1%


Unrated
1.3%


Cash & equivalents
7.0%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
14.5%


5-9.9 Years
61.2%


10-19.9 Years
4.1%


20-29.9 Years
12.0%


30+ Years
1.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
45.3%


Financials
8.1%


Health Care
7.3%


Energy
6.9%


Consumer discretionary
4.3%


Utilities
3.9%


Information technology
3.6%


Industrials
3.5%


Consumer staples
3.2%


Materials
2.9%


Telecommunication services
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
36.6%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
9.7%







Municipal securities
1.1%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

36.7%



Japan

5.3%



India Government

2.6%



Broadcom

1.6%



Shire

1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
69.50%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
10.30%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
6.00%


Cash & equivalents
7.00%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

10.7%
			


Japanese yen
5.4%


Euros
1.7%


Other currencies
3.6%


U.S. Dollar
89.3%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
69.5%


Japan
5.7%


United Kingdom
3.3%


Canada
2.8%


India
2.6%


Australia
2.0%


Brazil
1.3%


Switzerland
1.1%


Kuwait
0.8%


Portugal
0.8%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.12


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.28






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.04


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.04




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.57%


Other Expenses
0.16%


Service 12b-1
0.30%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio




Gross
Net


Fund
	

1.03%
1.01%


Lipper 		 Multi-Sector Income
 Funds Average
	



					1.06%
				








Resources






			Literature for ANBAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
04/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16




Annual Report
(PDF) 
02/17




Q&A
(PDF) 
06/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, March 18, 2016) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (2016), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Multi-Sector Income Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ANBAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.









































































































































All Funds | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER









































































































































American Funds


































































































Capital World Bond Fund - CWBFX | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ Capital World Bond Fund                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


Capital World Bond Fund®  (CWBFX)
VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





Bridging global markets.						  
Invests primarily in sovereign and corporate bonds in both developed and developing markets. Provides exposure to currency movements and access to higher yields outside the United States, which can add an extra layer of bond diversification.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$20.01					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$11,987.2
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

4					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.95%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



-0.25%
1-year return

        


1.09%
5-year return

        


3.47%
10-year return

        



1.94%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-4.00%
1-year return

        


0.33%
5-year return

        


3.07%
10-year return

        



1.94%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds29.0%

Non-U.S. Bonds61.8%



Cash & Equivalents9.2%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 CWBFX
 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for CWBFX through 07/26/2017.
            

 CWBFX




 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.2 years
Average Life 


6.2 years
Average Duration 


2.8%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


3.2%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Extensive Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide, over the long term, a high level of total return consistent with prudent investment management. Total return comprises the income generated by the fund and the changes in the market value of the fund's investments.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A broadly diversified fund that invests in bonds denominated in various currencies, including U.S. dollars. Issuers include governments and corporations in both developed and developing countries.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily government/agency, corporate and mortgage- and asset-backed bonds.					





			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/04/1987

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$11,987.2

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							400+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							538,230

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							19%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							140541 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							31












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 CWBFX
 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index 










Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 CWBFX
 Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.65%					

1.94%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Mark A. Brett

38
24
4



David A. Daigle

23
23
2



Thomas H. Høgh

30
27
21



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (298)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(298 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(253 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(126 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					World Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


6.68                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.47                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
                        

                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

89                        

48                        


Beta 

1.08                        

1.42                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
104/101
200/121










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
14.5%


AAA/Aaa
9.3%


AA/Aa
6.9%


A
29.1%


BBB/Baa
19.4%


BB/Ba
6.8%


B
2.9%


CCC & Below
0.3%


Unrated
1.6%


Cash & equivalents
9.2%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
33.3%


5-9.9 Years
41.3%


10-19.9 Years
4.8%


20-29.9 Years
11.2%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Non-U.S. government/agency securities
51.2%







Corporate bonds & notes
+
22.7%


Financials
5.3%


Energy
3.6%


Health Care
3.1%


Utilities
2.7%


Consumer discretionary
2.1%


Consumer staples
1.4%


Information technology
1.1%


Materials
1%


Telecommunication services
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.8%


Industrials
0.7%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
14.5%







Mortgage-backed obligations
1.9%







Municipal securities
0.3%







Other bonds & notes
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

14.4%



Japan

9.8%



Republic of Poland

4.2%



United Mexican States

3.4%



German Government

3.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
29.00%


Europe
28.70%


Asia & Pacific Basin
18.90%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
14.20%


Cash & equivalents
9.20%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

54.0%
			


Japanese yen
13.7%


Euros
12.8%


Polish zloty
4.2%


Mexican peso
3.3%


British pounds
2.5%


Malaysian ringgit
2.0%


Australian dollars
1.7%


Danish kroner
0.9%


Israeli shekels
0.5%


Swedish kronor
0.2%


Other currencies
12.2%


U.S. Dollar
46.0%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
29.0%


Japan
10.3%


Poland
4.2%


Germany
4.1%


Mexico
4.1%


United Kingdom
3.9%


Portugal
2.9%


India
2.3%


Brazil
2.2%


Italy
2.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.09
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$19.18


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.09
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$19.80






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.18


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.18




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.44%


Other Expenses
0.27%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.95%


Lipper 		 Global Income
 Funds Average
	


1.03%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for CWBFX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
11/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
05/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 




Quarterly Statistical Update for the American Funds 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 Capital World Bond Fund (CWBFX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index     
Lipper Global Income Funds Index     
Citigroup World Government Bond Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, August 04, 1987) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1987), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 Capital World Bond Fund (CWBFX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for CWBFX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.









































































































































Investments | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 













































































































































Capital World Bond Fund - BFWFX | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ Capital World Bond Fund                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


Capital World Bond Fund®  (BFWFX)
VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES

























Purchase Restrictions: Class F-2 shares are available through certain registered investment advisor and fee-based programs, but are not available for purchase in most employer-sponsored retirement plans. See the prospectus for details.
        





Summary
		





Bridging global markets.						  
Invests primarily in sovereign and corporate bonds in both developed and developing markets. Provides exposure to currency movements and access to higher yields outside the United States, which can add an extra layer of bond diversification.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$19.98					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$11,987.2
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

4					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.65%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



0.01%
1-year return

        


1.39%
5-year return

        


3.74%
10-year return

        



2.09%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at NAV)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



N/A
1-year return
        


N/A
5-year return
        


N/A
10-year return
        



2.09%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at NAV)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds29.0%

Non-U.S. Bonds61.8%



Cash & Equivalents9.2%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures

F-2 Share data is not available
							; please click here for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.
					



For Class F-2 Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for BFWFX through 07/26/2017.
            

 BFWFX




 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.2 years
Average Life 


6.2 years
Average Duration 


2.8%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


3.2%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Extensive Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide, over the long term, a high level of total return consistent with prudent investment management. Total return comprises the income generated by the fund and the changes in the market value of the fund's investments.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A broadly diversified fund that invests in bonds denominated in various currencies, including U.S. dollars. Issuers include governments and corporations in both developed and developing countries.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily government/agency, corporate and mortgage- and asset-backed bonds.					





			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/04/1987

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$11,987.2

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							400+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							395,627

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							19%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							140541 82 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							631












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 BFWFX
 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index 










Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures




				F-2 Share data is not available; please click here for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.
			

 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.98%					

2.09%					


Fund at MOP

							N/A   
					

							N/A   
					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Mark A. Brett

38
24
4



David A. Daigle

23
23
2



Thomas H. Høgh

30
27
21



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (298)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(298 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(253 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(126 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					World Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


6.67                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.51                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
                        

                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

89                        

48                        


Beta 

1.08                        

1.41                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
103/102
196/124










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
14.5%


AAA/Aaa
9.3%


AA/Aa
6.9%


A
29.1%


BBB/Baa
19.4%


BB/Ba
6.8%


B
2.9%


CCC & Below
0.3%


Unrated
1.6%


Cash & equivalents
9.2%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
33.3%


5-9.9 Years
41.3%


10-19.9 Years
4.8%


20-29.9 Years
11.2%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Non-U.S. government/agency securities
51.2%







Corporate bonds & notes
+
22.7%


Financials
5.3%


Energy
3.6%


Health Care
3.1%


Utilities
2.7%


Consumer discretionary
2.1%


Consumer staples
1.4%


Information technology
1.1%


Materials
1%


Telecommunication services
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.8%


Industrials
0.7%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
14.5%







Mortgage-backed obligations
1.9%







Municipal securities
0.3%







Other bonds & notes
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

14.4%



Japan

9.8%



Republic of Poland

4.2%



United Mexican States

3.4%



German Government

3.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
29.00%


Europe
28.70%


Asia & Pacific Basin
18.90%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
14.20%


Cash & equivalents
9.20%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

54.0%
			


Japanese yen
13.7%


Euros
12.8%


Polish zloty
4.2%


Mexican peso
3.3%


British pounds
2.5%


Malaysian ringgit
2.0%


Australian dollars
1.7%


Danish kroner
0.9%


Israeli shekels
0.5%


Swedish kronor
0.2%


Other currencies
12.2%


U.S. Dollar
46.0%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
29.0%


Japan
10.3%


Poland
4.2%


Germany
4.1%


Mexico
4.1%


United Kingdom
3.9%


Portugal
2.9%


India
2.3%


Brazil
2.2%


Italy
2.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.1051
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$19.14


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.096
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$19.76






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.2011


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.2011




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.44%


Other Expenses
0.21%


Service 12b-1
--


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.65%


Lipper 		 Global Income
 Funds Average
	


0.82%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for BFWFX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
11/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
05/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class F-2 only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on institutional load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
Class F-2 shares were first offered on August 1, 2008. Class F-2 share results prior to the date of first sale are hypothetical based on Class A share results without a sales charge, adjusted for typical estimated expenses. View dates of first sale and specific expense adjustment information.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×







F-2 Share data is not available; please click here  for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.





Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class F2 Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, August 04, 1987) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1987), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 Capital World Bond Fund (BFWFX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Class F-2 shares were first offered on August 1, 2008. Class F-2 share results prior to the date of first sale are hypothetical based on Class A share results without a sales charge, adjusted for typical estimated expenses. View dates of first sale and specific expense adjustment information.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for BFWFX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.









































































































































Investments | American Funds





























American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

































Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 









































































































































Capital World Bond Fund - CCWAX | American Funds



















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES





Close x



























Individual Investors


Financial Advisors




Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




Institutions & Consultants
From Capital Group



Capital Group sites




Institutions & Consultants

Asia (ex. Japan)
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
Europe
Japan
United States

Private Markets

Emerging Markets Private Equity





Financial Advisors & Intermediaries

Asia (ex. Japan)
Australia & New Zealand 
Canada
Europe
Japan
United States





Individual Investors

Canada
Europe
Hong Kong
Japan
Singapore
United States

Private Clients

United States(Private Client Services)






American Funds sites












Corporate Information & Online Publication

Capital Group Worldwide
Capital Ideas℠


















INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS




American Funds

Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants



Capital Group

Institutions & Consultants
Asia (ex. Japan)

Australia & New Zealand

Canada

Europe

Japan

United States

Private Markets
Emerging Markets Private Equity

Financial Advisors & Intermediaries
Asia (ex. Japan)

Australia & New Zealand 

Canada

Europe

Japan

United States

Individual Investors
Canada

Europe

Hong Kong

Japan

Singapore

United States

Private Clients
United States
(Private Client Services)

Corporate Information & Online Publication
Capital Group Worldwide

Capital Ideas℠








Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?

More help






























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT

























Investments


/ Capital World Bond Fund                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


Capital World Bond Fund®  (CCWAX)
VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
B
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-B
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
				






Bridging global markets.						  
Invests primarily in sovereign and corporate bonds in both developed and developing markets. Provides exposure to currency movements and access to higher yields outside the United States, which can add an extra layer of bond diversification.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$19.45					
as of 04/11/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$12,232.1
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

4					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	
 



									Returns With Sales Charge 
						
	
 






Read important investment disclosures



-0.73%
1-year return

        


0.59%
5-year return

        


3.14%
10-year return

        



1.90%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
		 
	




			Returns as of 3/31/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 3/31/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-4.47%
1-year return

        


-0.18%
5-year return

        


2.74%
10-year return

        



1.90%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund With Sales Charge)
	




			Returns as of 3/31/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 3/31/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.1%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds34.0%

Non-U.S. Bonds61.9%



Cash & Equivalents4.0%





As of 2/28/2017 (updated monthly).














Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures

529-A Share data is not available
							; please click here for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.
					



For Class 529-A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for CCWAX through 04/11/2017.
            

 CCWAX




 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.3 years
Average Life 


6.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


3.6%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Extensive Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 12/31/16 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Fund Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide, over the long term, a high level of total return consistent with prudent investment management. Total return comprises the income generated by the fund and the changes in the market value of the fund's investments.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A broadly diversified fund that invests in bonds denominated in various currencies, including U.S. dollars. Issuers include governments and corporations in both developed and developing countries.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily government/agency, corporate and mortgage- and asset-backed bonds.					





			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/04/1987

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 3/31/2017 (updated monthly).

							$12,232.1

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							400+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 2/28/2017 (updated monthly).

							59,648

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Oct, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							19%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							03/01/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							140541 50 9

						Fund Number
						
					
							1031












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS








Month-End Returns as of 3/31/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 3/31/17




Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
With Sales Charge			



Read important investment disclosures




 CCWAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index 










Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures




				529-A Share data is not available; please click here for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.
			

 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.62%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.56%					

1.90%					




As of 03/31/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Mark A. Brett

38
23
4



David A. Daigle

23
23
2



Thomas H. Høgh

30
26
21



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (312)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(312 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(247 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(128 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					World Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
3/31/2017						(updated monthly).








Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 3/31/17 (updated monthly).  R-squared, Beta and Capture Ratio calculated using the BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD.


Fund

Standard Deviation 

6.67			


Sharpe Ratio 

0.41			


R-squared 

48			


Beta 

1.40			


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
198/121










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
16.9%


AAA/Aaa
10.2%


AA/Aa
5.2%


A
31.9%


BBB/Baa
21.3%


BB/Ba
3.7%


B
3.3%


CCC & Below
0.6%


Unrated
2.6%


Cash & equivalents
4.2%


% of net assets as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
39.9%


5-9.9 Years
40.1%


10-19.9 Years
4.7%


20-29.9 Years
10.7%


30+ Years
0.3%


% of net assets as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Non-U.S. government/agency securities
48.7%







Corporate bonds & notes
+
24.4%


Financials
6.4%


Health Care
3.9%


Energy
3.8%


Consumer discretionary
2.1%


Telecommunication services
1.8%


Utilities
1.8%


Consumer staples
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.2%


Materials
1%


Industrials
0.8%


Information technology
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
16.6%







Mortgage-backed obligations
5.4%







Municipal securities
0.3%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

16.7%



Japan

8.3%



Hungary Government

5.3%



Republic of Poland

4.5%



United Mexican States

4.5%

% of net assets as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS













Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
33.00%


Europe
32.30%


Asia & Pacific Basin
16.60%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
13.90%


Cash & equivalents
4.20%



            % of net assets as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

51.9%
			


Japanese yen
14.5%


Euros
9.0%


Mexican peso
4.4%


Polish zloty
4.1%


British pounds
3.8%


Malaysian ringgit
2.4%


Danish kroner
2.3%


Swedish kronor
1.2%


Israeli shekels
0.1%


Other currencies
10.1%


U.S. Dollar
48.1%


				Data as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
33.1%


Japan
8.4%


Hungary
5.4%


Mexico
5.1%


Poland
4.5%


United Kingdom
4.2%


Germany
3.2%


Malaysia
2.6%


Denmark
2.4%


Italy
2.2%

% of net assets as of 12/31/2016 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.087
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$19.24






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.087


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.087




				 as of 4/11/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
03/20/2017


0.00000000
03/21/2017


0.00000000
03/22/2017


0.00000000
03/23/2017


0.00000000
03/24/2017


0.00000000
03/27/2017


0.00000000
03/28/2017


0.00000000
03/29/2017


0.00000000
03/30/2017


0.00000000
03/31/2017


0.00000000
04/03/2017


0.00000000
04/04/2017


0.00000000
04/05/2017


0.00000000
04/06/2017


0.00000000
04/07/2017


0.00000000
04/10/2017


0.00000000
04/11/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
03/20/2017


0.00000000
03/21/2017


0.00000000
03/22/2017


0.00000000
03/23/2017


0.00000000
03/24/2017


0.00000000
03/27/2017


0.00000000
03/28/2017


0.00000000
03/29/2017


0.00000000
03/30/2017


0.00000000
03/31/2017


0.00000000
04/03/2017


0.00000000
04/04/2017


0.00000000
04/05/2017


0.00000000
04/06/2017


0.00000000
04/07/2017


0.00000000
04/10/2017


0.00000000
04/11/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.44%


Other Expenses
0.36%


Service 12b-1
0.23%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

1.03%


Lipper 		 Global Income
 Funds Average
	


1.02%			








Resources






			Prospectuses & Reports for CCWAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
02/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
11/16




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
05/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
03/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing Details 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class 529-A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses, summary prospectuses and CollegeAmerica Program Description, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. CollegeAmerica is distributed by American Funds Distributors, Inc. and sold through unaffiliated intermediaries.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2015, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Depending on your state of residence, there may be an in-state plan that offers tax and other benefits not available through CollegeAmerica. Before investing in any state's 529 plan, investors should consult a tax advisor. CollegeAmerica is sponsored by Virginia529℠. 
If withdrawals from 529 plans are used for purposes other than higher education, the earnings will be subject to a 10% federal tax penalty in addition to federal and, if applicable, state income tax.
There may have been periods when the fund has lagged the index or indexes. Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are actively managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
U.S. Treasuries/Agencies are guaranteed or sponsored by the U.S. government.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 03/01/2017.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class 529-A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2016, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 12/31/2016.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
Class 529-A shares were first offered on February 15, 2002. Class 529-A share results prior to the date of first sale are hypothetical based on Class A share results without a sales charge, adjusted for estimated additional annual expenses. View dates of first sale and specific expense adjustment information.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture). Calculated by Morningstar.
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture). Calculated by Morningstar.
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Sharpe Ratio: Sharpe ratios use standard deviation and excess return to determine reward per unit of risk. The higher the number, the better the portfolio's historical risk-adjusted performance. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×







529-A Share data is not available





Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class 529A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, August 04, 1987) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1987), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 Capital World Bond Fund (CCWAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class 529-A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses, summary prospectuses and CollegeAmerica Program Description, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. CollegeAmerica is distributed by American Funds Distributors, Inc. and sold through unaffiliated intermediaries.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Depending on your state of residence, there may be an in-state plan that offers tax and other benefits not available through CollegeAmerica. Before investing in any state's 529 plan, investors should consult a tax advisor. CollegeAmerica is sponsored by Virginia529℠. 
If withdrawals from 529 plans are used for purposes other than higher education, the earnings will be subject to a 10% federal tax penalty in addition to federal and, if applicable, state income tax.
There may have been periods when the fund has lagged the index or indexes. Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2016, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Class 529-A shares were first offered on February 15, 2002. Class 529-A share results prior to the date of first sale are hypothetical based on Class A share results without a sales charge, adjusted for estimated additional annual expenses. View dates of first sale and specific expense adjustment information.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index






				Standard Deviation as of 03/31/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 03/31/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for CCWAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.











































































































































Investments | American Funds



















American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES





Close x



























Individual Investors


Financial Advisors




Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




Institutions & Consultants
From Capital Group



Capital Group sites




Institutions & Consultants

Asia (ex. Japan)
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
Europe
Japan
United States

Private Markets

Emerging Markets Private Equity





Financial Advisors & Intermediaries

Asia (ex. Japan)
Australia & New Zealand 
Canada
Europe
Japan
United States





Individual Investors

Canada
Europe
Hong Kong
Japan
Singapore
United States

Private Clients

United States(Private Client Services)






American Funds sites












Corporate Information & Online Publication

Capital Group Worldwide
Capital Ideas℠


















INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS




American Funds

Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants



Capital Group

Institutions & Consultants
Asia (ex. Japan)

Australia & New Zealand

Canada

Europe

Japan

United States

Private Markets
Emerging Markets Private Equity

Financial Advisors & Intermediaries
Asia (ex. Japan)

Australia & New Zealand 

Canada

Europe

Japan

United States

Individual Investors
Canada

Europe

Hong Kong

Japan

Singapore

United States

Private Clients
United States
(Private Client Services)

Corporate Information & Online Publication
Capital Group Worldwide

Capital Ideas℠








Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?

More help






























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT






















Investments



















Our investments are designed to provide consistent results, value and diversification.


















Mutual Funds

Insurance Funds




MORE INVESTING INSIGHTS






Mutual Funds


														 Fund Objectives
	
Asset Type 
 
Volatility & Return
All Funds
A Shares Only



											Learn about the different types of mutual funds.





Growth
7 Funds 

Growth
Long-term growth of capital


AMCAP Fund®							


EuroPacific Growth Fund®							


The Growth Fund of America®							


The New Economy Fund®							


New Perspective Fund®							




All 7 Growth
					Funds
				





Growth & Income
7 Funds 

Growth & Income
Balance current income and growth


American Funds Developing World Growth and Income FundSM



American Mutual Fund®							


Capital World Growth and Income Fund®							


Fundamental Investors®							


International Growth and Income FundSM





All 7 Growth & Income
					Funds
				





Equity-Income
2 Funds 

Equity-Income
Striving for rising income


Capital Income Builder®							


The Income Fund of America®							




All 2 Equity-Income
					Funds
				





Balanced
2 Funds 

Balanced
A traditional balanced approach


American Balanced Fund®							


American Funds Global Balanced FundSM





All 2 Balanced
					Funds
				





Bond
11 Funds 

Bond
Building income with relative stability


American Funds Corporate Bond FundSM



American Funds Emerging Markets Bond FundSM



American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund®							


American Funds Mortgage Fund®							


American Funds Strategic Bond FundSM





All 11 Bond
					Funds
				





Tax-Exempt Bond
6 Funds 

Tax-Exempt Bond
Tax-exempt income with relative stability


American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®							


American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®							


American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®							


Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							


The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®							




All 6 Tax-Exempt Bond
					Funds
				





Money Market
1 Fund 

Money Market
Earn income while preserving income


American Funds U.S. Government Money Market FundSM





All 1 Money Market 
					Fund
				





Portfolio Series
8 Funds 

Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds


American Funds Global Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth PortfolioSM



American Funds Growth and Income PortfolioSM



American Funds Balanced PortfolioSM



American Funds Income PortfolioSM





All 8 Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





Retirement Income Portfolio Series
3 Funds 

Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Invests in a combination of American Funds for retirement income


American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - EnhancedSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ModerateSM



American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio - ConservativeSM





All 3 Retirement Income Portfolio Series
					Funds
				





College Target Date
7 Funds 

College Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


American Funds College 2033 FundSM



American Funds College 2030 Fund®							


American Funds College 2027 Fund®							


American Funds College 2024 Fund®							


American Funds College 2021 Fund®							




All 7 College Target Date
					Funds
				





Retirement Target Date
11 Funds 

Retirement Target Date
Timely growth, preservation and income


2060 ®							


2045 ®							


2030 ®							


2015 ®							


2055 ®							


2040 ®							


2025 ®							


2010 ®							


2050 ®							


2035 ®							


2020 ®							




All 11 Retirement Target Date
					Funds
				



 






Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
You could lose money by investing in American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not a bank deposit and is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other governmental agency, entity or person. The fund’s sponsor has no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will do so at any time.
  
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. American Funds Strategic Bond Fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Fund shares of U.S. Government Securities Fund are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries. Diversification does not eliminate the risks of investing; losses are possible in diversified portfolios. Small-company stocks entail additional risks, and they can fluctuate in price more than larger company stocks.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. The value of fixed income securities may be affected by changing interest rates and changes in credit ratings of the securities. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds. Investments in mortgage-related securities involve additional risks, such as prepayment risk, as more fully described in the prospectus. While not directly correlated to changes in interest rates, the values of inflation-linked bonds generally fluctuate in response to changes in real interest rates and may experience greater losses than other debt securities with similar durations.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund or underlying fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus. Investment allocations for funds of funds may not achieve fund objectives. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds' risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds, as described herein. Each target date fund is composed of a mix of the American Funds and is subject to the risks and returns of the underlying funds. Underlying funds may be added or removed during the year. Although the target date funds are managed for investors on a projected retirement date time frame, the funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' retirement goals will be met. The target date is the year in which an investor is assumed to retire and begin taking withdrawals. American Funds investment professionals actively manage the target date fund's portfolio, moving it from a more growth-oriented strategy to a more income-oriented focus as the fund gets closer to its target date. Investment professionals continue to manage each fund for 30 years after it reaches its target date. The target allocations are as of January 1, 2017, and are subject to the Portfolio Oversight Committee's discretion. The funds’ investment adviser anticipates that the funds will invest their assets within a range that deviates no more than 10% above or below these allocations. Investment professionals gradually adjust the portfolio over time so that it becomes more preservation-oriented. The funds' allocation strategy does not guarantee that investors' education savings goals will be met. The target date is the year in which the beneficiary is expected to begin taking withdrawals. Investors and their advisors should periodically evaluate their investment to determine whether it continues to meet their needs. The Retirement Income Portfolio Series' investment allocations may not achieve fund objectives, and adequate income through retirement is not guaranteed. There are expenses associated with the underlying funds in addition to fund-of-funds expenses. The funds’ risks are directly related to the risks of the underlying funds. Payments consisting of return of capital will result in a decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Higher rates of withdrawal and withdrawals during declining markets may result in a more rapid decrease in an investor’s fund share balance. Persistent returns of capital could ultimately result in a zero account balance.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes . Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Visit the SEC website for the American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund’s most recent filings.
American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund Class A is the only share class in the American Funds offering check-writing privileges. It is also the only share class that can be exchanged into certain other share classes of other American Funds.












Our funds cover a full spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types. Note: the funds in the American Funds Portfolio Series℠, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio Series℠, American Funds College Target Date Series℠, and American Funds Target Date Retirement Series® are not included above.



VIEW ALL FUNDS


Returns


Daily Prices & Yields


Symbols & Fund Numbers


RESOURCES


Find Historical Prices


Find Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Prospectuses & Reports


Market Indices









American Funds Insurance Series®
American Funds Insurance Series funds are available to retirement investors through products offered by many of the nation's insurance leaders.
Read more… 









Resources
Differentiating the Funds in American Funds Insurance Series (Brochure)
AFIS Annual Report (PDF): AFIS Annual Report | AFIS Average Annual Total Returns
 
 





















































































































































Capital World Bond Fund - RCWGX | American Funds



































Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INSTITUTIONS & CONSULTANTS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences


Log In

Log Out


























Search




















 
ACCOUNTS




 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









INVESTMENT STRATEGIES





by Objective


by Asset Type


by Vehicle


All Strategies











MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





View All American Funds - Returns


Compare Funds


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs 


Download Fund Data











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Fund Holdings Search


Fund Literature











OTHER RESOURCES





Quarterly Attribution & Commentary























 
CLIENT SOLUTIONS






										CLIENT SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CLIENTS AND CONSULTANTS





Defined Contribution Plan Sponsors 


Public Pensions


Insurance Companies










 





Corporate Pensions


Nonprofits


Consultant Relationships










SOLUTIONS





American Funds Target Date Retirement Series®


Liability-Driven Investing


American Funds Insurance Series®





















 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Market Commentary


Investment Insights


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





Dividends


Emerging Markets


Global Investing


Long Duration










 





Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date










FEATURED













Five Ways President-Elect Donald Trump Could Move Markets
								












READ










World Markets Review for Second Quarter 2017
								












READ












 
EVENTS






										EVENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









Upcoming Events


Past Events


Featured Events


















 
ABOUT US





























ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


CLIENT SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


EVENTS


ABOUT US

































Investments


/ Capital World Bond Fund                                                ®


















Total Return Fixed Income


Capital World Bond Fund ®
								(RCWGX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Vehicle: Mutual Fund Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












OVERVIEW
RETURNS
PORTFOLIO COMPOSITION
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES

























Purchase Restrictions: Class R-6 shares are available in certain employer-sponsored retirement plans. See the prospectus for details.
        





Overview
		





Bridging global markets.						  
Invests primarily in sovereign and corporate bonds in both developed and developing markets. Provides exposure to currency movements and access to higher yields outside the United States, which can add an extra layer of bond diversification.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$20.01					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$11,987.2
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

4					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.53%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.18%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


3.85%
10-year return

        



2.41%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at NAV)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



N/A
1-year return
        


N/A
5-year return
        


N/A
10-year return
        



2.41%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at NAV)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds29.0%

Non-U.S. Bonds61.8%



Cash & Equivalents9.2%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures




				R-6 Share data is not available; please click here for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.
			

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.2 years
Average Life 


6.2 years
Average Duration 


2.8%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


3.2%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Extensive Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide, over the long term, a high level of total return consistent with prudent investment management. Total return comprises the income generated by the fund and the changes in the market value of the fund's investments.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A broadly diversified fund that invests in bonds denominated in various currencies, including U.S. dollars. Issuers include governments and corporations in both developed and developing countries.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily government/agency, corporate and mortgage- and asset-backed bonds.					





			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest up to 25% of assets in bonds rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/04/1987

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$11,987.2

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							400+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							894

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$0

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							19%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							140541 81 4

						Fund Number
						
					
							2631












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 RCWGX
 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures

R-6 Share data is not available
							; please click here for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.
					



For Class R-6 Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for RCWGX through 07/26/2017.
            

 RCWGX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

2.14%					

2.41%					


Fund at MOP

							N/A   
					

							N/A   
					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Mark A. Brett

38
24
4



David A. Daigle

23
23
2



Thomas H. Høgh

30
27
21



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
17



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Portfolio Composition




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (298)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(298 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(253 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(126 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					World Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(191)



(191)



(166)






Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(331)



(331)



(236)






Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)






Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(193)



(193)



(167)






Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(193)



(193)



(167)








Category
Global Income Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 





Fund


Standard Deviation 


6.67                        


Sharpe Ratio 


0.52                        









                            American Funds Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated quarterly)


                            Morningstar  Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17  (updated monthly)




                            Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
                        

                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

89                        

48                        


Beta 

1.08                        

1.41                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
102/102
195/124










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
14.5%


AAA/Aaa
9.3%


AA/Aa
6.9%


A
29.1%


BBB/Baa
19.4%


BB/Ba
6.8%


B
2.9%


CCC & Below
0.3%


Unrated
1.6%


Cash & equivalents
9.2%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
33.3%


5-9.9 Years
41.3%


10-19.9 Years
4.8%


20-29.9 Years
11.2%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Non-U.S. government/agency securities
51.2%







Corporate bonds & notes
+
22.7%


Financials
5.3%


Energy
3.6%


Health Care
3.1%


Utilities
2.7%


Consumer discretionary
2.1%


Consumer staples
1.4%


Information technology
1.1%


Materials
1%


Telecommunication services
0.9%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.8%


Industrials
0.7%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
14.5%







Mortgage-backed obligations
1.9%







Municipal securities
0.3%







Other bonds & notes
0.1%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

14.4%



Japan

9.8%



Republic of Poland

4.2%



United Mexican States

3.4%



German Government

3.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
29.00%


Europe
28.70%


Asia & Pacific Basin
18.90%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
14.20%


Cash & equivalents
9.20%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

54.0%
			


Japanese yen
13.7%


Euros
12.8%


Polish zloty
4.2%


Mexican peso
3.3%


British pounds
2.5%


Malaysian ringgit
2.0%


Australian dollars
1.7%


Danish kroner
0.9%


Israeli shekels
0.5%


Swedish kronor
0.2%


Other currencies
12.2%


U.S. Dollar
46.0%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
29.0%


Japan
10.3%


Poland
4.2%


Germany
4.1%


Mexico
4.1%


United Kingdom
3.9%


Portugal
2.9%


India
2.3%


Brazil
2.2%


Italy
2.2%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.1112
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$19.18


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.1099
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$19.79






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.2211


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.2211




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.44%


Other Expenses
0.09%


Service 12b-1
--


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.53%


Lipper 		 Global Income
 Funds Average
	


					--%   
			








Resources






			Literature
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
05/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            Learn More
        





View All Insights 





View All Events 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses or the collective investment trust's Characteristics statement, which can be obtained from a financial professional, Capital or your relationship manager, and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
We offer a range of share classes designed to meet the needs of retirement plan sponsors and participants. The different share classes incorporate varying levels of advisor compensation and service provider payments. Because Class R-6 shares do not include any recordkeeping payments, expenses are lower and results are higher. Other share classes that include recordkeeping costs have higher expenses and lower results than Class R-6.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class R-6 only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Comparable industry expense information is not available for the fund.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
Class R-6 shares were first offered on May 1, 2009. Class R-6 share results prior to the date of first sale are hypothetical based on Class A share results without a sales charge, adjusted for typical estimated expenses. View dates of first sale and specific expense adjustment information.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×







R-6 Share data is not available; please click here  for a chart based on an investment in Class A shares.





Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class R6 Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, August 04, 1987) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1987), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 Capital World Bond Fund (RCWGX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses or the collective investment trust's Characteristics statement, which can be obtained from a financial professional, Capital or your relationship manager, and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
We offer a range of share classes designed to meet the needs of retirement plan sponsors and participants. The different share classes incorporate varying levels of advisor compensation and service provider payments. Because Class R-6 shares do not include any recordkeeping payments, expenses are lower and results are higher. Other share classes that include recordkeeping costs have higher expenses and lower results than Class R-6.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Class R-6 shares were first offered on May 1, 2009. Class R-6 share results prior to the date of first sale are hypothetical based on Class A share results without a sales charge, adjusted for typical estimated expenses. View dates of first sale and specific expense adjustment information.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate: Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index represents the global investment-grade fixed-income markets.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index
Lipper Global Income Funds Index
Citigroup World Government Bond Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for RCWGX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.







































































Compliance - BlackRock























Skip Masthead




BlackRock




iShares




  iShares



iShares Hong Kong


Other iShares Sites





Institutions




Our Firm




  Our Firm



About Us


Newsroom


Investor Relations


Public Policy


Careers





 Hong Kong
 



  Hong Kong


 Australia
 

 België
 

 Brasil
 

 Canada
 

 Chile
 

 China - 中国
 

 Colombia
 

 Danmark
 

 Deutschland
 

 Dubai (IFC)
 

 España
 

 France
 

 Hong Kong - 香港
 

 India
 

 Ísland
 

 Israel
 

 Italia
 

 Japan - 日本
 



 Korea - 한국
 

 Latin America & Iberia
 

 Magyarország
 

 México
 

 Nederland
 

 Norge
 

 Õsterreich
 

 Polska
 

 Portugal
 

 Singapore
 

 South Africa
 

 Suomi
 

 Sverige
 

 Schweiz
 

 Taiwan - 台灣
 

 United Kingdom
 

 United States
 

 Location Not Listed?
 






中文 
|

EN 




Meet your goals


Toggle navigation
 


Toggle search
 



 
Sign In  



Toggle user dropdown
 




Search Form
Search input field


Search






































You are entering the Individual Investors site
Terms and Conditions

READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("TERMS") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES DESCRIBED HEREIN. BY UTILIZING THE WEBSITE LOCATED AT www.blackrock.com/hk ("WEBSITE"), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE TERMS AND THAT YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT AN AUTHORIZED USER OF THESE SERVICES AND YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS WEBSITE.
THIS WEBSITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR AND SHOULD NOT BE ACCESSED BY PERSONS LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE (BY REASON OF THAT PERSON'S NATIONALITY, DOMICILE, RESIDENCE OR OTHERWISE) THE PUBLICATION OR AVAILABILITY OF THIS WEBSITE IS PROHIBITED OR CONTRARY TO LOCAL LAW OR REGULATION OR WOULD SUBJECT ANY BLACKROCK ENTITY TO ANY REGISTRATION OR LICENSING REQUIREMENTS IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS.  IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO BE AWARE OF, TO OBTAIN ALL RELEVANT REGULATORY APPROVALS, LICENCES, VERIFICATIONS AND/OR REGISTRATIONS UNDER, AND TO OBSERVE ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF ANY RELEVANT JURISDICTION IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR ENTRANCE TO THIS WEBSITE.
BLACKROCK RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR REMOVE PORTIONS OF THESE TERMS AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON. WE SUGGEST THAT YOU REVIEW THESE TERMS PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES. SUCH CHANGES SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE AFTER WE HAVE POSTED CHANGES TO THESE TERMS, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE TERMS AS MODIFIED.
Disclaimer
This Website is owned by BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, which is licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC") in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of  China ("Hong Kong") pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) (CE no: AFF275).  This Website  is managed by various companies within the BlackRock Group.  BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, together with other BlackRock Group companies, shall collectively hereinafter be referred to as "BlackRock".
Nothing contained on this Website constitutes tax, accounting, regulatory, legal, insurance or investment advice. Neither the information, nor any opinion, contained on this Website constitutes a promotion, recommendation, solicitation or offer by BlackRock or its affiliates to buy or sell any securities, collective investment schemes, futures, options or other financial instruments or services, nor shall any such security. collective investment scheme, futures, options or other financial instruments or services be offered or sold to any person in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Decisions based on information contained on this Website are the sole responsibility of the visitor. In exchange for using this Website, the visitor agrees to indemnify and hold BlackRock, its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, agents, licensors and suppliers harmless against any and all claims, losses, liability, costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorneys' fees) arising from your use of this Website, from your violation of these Terms or from any decisions that the visitor makes based on such information.
The investments and strategies discussed in the Website may not be suitable for all investors and are not obligations of BlackRock or its affiliates or guaranteed by BlackRock or its affiliates. BlackRock makes no representations that the contents are appropriate for use in all locations, or that the transactions, securities, products, instruments, or services discussed on this site are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or countries, or by all investors or counterparties. By making available information on the Website, BlackRock does not represent that any investment vehicle is available or suitable for any particular user. All persons and entities accessing the Website do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations. 
The funds referred to in this Website are authorized by the SFC for sale to the public in Hong Kong (the “Funds”). SFC authorization is not a recommendation or endorsement of a scheme nor does it guarantee the commercial merits or performances of the scheme. It does not mean that the scheme is suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability for any particular investor or class of investors. The material contained in this Website has not been reviewed by the SFC or any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.
Investment involves risk and may lose value. If you are considering making an investment, you are advised to obtain your own independent professional advice and to carefully consider all relevant risk factors. The price of units or shares and the income from them in relation to any investment may go down as well as up and any past performance is not indicative of future performance. BlackRock does not guarantee the performance of the Funds.
An investment in the Funds often involves investing in international markets. In addition to the normal risks associated with investing, international investments involve the risk of losing all or part of any capital from unfavourable fluctuations in currency values, from differences in generally accepted accounting principles or from economic or political instability in other nations. An investment in emerging markets also involves heightened other risks such as increased volatility and the possibility of lower trading volume.
When making an investment in the Funds which are listed on one or more stock exchanges, the price of the shares or units will be determined by supply and demand. It is not necessarily the same as the value per share or unit of that the Funds’ assets. At any time the share or unit price may be at a discount or premium to the asset value. However, because of the exchange-traded fund structure, it is expected that a significant discount or premium of price to asset value will not be sustainable over the long term. Any projections or examples (including calculations used therein) are for illustrative purposes only and are not guaranteed to be accurate or complete. You should note that shares or units may only be redeemed directly from the Funds by persons or entities registered as participating dealers in very large redemption sizes. Listing of the shares or units of the Funds does not guarantee a liquid market for them.
Where a Fund's investment objective is to track an index, the Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by the relevant index provider. None of these companies make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Funds.
Important information about the Funds is contained in the prospectus for the Funds which is available upon request from BlackRock. BEFORE ACQUIRING THE SHARES OR UNITS OF ANY FUNDS BY PURCHASE OR EXCHANGE, IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO READ THE FUNDS’ PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING MATERIALS.
This Website is for information purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as a forecast, research or investment advice. Although this material is based upon information that BlackRock considers reliable and endeavors to keep current, BlackRock does not assure that this material is accurate, current or complete, and it should not be relied upon as such. The contents of this Website have been prepared without regard to the investment objectives, financial situation, or means of any particular person or entity, and the Website is not soliciting any action based upon them.  Any opinions expressed on this Website may change as subsequent conditions vary. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The information and services provided on this Website are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, BlackRock disclaims all warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranty of non-infringement of third-party rights and any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. BlackRock does not warrant, either expressly or impliedly, the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links or other items contained on this Website and does not warrant that the functions contained in this Website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Website will be free of viruses or other harmful components. BlackRock expressly disclaims all liability for errors and omissions in the materials on this Website and for the use or interpretation by others of information contained on the Website.
Trademarks, Copyrights and other Intellectual Property
The content contained on this Website is owned or licensed by BlackRock and its third-party information providers and is protected by applicable copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and/or other intellectual property rights. Such content is solely for your personal, non-commercial use. Accordingly, you may not copy, distribute, modify, post, frame or deep link this Website, including any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, user interface design or logos. You may download material displayed on this Website for your personal use provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this Website for public or commercial purposes, including all text, images, audio, and video, without BlackRock's written permission. Modification or use of the materials for any other purpose violates BlackRock's intellectual property rights.
All trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos displayed on this Website are proprietary to BlackRock and/or their respective owners. Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Website without the written permission of BlackRock or such other third party that may own the trademark displayed on this Website. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this Website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
The use of the images displayed on this Website by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, and the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications, as well as other regulations and statutes. If you download any information from this Website, you agree that you will not copy it or remove or obscure any copyright or other notices or legends contained in any such information.
Links to Other Websites
BlackRock may establish links between this Website and one or more websites operated by third parties. BlackRock has no control over any such other websites, the contents therein or the products/services offered. The existence of any such links shall not constitute an endorsement of, or representation or warranty by BlackRock regarding such websites, the contents of the websites, the products or services of the websites or the operators of the websites. Your access to and use of such linked websites is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of those sites, and shall be at your own risk. BlackRock disclaims responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third-party internet websites hyperlinked from our Website.
Links to BlackRock from Other Websites
You shall not display hyperlinks on your websites to any website owned or operated by BlackRock. If you desire to display on your website a hyperlink to a BlackRock website, you must enter into a written agreement with BlackRock governing such display. Access to any BlackRock website does not authorize you to use any of BlackRock's names, logos, trademarks or copyrighted material, and you agree not to do so without BlackRock's express written consent. Requests to display hyperlinks on your websites to BlackRock websites should be e-mailed to clientservice.asiapac@blackrock.com.
Transmissions to and From this Website
Electronic communications can be intercepted by third parties and, accordingly, transmissions to and from this Website may not be secure. Communications to BlackRock, particularly those containing confidential information, may be sent by mail to: BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited, 16/F Champion Tower, 3 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong, or by email to: clientservice.asiapac@blackrock.com. BlackRock shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques provided by a website user to BlackRock through this Website. You acknowledge and agree that BlackRock has granted you limited access to the specific files pertaining to the Funds ("Approved Files"), and you agree not to attempt to access computer files other than the Approved Files. BlackRock makes no warranty to you regarding the security of the Website, including with regard to the ability of any unauthorized persons to access information received or transmitted by you through or from the Website. BlackRock reserves the right to cease providing, or to change, this Website and content of such information (or any portion or feature thereof) at any time or frequency and without notice.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
The information provided on this Website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject BlackRock or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Each investment product and service referred to on this Website is intended to be made available only to residents in Hong Kong.
These Terms shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of Hong Kong.  The courts of Hong Kong shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or proceeding, and to settle any disputes, which may arise out of or in connection with these Terms and, for such purposes, you agree to submit  to the jurisdiction of the courts of Hong Kong.  Each party hereby waives any objection which it might at any time have to the courts of Hong Kong being nominated as the forum to hear and determine any proceedings and to settle any disputes and agrees not to claim that the courts of Hong Kong are not a convenient or appropriate forum.
Limitation of Liability
BLACKROCK AND ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOST PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES OR DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM USE OR LOSS OF USE OF THIS WEBSITE), EVEN IF BLACKROCK HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, FROM THE USE OR ATTEMPTED USE OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANOTHER LINKED WEBSITE.
Timeliness of Content
All content on this Website is presented only as of the date published or indicated, and may be superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. In addition, you are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browser to ensure you are receiving the most recent data.
Prohibited Uses
Except as otherwise stated in these Terms or as expressly authorized by BlackRock in writing, you may not:

Use this Website in any manner that could damage or overburden any BlackRock server, or any network connected to any BlackRock server, as all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people;
Use this Website in any manner that would interfere with another party's use of the Website;
Include the term "BlackRock" or any BlackRock trademark or executive's name, or any variation of the foregoing, as a meta-tag, hidden textual element;
Use any robot, spider, intelligent agent, other automatic device, or manual process to search, monitor or copy this Website or the reports, data, information, content, software, products services, or other materials on, generated by or obtained from this Website, whether through links or otherwise (collectively, "Materials"), without BlackRock's permission, provided that generally available third-party web browsers may be used without such permission; or
Use this Website or the Materials in any manner that could create impression of affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by BlackRock.

System Outages and Incomplete Transmissions
Internet software or transmission problems may produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of information and materials that may be downloaded and displayed on a user's computer. BlackRock is not liable for any damages, changes, or omissions that occur during transmission of information and materials.
Termination
BlackRock may terminate your access to the Website for any reason, without prior notice.
Waiver
No waiver by BlackRock of any right under or term or provision of these Terms will be deemed a waiver of any other right, term, or provision of these Terms at the time of such waiver or a waiver of that or any other right, term, or provision of these Terms at any other time.
Integration and Severability
If any provision of these Terms is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
The preceding Terms of use represent the entire agreement between BlackRock and the user relating to the subject matter herein.
BlackRock is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace.
Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which is a part of this Agreement and hereby incorporated by reference, to learn about our information collection practices and the measures we take to preserve the privacy and security of your information.
Dated: January 2016
© 2016 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved. iShares® and BlackRock® are registered trademarks of BlackRock, Inc., or its subsidiaries in the United States and elsewhere. All other trademarks, servicemarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Confirm
Decline

















Legal Information:



Terms and Conditions


Privacy Policy





Company Information:


Press Releases


Contact Us






© 2017 BlackRock, Inc. All rights reserved.
















 American Funds Capital World Bond Fund® Class A (CWBFX) Top Portfolio Holdings 




























American Funds Capital World Bond Fund® Class A
 CWBFX



Fund Family DataAdd to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData DefinitionData QuestionQuoteChartFund AnalysisPerformanceRatings & RiskManagementStewardshipPortfolioExpenseTaxPurchaseFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details














                            	Annual Turnover
                            
Yield(TTM)
Assets in Top 10 Holdings
Stock Holdings(Long)
Stock Holdings(Short)
Bond Holdings(Long)
Bond Holdings(Short)




138%
1.72%
—
2
—
1,008
—




 See and export the Top 100 Holdings




















 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 














 








CWBFX Fund - American Funds Capital World Bond Fund;A Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Starbucks spending $1.3 billion to become full owner of its China joint venture




Bulletin

Facebook shares gain 5% premarket amid mostly upbeat analyst view of earnings






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,668


22


0.10%











S&P F

2,477.75


4.50


0.18%











NASDAQ F

5,979.50


31.50


0.53%











Gold

1,269.40


13.80


1.10%











Silver

16.765


0.306


1.86%











Crude Oil

48.48


-0.27


-0.55%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:34a

Boeing upgraded to sector perform from underperform at RBC Capital



7:33a

Celgene Q2 adj. EPS $1.82; FactSet consensus $1.78



7:32a

Celgene Q2 EPS $1.31 vs. 75 cents



7:32a

Globant downgraded to hold from buy at SunTrust RH



7:32a

Updated
Stocks market set to extend records on Wall Street, led by Facebook



7:31a

Snap's stock on track for 5th-straight loss to record low



7:30a

Snap's stock slumps 2.2% in premarket trade



7:29a

Sirius XM shares jump 4.2% in premarket trade



7:29a

Sirius XM sees full-year revenue about $5.375 bln



7:28a

Sirius XM raises full-year guidance for self-pay net subscriber additions to 1.4 mln












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


CWBFX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



CWBFX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


American Funds Capital World Bond Fund;A

Watchlist 
CreateCWBFXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 EDT



$
20.01



0.10
0.50%






Previous Close




$19.91





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



18.76
52 Week Low/High
20.74


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
18.76 - 20.74



YTD
6.52%



5 Year
5.51%



Total Net Assets
$5.8B



Yield
1.72%



Net Expense Ratio
0.94%



Turnover %
138.00%



52 Week Avg Return
1.31




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 2 (26th percentile)
        


2
Total Returns


3
Consistent Return


1
Preservation


4
Tax Efficiency


4
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Global Income


Portfolio Style
Global Income


Fund Family
American Funds Cl A


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
August 4, 1987


Manager

Team Managed








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks to provide, over the long term, a high level of total return as is consistent with prudent management, by investing primarily in investment grade bonds denominated in US dollars or other currencies. The Fund may also invest in lower quality, higher yielding debt securities.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
3.75%


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
0.94%


12 b-1
0.24%


Turnover
138.00%






Risk Measures




Alpha
-0.09


Beta
0.09


Standard deviation
1.46


R. squared
0.03






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
$250


IRA
$25




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (Barclay US Agg)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
6.52%
5.25%
n/a
26%
2


1yr
1.31%
2.10%
n/a
58%
3


3yr2
0.22%
0.86%
n/a
65%
4


5yr2
1.08%
1.55%
n/a
67%
4


10yr2
3.51%
3.83%
n/a
58%
3





1Global Income Funds
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News






Portuguese Bond Spreads Have Been Rising


Jan. 14, 2016 at 1:17 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com








  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.09


Dividend frequency
Quarterly


Capital gain (2016)
$0.07


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
$0.18
-


2016
$0.32
$0.07


2015
$0.11
-


2014
$0.31
$0.28


2013
$0.47
-


2012
$0.50
$0.28


2011
$0.72
-


2010
$0.82
-


2009
$0.76
-


2008
$0.81
-


2007
$1.01
$0.06




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








TWTR

-1.80%








NOK

0.16%








VZ

0.95%








BMY

0.05%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Investing News - Investment Articles - Investing Research

























Bulletin

Starbucks spending $1.3 billion to become full owner of its China joint venture »
        

Facebook shares gain 5% premarket amid mostly upbeat analyst view of earnings »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings




















  
      Investing
    





Mutual Funds »








How Venezuela chaos could spark oil rally OPEC has failed to achieve 
              
              Political and economic turmoil in Venezuela could fuel a rise in oil prices—something the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, despite it’s efforts to cut back production, hasn’t been able to do.              
              
            

2:07 p.m. July 26, 2017






Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
              
              Talk from OPEC isn’t the only reason prices for oil scored their biggest single-session gain of the year.              
              
            

3:49 a.m. July 26, 2017






Investing according to your values can also make you money
              
              These socially conscious funds can do good and do well, writes Conrad de Aenlle.              
              
            

10:56 a.m. July 24, 2017










Most popular funds ›


Fidelity Contra /quotes/zigman/226510/realtime
119.35
+0.34
+0.29%


Vanguard 500 Idx /quotes/zigman/245160/realtime
228.99
+0.07
+0.03%


CGM Tr Focus /quotes/zigman/188272/realtime
49.63
+0.06
+0.12%


Dodge Cox Stock /quotes/zigman/224556/realtime
196.25
-0.71
-0.36%


Fairholme /quotes/zigman/265845/realtime
20.75
+0.42
+2.07%


T. Rowe Price Eq Inc /quotes/zigman/240035/realtime
33.51
-0.03
-0.09%


USAA Metals Min /quotes/zigman/244622/realtime
12.98
+0.31
+2.45%








Exchange Traded Funds »








Todd Gordon's Oil ETF Trade
              
              Todd Gordon's Oil ETF Trade              
              
            

5:52 a.m. July 26, 2017
(Benzinga.com)












SPY



							7/26/2017 8:00pm
					



SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust


/quotes/zigman/714403/composite

247.43


+0.01
+0.0040%













Exchange traded funds ›


PowerShares QQQ /quotes/zigman/105934/composite
144.87
+0.47
+0.33%


iShares Russell 2000 /quotes/zigman/260873/composite
143.25
-0.80
-0.56%


Financial Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246222/composite
25.05
-0.17
-0.67%


Energy Sector SPDR /quotes/zigman/246199/composite
65.88
+0.07
+0.11%


iShares MSCI Em Mkt /quotes/zigman/322623/composite
44.01
+0.36
+0.82%







/conga/native_unit.html
370720





Stocks »







/conga/investing/stocks/main.html
1293






These companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
              
              Investors might want to consider why top executives are at odds with their companies’ share-repurchase programs.              
              
            

8 min ago7:26 a.m. July 27, 2017






This is the make-or-break level for stock-market bulls
              
              Follow the KISS approach to effectively gauge whether the stock market is at a major top, writes Simon Maierhofer.              
              
            

5:12 a.m.  Today5:12 a.m. July 27, 2017










Most popular stocks  ›


BAC /quotes/zigman/190927/composite
24.21
-0.27
-1.10%


C /quotes/zigman/5065548/composite
67.98
-0.05
-0.07%


MSFT /quotes/zigman/20493/composite
74.05
-0.14
-0.19%


INTC /quotes/zigman/20392/composite
34.75
+0.08
+0.23%


CSCO /quotes/zigman/20039/composite
31.66
-0.46
-1.43%


F /quotes/zigman/264304/composite
11.06
-0.21
-1.86%


WFC /quotes/zigman/239557/composite
54.91
-0.15
-0.27%


JPM /quotes/zigman/272085/composite
91.93
-0.87
-0.94%








Bonds »








The Morning Ledger: U.K. to Phase Out Libor, Following U.S.
              
              The U.K. follows the U.S. in replacing the London Interbank Offered Rate, Foxconn builds a plant in Wisconsin and Deutsche Bank reports higher profit, but lower revenue.              
              
            

8 min ago7:26 a.m. July 27, 2017












BX:TMUBMUSD03M



							7/27/2017 7:04am
					



U.S. 3 Month Treasury Bill


/quotes/zigman/15866657/realtime

1.1285


+0.0025
+0.22%













Bonds ›


6 mo Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866663/realtime
1.15
+0.01
+1.11%


2 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866656/realtime
1.36
-0.0080
-0.59%


5 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866662/realtime
1.84
+0.0099
+0.54%


10 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866666/realtime
2.29
+0.0062
+0.27%


30 yr Treasury /quotes/zigman/15866668/realtime
2.90
+0.0051
+0.18%








Options »





				OPTIONS SCREENER |
				
				EXPIRATIONS |
				
				OPTIONS CHAINS |
				
				GETTING STARTED
/conga/mininav/investing-options.html
2543








Extremely low volatility could lead to a sharp, but short-lived, decline in stocks 
              
              Still, a chart of the S&P 500 reveals an undercurrent of bullishness, says Lawrence G. McMillan.              
              
            

1:42 p.m. July 19, 2017






Who trades options the most? Millennial investors
              
              Millennials are frequently criticized by market experts for the way they invest—or, more accurately, the way they’re not investing—but recent research indicates that at least some young market participants are going about things in a more sophisticated way than they’re typically given credit for.              
              
            

1:32 p.m. May 24, 2017












VIX



							7/27/2017 6:19am
					



CBOE Volatility Index


/quotes/zigman/2766221/delayed

9.33


-0.27
-2.81%













Options ›


SPX /quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83
+0.70
+0.03%


DJIA /quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01
+97.58
+0.45%


COMP /quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75
+10.57
+0.16%


RUT /quotes/zigman/2759624/delayed
1,442.28
-8.11
-0.56%


MID /quotes/zigman/6015543/delayed
1,776.69
-15.24
-0.85%








Currencies »








Dollar struggles at 13-month low as Fed flags sluggish inflation 
              
              A widely watched U.S. dollar gauge languished at a 13-month low Thursday, struggling to shake off the dovish interpretation among investors of the Federal Reserve’s policy statement.               
              
            

49 min ago6:44 a.m. July 27, 2017






Donald Trump is winning the currency cold war: Pimco
              
              The Trump administration’s trade bullying “has killed the dollar bull,” says Pimco’s Joachim Fels.              
              
            

5:01 p.m. July 26, 2017












USDJPY



							7/27/2017 7:34am
					



Japanese Yen


/quotes/zigman/16008150/realtime/sampled

111.376


+0.1980
+0.1781%













One U.S. Dollar Buys ›


British Pound /quotes/zigman/16008140/realtime/sampled
1.3139
+0.0017
+0.1296%


Brazilian Real /quotes/zigman/15936989/realtime/sampled
3.1391
+0.0003
+0.0096%








Commodities »










Commodities  ›


Brent Crude /quotes/zigman/18185161/delayed
50.77
-0.20
-0.39%


Heating Oil /quotes/zigman/25024089/delayed
1.60
-0.0032
-0.20%


Natural Gas /quotes/zigman/2306589/delayed
2.91
-0.0060
-0.21%


Gold /quotes/zigman/7730417/delayed
1,269.40
+13.80
+1.10%


Silver /quotes/zigman/60158948/delayed
16.77
+0.31
+1.86%


Platinum /quotes/zigman/74312941/delayed
934.70
+12.00
+1.30%


Corn /quotes/zigman/25518705/delayed
388.75
+2.75
+0.71%

















Most Popular





1.






Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.






2.






If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one






3.






The dark side of cruises






4.






If the stock market can make you rich, why are so many Americans poor?






5.






This Awesome Oven Is Your New Personal Chef








Stock Screener »


Find your top stocks

		Identify stocks based on criteria that you select, such as price 
		movement, volume, fundamentals, technical behavior and industry. 








/conga/tools/stock-screener.html
2585








Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 






Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:34 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:34aBoeing stock price target raised to $235 from $146 at RBC Capital
7:34aBoeing upgraded to sector perform from underperform at RBC Capital
7:34aCelgene Q2 adj. EPS $1.82; FactSet consensus $1.78
7:33aCelgene Q2 EPS $1.31 vs. 75 cents
7:33aGlobant downgraded to hold from buy at SunTrust RH
7:32aStocks market set to extend records on Wall Street, led by Facebook
7:31aSnap's stock on track for 5th-straight loss to record low
7:31aSnap's stock slumps 2.2% in premarket trade
7:30aSirius XM shares jump 4.2% in premarket trade
7:29aSirius XM sees full-year revenue about $5.375 bln
7:29aSirius XM raises full-year guidance for self-pay net subscriber additions to 1.4 mln
7:29aFacebook's stock on track to open at record high
7:29aFacebook's stock jumps 5.7% premarket after Q2 results late Wednesday
7:28aSirius XM Q2 FactSet EPS consensus 4 cents; revenue $1.32 bln
7:28aSirius XM Q2 revenue $1.35 billion vs. $1.24 billion
7:27aSirius XM Q2 EPS 4 cents vs. 3.5 cents
7:27aTwitter's stock is premarket's most active with volume of 1.5 mln shares
7:26aTwitter's stock extends slide, drops 9.1% in active premarket
7:26aThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
7:26aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Starbucks spending $1.3 billion to become full owner of its China joint venture »
        

Facebook shares gain 5% premarket amid mostly upbeat analyst view of earnings »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




7:34 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:34aBoeing upgraded to sector perform from underperform at RBC Capital
7:34aCelgene Q2 adj. EPS $1.82; FactSet consensus $1.78
7:33aCelgene Q2 EPS $1.31 vs. 75 cents
7:33aGlobant downgraded to hold from buy at SunTrust RH
7:32aStocks market set to extend records on Wall Street, led by Facebook
7:31aSnap's stock on track for 5th-straight loss to record low
7:31aSnap's stock slumps 2.2% in premarket trade
7:30aSirius XM shares jump 4.2% in premarket trade
7:29aSirius XM sees full-year revenue about $5.375 bln
7:29aSirius XM raises full-year guidance for self-pay net subscriber additions to 1.4 mln
7:29aFacebook's stock on track to open at record high
7:29aFacebook's stock jumps 5.7% premarket after Q2 results late Wednesday
7:28aSirius XM Q2 FactSet EPS consensus 4 cents; revenue $1.32 bln
7:28aSirius XM Q2 revenue $1.35 billion vs. $1.24 billion
7:27aSirius XM Q2 EPS 4 cents vs. 3.5 cents
7:27aTwitter's stock is premarket's most active with volume of 1.5 mln shares
7:26aTwitter's stock extends slide, drops 9.1% in active premarket
7:26aThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
7:26aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
7:26aInvestment chief who manages $19 billion sees big gains on the ‘frontier’
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Funds/A Z Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin

Starbucks spending $1.3 billion to become full owner of its China joint venture »
        

Facebook shares gain 5% premarket amid mostly upbeat analyst view of earnings »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Funds A-Z


0-9A (current)BCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

AAM S - AB GrAB Gr - AB MuAB Mu - AberdAberd - ACR MActiv - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AdvisAdvis - AlgerAlger - AlliaAllia - AlliaAllia - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmeriAmeri - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AmundAmund - AQR MAQR M - ArrowArrow - AustrAustr - Azzad



Name
Country
Exchange
Sector




AAM Select Income Fund;A (CPUAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;C (CPUCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM Select Income Fund;I (CPUIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;A (AFNAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;C (AFYCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/Bahl & Gaynor Income Growth Fund;I (AFNIX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;A (ASDAX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;C (ASDCX)
United States
XNAS



AAM/HIMCO Short Duration Fund;I (ASDIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;A (AARAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;Advisor (AARYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Alternative Return Portfolio;C (AARCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;A (MRKAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;Advisor (MRKYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Income Portfolio;C (MRKCX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;1 (AMTOX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;2 (AMTTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;A (AMTAX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Advisor (AMTYX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;C (ACMTX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;I (AMTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;K (AMTKX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;R (AMTRX)
United States
XNAS



AB All Market Real Return Portfolio;Z (AMTZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;A (AAZAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;B (AAZBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Arizona Portfolio;C (AAZCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;A (AXJAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;Advisor (AXJYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Asia ex-Japan Equity Portfolio;C (AXJCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;A (ABWAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABWYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;B (ABWBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;C (ABWCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;I (ABWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;K (ABWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Balanced Wealth Strategy;R (ABWRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;1 (ABNOX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;2 (ABNTX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;A (ABNAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Advisor (ABNYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;C (ABNCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;I (ANBIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;K (ABNKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;R (ABNRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Bond Inflation Strategy;Z (ABNZX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;A (ALCAX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;Advisor (ALCVX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;B (ALCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB California Portfolio;C (ACACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;A (WPASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Advisor (WPSGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;C (WPCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;I (WPSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;K (WPSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;R (WPRSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated Growth Fund;Z (WPSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;A (CIAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;Advisor (CIGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Concentrated International Growth Portfolio;C (CICGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;A (ABPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;Advisor (ABPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;B (ABPBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;C (ABPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;I (APWIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;K (APWKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Conservative Wealth Strategy;R (APPRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;A (ADGAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Advisor (ADGYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;B (ADGBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;C (ADGCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;I (ADGIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;K (ADGKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;R (ADGRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Core Opportunities Fund;Z (ADGZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Corporate Income Shares (ACISX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;A (ALASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;Advisor (ALYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Credit Long/Short Portfolio;C (ALCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;A (CHCLX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Adv (CHCYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;B (CHCBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;C (CHCCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;I (CHCIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;K (CHCKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;R (CHCRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Growth Fund;Z (CHCZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;A (ABASX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Advisor (ABYSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;B (ABBSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;C (ABCSX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;I (ABSIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;K (ABSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;R (ABSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Discovery Value Fund;Z (ABSZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;A (EMPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;Advisor (EMPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Core Portfolio;C (EMPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;A (EGPAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;Adv (EGPYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio;C (EGPCX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;A (ABAEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;Adv (ABYEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;C (ABCEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;I (ABIEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;K (ABKEX)
United States
XNAS



AB Emerging Markets Multi-Asset Portfolio;R (ABREX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;A (AUIAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Advisor (AUIYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;B (AUIBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;C (AUICX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;I (AUIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;K (AUIKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;R (AUIRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Equity Income Fund;Z (AUIZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;A (ANAGX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Adv (ANAYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;B (ANABX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;C (ANACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;I (ANAIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;K (ANAKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;R (ANARX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Bond Fund;Z (ANAZX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;A (GCEAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;Adv (GCEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Core Equity Portfolio;C (GCECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund II;I (ARIIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;A (AREAX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;Advisor (ARSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;B (AREBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;C (ARECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;I (AEEIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;K (ARRKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Real Estate Investment Fund;R (ARRRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;A (CABNX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;Advisor (CBSYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;B (CABBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;C (CBACX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;I (CABIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;K (CBSKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Risk Allocation Fund;R (CBSRX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;A (ALTFX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;Advisor (ATEYX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;B (ATEBX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;C (ATECX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;I (AGTIX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;K (ATEKX)
United States
XNAS



AB Global Thematic Growth Fund;R (ATERX)
United States
XNAS



AB Government Money Market Portfolio;Inst (GMOXX)
United States
XNAS



AB Growth & Income Fund;A (CABDX)
United States
XNAS




«1234567891011-2021-29»










Log In




7:34 AM EDT
July 27, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:34aBoeing stock price target raised to $235 from $146 at RBC Capital
7:34aBoeing upgraded to sector perform from underperform at RBC Capital
7:34aCelgene Q2 adj. EPS $1.82; FactSet consensus $1.78
7:33aCelgene Q2 EPS $1.31 vs. 75 cents
7:33aGlobant downgraded to hold from buy at SunTrust RH
7:32aStocks market set to extend records on Wall Street, led by Facebook
7:31aSnap's stock on track for 5th-straight loss to record low
7:31aSnap's stock slumps 2.2% in premarket trade
7:30aSirius XM shares jump 4.2% in premarket trade
7:29aSirius XM sees full-year revenue about $5.375 bln
7:29aSirius XM raises full-year guidance for self-pay net subscriber additions to 1.4 mln
7:29aFacebook's stock on track to open at record high
7:29aFacebook's stock jumps 5.7% premarket after Q2 results late Wednesday
7:28aSirius XM Q2 FactSet EPS consensus 4 cents; revenue $1.32 bln
7:28aSirius XM Q2 revenue $1.35 billion vs. $1.24 billion
7:27aSirius XM Q2 EPS 4 cents vs. 3.5 cents
7:27aTwitter's stock is premarket's most active with volume of 1.5 mln shares
7:26aTwitter's stock extends slide, drops 9.1% in active premarket
7:26aThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
7:26aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,711.01

+97.58
+0.45%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,422.75

+10.57
+0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.83

+0.70
+0.03%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































CWBFX Fund - American Funds Capital World Bond Fund;A Overview - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search





Bulletin

Starbucks spending $1.3 billion to become full owner of its China joint venture




Bulletin

Facebook shares gain 5% premarket amid mostly upbeat analyst view of earnings






Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











DJIA F

21,668


22


0.10%











S&P F

2,477.75


4.50


0.18%











NASDAQ F

5,979.50


31.50


0.53%











Gold

1,269.40


13.80


1.10%











Silver

16.765


0.306


1.86%











Crude Oil

48.48


-0.27


-0.55%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



BA 
9.9




T 
5.0




AMD 
4.6




BIIB 
4.5






AKAM
-14.6




UHS
-8.2




RHI
-7.4




JNPR
-6.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








7:34a

Boeing stock price target raised to $235 from $146 at RBC Capital



7:34a

Boeing upgraded to sector perform from underperform at RBC Capital



7:33a

Celgene Q2 adj. EPS $1.82; FactSet consensus $1.78



7:32a

Celgene Q2 EPS $1.31 vs. 75 cents



7:32a

Globant downgraded to hold from buy at SunTrust RH



7:32a

Updated
Stocks market set to extend records on Wall Street, led by Facebook



7:31a

Snap's stock on track for 5th-straight loss to record low



7:30a

Snap's stock slumps 2.2% in premarket trade



7:29a

Sirius XM shares jump 4.2% in premarket trade



7:29a

Sirius XM sees full-year revenue about $5.375 bln












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Mutual Funds


CWBFX


Overview



Compare Quotes
Fund Comparison
Market Screener
Mutual Fund Screener
Sectors

 



CWBFX
U.S.: Mutual Funds


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


American Funds Capital World Bond Fund;A

Watchlist 
CreateCWBFXAlert



  



Last Updated: Jul 26, 2017 EDT



$
20.01



0.10
0.50%






Previous Close




$19.91





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




Day Range



18.76
52 Week Low/High
20.74


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Holdings


News


Charts


Historical Quotes



   




Key Data



52 Week Range
18.76 - 20.74



YTD
6.52%



5 Year
5.51%



Total Net Assets
$5.8B



Yield
1.72%



Net Expense Ratio
0.94%



Turnover %
138.00%



52 Week Avg Return
1.31




 


Lipper Leader


YTD Lipper Ranking:Quintile 2 (26th percentile)
        


2
Total Returns


3
Consistent Return


1
Preservation


4
Tax Efficiency


4
Expense




Lipper Leaders Key


Highest
5
4
3
2
1
Lowest



  



Fund Details




Category
Global Income


Portfolio Style
Global Income


Fund Family
American Funds Cl A


Fund Status
Open


Fund Inception
August 4, 1987


Manager

Team Managed








Investment Policy


            
            The Fund seeks to provide, over the long term, a high level of total return as is consistent with prudent management, by investing primarily in investment grade bonds denominated in US dollars or other currencies. The Fund may also invest in lower quality, higher yielding debt securities.
            
            
            

 


Fees & Expenses




Front load
3.75%


Deferred load
n/a


Max. redemption fee
n/a


Total expense ratio
0.94%


12 b-1
0.24%


Turnover
138.00%






Risk Measures




Alpha
-0.09


Beta
0.09


Standard deviation
1.46


R. squared
0.03






Min. Investment




Standard (taxable)
$250


IRA
$25




 


Lipper Ranking & Performance










Fund Return
Category1
Index (Barclay US Agg)
% rank in category
Quintile rank




YTD
6.52%
5.25%
n/a
26%
2


1yr
1.31%
2.10%
n/a
58%
3


3yr2
0.22%
0.86%
n/a
65%
4


5yr2
1.08%
1.55%
n/a
67%
4


10yr2
3.51%
3.83%
n/a
58%
3





1Global Income Funds
23, 5 and 10 Year Returns are Annualized





Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News






Portuguese Bond Spreads Have Been Rising


Jan. 14, 2016 at 1:17 p.m. ET
on MarketRealist.com








  



Distributions




Income dividend
0.09


Dividend frequency
Quarterly


Capital gain (2016)
$0.07


Capital gain (YTD)
n/a






Distribution History




Date
Income Distribution
Capital Gains Distribution




YTD
$0.18
-


2016
$0.32
$0.07


2015
$0.11
-


2014
$0.31
$0.28


2013
$0.47
-


2012
$0.50
$0.28


2011
$0.72
-


2010
$0.82
-


2009
$0.76
-


2008
$0.81
-


2007
$1.01
$0.06




 


Growth Of 10K




Starting Year:


2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003




Initial amount USD:


Calculate


Estimated Current USD Value






Fund Comparison




Tickers:
















Compare:


Returns
Risk
Fees
Holdings


Compare





Find Another Fund




Fund Type:


All Types
Growth
Value
Core
Mixed
Global
Sector
S&P 500
Fixed Income
Govt Debt



Net Assets:


All Ranges
Under $50 Million
$50 - $150 Million
$150 - $250 Million
$250 - $500 Million
Over $500 Million



Return:


1 Day
1 Week
4 Weeks
13 Weeks
Month To Date
Quarter To Date
Year To Date
1 Year
3 Years
5 Years
10 Years
Quarter To Date
Since Inception


Show Funds



   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





FB

0.20%








TWTR

-1.80%








NOK

0.16%








VZ

0.95%








BMY

0.05%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.











Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/world-bond/american-funds-capital-world-bond-fund/bfwfx" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501155273.13333f44



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501155273.13333f6b



Access Denied

Access Denied
 
You don't have permission to access "http://money.usnews.com/funds/mutual-funds/rankings/world-bond" on this server.
Reference #18.16f37468.1501155273.13333fa6





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Dynamic Global Bond Fund (RPIEX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Dynamic Global Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIEX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments



			
			 	 Formerly T. Rowe Price Global Unconstrained Bond Fund
			 	 				 	 
			
		







 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/26/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$9.82
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/26/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								-2.19%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$9.78
							
							-
							
								$10.22
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$358.54

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


3 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Dynamic Global Bond Fund among 
N/A,
N/A,
N/A
and 
N/A
Nontraditional Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The objective is to seek high current income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/26/2017)
								
							



						
						
							0.62%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.19%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							2.10%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					0.20%
				
			

				
					0.20%
				
			


3 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.76%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.76%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							January 22, 2015
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.16%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.65%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							April 30, 2019
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Thu Jul 27 00:15:46 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 6/30/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Actively Prepared for Rising Rates















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home






Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email















Actively Prepared for Rising Rates








While many said they believed rates would eventually head upwards, not all managers were as proactive as Dr. Hasenstab about positioning their portfolios for the shift. Hear his thoughts on the impact government policy could have on inflation, economic growth and interest rates moving forward.






Average Annual Total ReturnsPeriods Ended June 30, 2017



 Year-to-Date Total Returns1-Year5-Year10-YearSince InceptionExpense Ratios (Net/Gross)



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class (TGBAX)
2.29%
10.42%
3.82%
6.58%
7.69% (9/18/86)
0.68%/0.74%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class (TTRZX)
3.55%
11.76%
4.64%
–––
8.28% (9/30/08)
0.83%/0.86%


Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index1
2.27%
-0.31%
2.21%
4.48%
–––
–––


Citigroup World Government Bond Index1
4.49%
-4.14%
-0.20%
3.49%
–––
–––


Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index1
4.58%
-1.38%
1.05%
3.85%
–––
–––



30-Day Standardized YieldsAs of June 30, 2017



 With Waiver / Without Waiver



Templeton Global Bond Fund–Advisor Class
5.22%/5.16%


Templeton Global Total Return Fund–Advisor Class
5.70%/5.64%




Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. The fund’s investment return and principal value will change with market conditions, and you may have a gain or a loss when you sell your shares. Please call Franklin Templeton at (800) DIAL BEN/(800) 342-5236 or visit franklintempleton.com for the most recent month-end performance.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees.










ABOUT THE FUNDS







Templeton Global Bond Fund






Templeton Global Total Return Fund













GAIN FROM OUR PERSPECTIVEDr. Michael Hasenstab in India
A Bright Spot Amongst Emerging Markets

A Record of Impressive Returns

This flyer illustrates how Templeton Global Bond Fund has withstood the test of time and achieved compelling performance over a 30-year time period.

The Value of Active – 1,681 Basis Points

See how Templeton Global Bond Fund’s distinctly different portfolio has led to near- and long-term outperformance relative to its passive benchmark and peer group.

Straight Talk on Templeton Global Bond Fund

This brochure is designed to help strengthen your understanding of the fund, its strategy and the current outlook of the Templeton Global Macro team. 

Global Macro Shifts – TRADE AND TAXES IN A WORLD WITH BORDERS

Templeton Global Macro, led by Dr. Michael Hasenstab, examines potential US corporate tax reform and the possible impacts of a border adjustment tax.








DR. HASENSTAB IN THE NEWSThe New York Times
The Lessons from Argentina

Bloomberg
All Roads Lead to Rio as Haven from Populists

The Wall Street Journal
10-Year Treasury Yield’s Surge Vindicates Bond Bears








This video is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, market, industry, security or fund. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of February 6, 2017, and may change without notice. A portfolio manager’s assessment of a particular security, investment or strategy is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy; it is intended only to provide insight into the fund’s portfolio selection process. Holdings are subject to change. The value of investments can go down as well as up, and investors may not get back the full amount invested.
1. Source: FactSet Research, Morningstar. March 31, 2017. Indexes are unmanaged, and one cannot invest directly in an index. They do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges. Important data provider notices and terms are available at www.franklintempletondatasources.com.
The funds have a fee waiver associated with any investment they make in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through April 30, 2018. Fund investment results reflect the fee waiver; without this waiver, the results would have been lower.
The funds’ 30-day standardized yields are calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. The yields may not equal the funds’ actual income distribution rates, which reflects the funds’ past dividends paid to shareholders.
The funds offer multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Visit the fund information page for performance and fee details for other share classes: Templeton Global Bond Fund / Templeton Global Total Return Fund.
Effective 1/1/97, Templeton Global Bond Fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Bloomberg Barclays US Aggregate Bond Index is a market-capitalization weighted index representing the U.S. investment-grade fixed rate taxable bond market.
Citigroup World Government Bond Index is a market capitalization weighted index consisting of investment-grade world government bond markets.
Bloomberg Barclays Multiverse Index provides a broad-based measure of the global fixed-income bond market. The index represents the union of the Global Aggregate Index and the Global High-Yield Index and captures investment-grade and high-yield securities in all eligible currencies.
What are the risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Templeton Global Bond Fund
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic and political uncertainties. Investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets' smaller size and lesser liquidity. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in interest rates will affect the value of the fund's portfolio and its share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. The fund is also non-diversified, which involves the risk of greater price fluctuation than a more diversified portfolio. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value.
Templeton Global Total Return Fund
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The markets for particular securities or types of securities are or may become relatively illiquid. Reduced liquidity will have an adverse impact on the security's value and on the fund's ability to sell such securities when necessary to meet the fund's liquidity needs or in response to a specific market event. Foreign securities involve special risks, including currency fluctuations (which may be significant over the short term) and economic and political uncertainties; investments in emerging markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Sovereign debt securities are subject to various risks in addition to those relating to debt securities and foreign securities generally, including, but not limited to, the risk that a government entity may be unwilling or unable to pay interest and repay principal on its sovereign debt, or otherwise meet its obligations when due. Investments in lower-rated bonds include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. As the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the funds' prospectus.
For more information on any funds, contact your financial advisor or download a prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund’s investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





2017 Global Investment Outlook | Franklin Templeton Investments
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Uncharted Terrain:  Today’s Global Market Drivers
2017 Global Investment Outlook – June Update










Improving global economic indicators are supporting markets that have been flirting with all-time highs. Against a backdrop of historically low volatility and uncertain geopolitical risks, US and other global equity markets have many wondering whether this upward trend can continue. Franklin Templeton’s investment leaders discuss where they see opportunities and risks.















Economic Policy Shifts in the Developed Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Our global macro CIO shares his view on the next likely policy shifts in major developed markets.







US Fixed Income: Risk and the Current Rate Environment
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Could the US credit sector be facing a near-term correction? Our fixed income expert weighs in.







The Undercurrent in Today’s Emerging Markets
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017Our head of equities explains what’s driving economic growth in emerging markets and how those factors may impact investors.







Actively Navigating Asset Correlations and Dispersions
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 How might investors position their portfolios for today’s markets? Gain perspective from our multi-asset solutions expert.







Global Investment Outlook – Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers
Date Recorded: June 6, 2017 Watch the complete video, including additional content covering emerging markets prospects and risks, global fixed-income opportunities, and US fixed-income valuations.


Meet the Panel







Edward D. Perks, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Multi-Asset Solutions








Christopher J. Molumphy, CFA

Chief Investment Officer, Franklin Templeton Fixed Income Group










Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Chief Investment Officer, Templeton Global Macro








Stephen H. Dover, CFA

Head of Equities

















Related Content








Read key insights from our investment leaders: Topic Paper (PDF) Blog (Web)










Download the audio file of the complete interview (MP3)











RESOURCES







Blog: Uncharted Terrain: Today’s Global Market Drivers






Blog: UK Election Result: Grounds for Optimism in the Medium Term?






Blog: Theresa May’s Shock Defeat Threatens Further Volatility






Global Macro Shifts: Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism













PREVIOUS EDITION (March 2017)







Topic Paper (PDF)






Audio (MP3)













What Are the Risks?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds adjust to a rise in interest rates, the share price may decline. Investments in foreign securities involve special risks including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments. Investments in emerging market countries involve heightened risks related to the same factors, in addition to those associated with these markets’ smaller size, lesser liquidity and lack of established legal, political, business and social frameworks to support securities markets. Such investments could experience significant price volatility in any given year. High yields reflect the higher credit risk associated with these lower-rated securities and, in some cases, the lower market prices for these instruments. Interest rate movements may affect the share price and yield. Stock prices fluctuate, sometimes rapidly and dramatically, due to factors affecting individual companies, particular industries or sectors, or general market conditions. Treasuries, if held to maturity, offer a fixed rate of return and fixed principal value; their interest payments and principal are guaranteed.
Important Legal Information
The information provided is not a complete analysis of every material fact regarding any country, region, or market. Comments, opinions and analyses contained herein are those of the speaker and are for informational purposes only. Because market and economic conditions are subject to change, comments, opinions and analyses are rendered as of March 15, 2017, and may change without notice. The analysis and opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas, portfolio managers or investment management teams at Franklin Templeton Investments. Opinions are intended to provide insight on macroeconomic issues and commentary is not intended as individual investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any security or to adopt any investment strategy.
For US Residents Only
NOT FDIC INSURED ∗ MAY LOSE VALUE ∗ NO BANK GUARANTEE






You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Global Macro Shifts
















 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home


                        Global Macro Shifts
                    





Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email


















Global Macro Shifts











WHAT IS GLOBAL MACRO SHIFTS?


Global Macro Shifts is a research-based briefing on global economies featuring the analysis and views of Dr. Michael Hasenstab and senior members of Templeton Global Macro.



Latest edition



Trade and Taxes in a World with Borders
US policy continues to be an important topic for investors throughout the world. Recently, the potential for US corporate tax reform and a border adjustment tax (BAT) stirred debate not only within the US government but also among global investors. Templeton Global Macro examines how a BAT would work, its likely effect on prices and exchange rates, its implications for the longer-term macroeconomic outlook, its impact on different domestic sectors and trade flows, and the potential ramifications for international trade relations.​
Read More






Other editions








January 2017

Latin America: The Rise and Fall of Populism









June 2016

Emerging Markets: Mapping the Opportunities









February 2016

Inflation: dead, or just forgotten?









November 2015

Japan: The quest for growth and inflation









July 2015

China: Searching for a New Equilibrium









February 2015

Headwinds or Tailwinds?








   
                                LOAD MORE
                            







Meet the Team







Dr. Hasenstab and his team manage Templeton's global bond strategies, including unconstrained fixed income, currency and global macro. This economic team, trained in some of the leading universities in the world, integrates global macroeconomic analysis with in-depth country research to help identify long-term imbalances that translate to investment opportunities.







Michael Hasenstab, Ph.D.

Executive Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Chief Investment Officer
Templeton Global Macro








Sonal Desai, Ph.D.

Senior Vice President, Portfolio Manager, Director of Research
Templeton Global Macro










Hyung C. Shin, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Attila Korpos, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Calvin Ho, Ph.D.

Vice President, Senior Global Macro Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro








Diego Valderrama, Ph.D.

Senior Global Macro & Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro










Shlomi Kramer, Ph.D.

Research Analyst
Templeton Global Macro

















You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 


































































American Funds





































































































All Funds | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ American Funds                                















American Funds















 ALL FUNDS


INVESTMENT TRACKER

-- FUNDS
								


COMPARE FUNDS


DOWNLOAD DATA
























Returns


			|
		

Daily Prices & Yields


			|
		

Symbols & Fund Numbers

			
|			
Literature







FILTER BY


Objective


Growth
Growth & Income
Equity-Income
Balanced
Bond
Tax-Exempt Bond
Money Market Funds
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
College Target Date
Retirement Target Date





Or



Asset Type 
					


Equity
Balanced
Fixed Income Taxable
Fixed Income tax exempt
Money Market







Investment Tracker
--
 Funds


					Add American Funds to your Investment Tracker by checking boxes below and choosing the Add To Tracker link above or below the table.
				





 American Funds

		Important: Class B and 529-B shares were no longer available for purchase as of April 21, 2009. All B and 529-B shares finished converting to A and 529-A shares on April 10, 2017.
	
















Share Class 
							



A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6






Returns
								









Monthly








Quarterly










at MOP/with CDSC








at NAV














Show Indices







ADD TO TRACKER





 PRINT

















Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















Fund Name

		Prices & Returns


		Yields
		



Price 
				
	
Change  ($)
			
	
Change  (%)
			
	
YTD
		
	

7-Day
		 SEC Yield at NAV
		
	
30-day SEC Yield NAV


12-Month Dist. Rate at NAV
		




At NAV as of -- (updated daily)
As of -- (updated monthly)








Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.















1- of  results
0 results



ADD TO TRACKER










































































































































American Funds Strategic Bond Fund - ANBAX | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ American Funds Strategic Bond Fund                                                SM


















BOND FUNDS


American Funds Strategic Bond Fund SM
(ANBAX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Multisector Fund Majoring in Rates and Minoring in Credit.						  
A flexible core fund that will rely on high-conviction ideas, which may primarily involve active management of duration, yield curve and inflation expectations with a focus on risk management and monitoring. Can invest in extended bond sectors on an opportunistic basis.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$10.30					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$435.5
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

3					


Expense Ratio 
					

1.03%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



1.12%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


3.42%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-2.66%
1-year return

        


--
5-year return

        


0.38%
Lifetime return
				(03/18/2016)




2.36%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds69.5%

Non-U.S. Bonds23.5%



Cash & Equivalents7.0%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	



Read important investment disclosures



Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.

 






Fund Statistics 
			




8.8 years
Average Life 


3.0 years
Average Duration 


2.3%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


0.8%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Limited Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund’s investment objective is to provide maximum total return consistent with preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

A multi-sector fund that acts like a bond fund. Its relatively small concentration in high-yield bonds is designed to result in a low correlation to equities.					



						Types of Investments
					

Government debt and agency bonds, corporate bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, emerging markets debt, non-U.S., municipals and high-yield.					





			            Maturity
			        

The bond maturities that the fund targets will vary depending on the current strategy being implemented.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund may invest no more than 50% of its assets in securities rated below investment grade (BB/Ba and below, or unrated, but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality) at the time of purchase, including high-yield corporate bonds or those issued by developing country governments and companies. The fund may invest up to 10% of its assets in equity securities and certain securities with a combination of debt and equity characteristics. The fund may invest up to 50% of its assets in securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The fund may invest up to 40% of its assets in securities of emerging market issuers.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							03/18/2016

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$435.5

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							100+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							12,766

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Mar, Jun, Sep, Dec



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							Dec

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							539%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							02631E 10 2

						Fund Number
						
					
							30112












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ANBAX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ANBAX





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ANBAX through 07/26/2017.
            

 ANBAX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

0.72%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

0.70%					

2.36%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



David A. Hoag

29
26
1



Damien J. McCann

17
17
1



Ritchie Tuazon

17
6
1



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (--)


						--
				


3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


						--
				


10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(-- funds rated)


--




Overall Morningstar Risk 


--





Category 

					Multisector Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
						-- 
						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated














Expense Within Category  Funds Rated














Preservation Within Category Funds Rated














Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated














Total Return Within Category Funds Rated
















Category
Multi-Sector Income Fds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST









Risk Measures

For the 3 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

                                -- 
                        


Sharpe Ratio 

                                -- 
                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

                                -- 
                        


Beta 

                                -- 
                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
--/--










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
36.6%


AAA/Aaa
0.6%


AA/Aa
6.1%


A
17.3%


BBB/Baa
21.4%


BB/Ba
6.0%


B
2.6%


CCC & Below
1.1%


Unrated
1.3%


Cash & equivalents
7.0%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
14.5%


5-9.9 Years
61.2%


10-19.9 Years
4.1%


20-29.9 Years
12.0%


30+ Years
1.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
45.3%


Financials
8.1%


Health Care
7.3%


Energy
6.9%


Consumer discretionary
4.3%


Utilities
3.9%


Information technology
3.6%


Industrials
3.5%


Consumer staples
3.2%


Materials
2.9%


Telecommunication services
1.2%


Other corporate bonds & notes
0.4%









U.S. Treasury bonds & notes
36.6%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
9.7%







Municipal securities
1.1%







Other bonds & notes
0.3%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

36.7%



Japan

5.3%



India Government

2.6%



Broadcom

1.6%



Shire

1.4%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
69.50%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
10.30%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
6.00%


Cash & equivalents
7.00%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

10.7%
			


Japanese yen
5.4%


Euros
1.7%


Other currencies
3.6%


U.S. Dollar
89.3%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
69.5%


Japan
5.7%


United Kingdom
3.3%


Canada
2.8%


India
2.6%


Australia
2.0%


Brazil
1.3%


Switzerland
1.1%


Kuwait
0.8%


Portugal
0.8%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




03/17/17
03/17/17
03/20/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.12


06/16/17
06/16/17
06/19/17
$0.02
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$10.28






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.04


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.04




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/19/2017


0.00000000
06/20/2017


0.00000000
06/21/2017


0.00000000
06/22/2017


0.00000000
06/23/2017


0.00000000
06/26/2017


0.00000000
06/27/2017


0.00000000
06/28/2017


0.00000000
06/29/2017


0.00000000
06/30/2017


0.00000000
07/03/2017


0.00000000
07/05/2017


0.00000000
07/06/2017


0.00000000
07/07/2017


0.00000000
07/10/2017


0.00000000
07/11/2017


0.00000000
07/12/2017


0.00000000
07/13/2017


0.00000000
07/14/2017


0.00000000
07/17/2017


0.00000000
07/18/2017


0.00000000
07/19/2017


0.00000000
07/20/2017


0.00000000
07/21/2017


0.00000000
07/24/2017


0.00000000
07/25/2017


0.00000000
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.57%


Other Expenses
0.16%


Service 12b-1
0.30%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio




Gross
Net


Fund
	

1.03%
1.01%


Lipper 		 Multi-Sector Income
 Funds Average
	



					1.06%
				








Resources






			Literature for ANBAX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
04/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16




Annual Report
(PDF) 
02/17




Q&A
(PDF) 
06/16











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Friday, March 18, 2016) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (2016), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 American Funds Strategic Bond Fund (ANBAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Multi-Sector Income Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The use of derivatives involves a variety of risks, which may be different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing in traditional cash securities, such as stocks and bonds. The fund may engage in frequent and active trading of its portfolio securities, which may involve correspondingly greater transaction costs, adversely affecting the fund's results.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
For American Funds Strategic Bond Fund, the investment adviser is currently reimbursing a portion of other expenses through at least January 1, 2018, without which the results would have been lower and net expense ratios higher. The adviser may elect at its discretion to extend, modify or terminate the reimbursement at that time. Please see the fund's most recent prospectus for details. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ANBAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.






































































































































The Bond Fund of America - ABNDX | American Funds



































HOME



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





FINANCIAL ADVISORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets













Contact Us
Preferences
Preferences


Log in / Register
Log out



American Funds Advisor ID

Log in to the Advisor Website


Register





Log out



Client Accounts (DST Vision ID)

Log in to Client Accounts



Log out






















Your Regional eWholesaler 



Schedule Meeting
Email
Call





Your Regional eWholesaler 



View LinkedIn Profile










Schedule
Schedule a phone meeting.





Call






Email
                    Receive a response within 24 hours
		    	









CLOSE X



Welcome!

						I'm , your regional contact at American Funds.  As you browse the site, you'll see that every page gives you the opportunity to email, call, or schedule a meeting with me. I look forward to answering your questions, discussing ideas, and helping you get the most out of the full range of American Funds products and services.  
					
OK, GOT IT!



















Forms & Literature


Search




















CLIENT
ACCOUNTS






										CLIENT ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








AMERICAN FUNDS ACCOUNTS





Dashboard / Client List


Recent Transactions
















Account Forms & Guidelines










PARTNER SITES









DST Vision A link to DST Vision is available on the Client Accounts page. 





PlanPremier®-Bundled PartnerLink®


PlanPremier®-TPA PartnerLink®









Recently Viewed Accounts

You must log in to access recently viewed accounts.

Log in to Client Accounts


You have no recently viewed accounts.














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Download Fund Data


Fund Literature


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs










MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Share Class Cost Comparison Calculator










OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products & Solutions





Target Date Retirement Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Insurance Series
































PRODUCTS & 
SOLUTIONS






										PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS
									
										
										See All

Close x







SOLUTIONS FOR:





Defined Contribution
Learn about retirement solutions that encourage favorable participant outcomes.



















Portfolio Construction
Find out how American Funds builds models and portfolios to meet the real-world needs of investors.






















Fixed Income
Learn about our fixed income strategies and how they pursue durable outcomes for investors.






















Retirement Income
Learn strategies that address a retiree’s withdrawal and longevity needs.













Investment Options





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series


Separately Managed Accounts


Model Portfolios


Model Portfolios - ASR View



















Target Date Retirement Series


College Target Date Series


Portfolio Series


Retirement Income Portfolio Series













Retirement





401(k)/403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs


Traditional/Roth IRAs










College Savings





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts














 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















read















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















read












CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary


Defined Contribution Insights










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global


Innovation










  





International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Municipal Bonds


Portfolio Construction


Target Date


Taxable Bonds


United States














TOOLS & PRACTICE 
MANAGEMENT






										TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT
									
										
										See All

Close x







PLANNING TOOLS





Hypotheticals


Portfolio Resources


Portfolio Analyzer


Price-It Tool: Preliminary Fee Quote


Retirement Plan Cost Comparison Tool


Target Date ProView: Evaluate TDFs






MORE PLANNING TOOLS






Capital Group Policy Spotlight






CLIENT CONVERSATIONS





Investing Basics


Investment Planning


College Savings


Individual Retirement Planning


Market Fluctuations






MORE CLIENT CONVERSATIONS






HOW-TO GUIDES









Client Servicing





Deliver More Effective Retirement Plan Reviews




 


Conduct a Portfolio Review










Business Development





Build Your IRA Business




 


Lead an Enrollment Meeting






MORE HOW-TO GUIDES










SERVICE
CENTER






										SERVICE CENTER
									
										
										See All

Close x







CURRENT












IRA BENEFICIARY REPORT See which clients haven’t designated a beneficiary or made an update in at least five years. 






LEARN MORE








SUBMIT DOCUMENTS ONLINE Any paperwork you currently fax can be submitted online. 






LEARN MORE










ACCOUNT FORMS & GUIDELINES





New Account Setup


CollegeAmerica 529


Traditional IRA


Roth IRA


SIMPLE IRA


Individual Account






More Forms & Guidelines






OTHER RESOURCES





Life Event Checklists


Tax Center


Forms & Literature










CONTACT US





Call


Mail


Submit Documents Online





























Forms & Literature











CLIENT ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


PRODUCTS &  SOLUTIONS


INSIGHTS


TOOLS & PRACTICE  MANAGEMENT


SERVICE CENTER


































Investments


/ The Bond Fund of America                                                ®


















BOND FUNDS


The Bond Fund of America ®
								(ABNDX)
JUMP TO A FUND 












Share Class
							


A
C
F-1
F-2
F-3
529-A
529-C
529-E
529-F-1
R-1
R-2
R-2E
R-3
R-4
R-5E
R-5
R-6





 
                                PRINT
                            
DOWNLOAD DATA

 
								ADD TO COMPARE
							

 
								ADD TO TRACKER
							












SUMMARY
RETURNS
RATINGS & RISK
HOLDINGS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
FEES & EXPENSES
RESOURCES





























Summary
		





A Core Bond Portfolio With Broad Diversification.						  
Our most diversified bond fund invests in nearly every sector of the bond market, with a focus on securities rated A or above.					





						Price at NAV 
					

$12.96					
as of 07/26/2017 (updated daily)



						Fund Assets
						(millions)
						
					

						$34,575.9
					


Portfolio Managers 
						

7					


Expense Ratio 
					

0.61%


Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet  (PDF)
					

Prospectus  (PDF)



















Returns at NAV
	




									Returns at MOP
						
	







Read important investment disclosures



0.24%
1-year return

        


2.27%
5-year return

        


3.12%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
		 
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly).

	



Read important investment disclosures



-3.51%
1-year return

        


1.49%
5-year return

        


2.73%
10-year return

        



1.80%	

		    30-day SEC Yield (Fund at MOP)
	




			Returns as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)
					. Yield as of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)

	







Asset Mix
				









U.S. Equities0.0%

Non-U.S. Equities0.0%



U.S. Bonds81.3%

Non-U.S. Bonds13.3%



Cash & Equivalents5.4%





As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).









Volatility & Return
	


VIEW LARGER CHART


Read important investment disclosures


Fixed-Income



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the 
																						 fixed income   
																				  funds
		

 ABNDX
 Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
																												   

 Other AF Funds




			Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
		
 






Fund Statistics 
			




7.1 years
Average Life 


5.2 years
Average Duration 


3.0%
Average Yieldto Maturity 


2.9%
Average Coupon 




					% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).   
		
		







Morningstar Style BoxTM— Fixed-Income













Medium Quality


Moderate Interest-Rate Sensitivity



 Morningstar data as of 6/30/17 updated quarterly.














Description





				            Objective
				        

				            The fund's investment objective is to provide as high a level of current income as is consistent with the preservation of capital.
				        



						Distinguishing Characteristics
					

Broadly diversified fixed-income fund with flexibility to respond to various bond market conditions.					



						Types of Investments
					

Primarily invests in corporate debt securities, U.S. and other government securities, mortgage-related securities and cash.					





			             Holdings Outside the U.S.
			         

May invest up to 25% of assets in fixed-income securities of corporations and government entities outside the United States.			         



			            Maturity
			        

Typically, the fund will be invested in intermediate- to long-term securities.			        



			            Portfolio Restrictions
			        

The fund generally invests at least 80% of its assets in bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities and money market instruments. At least 60% of its assets will be invested in securities rated A3/A- or better at the time of purchase (or unrated but determined by the fund’s investment adviser to be of equivalent quality). It is the fund’s current practice not to invest more than 10% of its assets in debt securities rated Ba1 and BB+ or below.			        











Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							05/28/1974

						Fund Assets (millions) As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							$34,575.9

						Companies/Issuers
						Holdings are as of 12/31/2016 (updated as of most recent fiscal year-end).

							710+

						Shareholder Accounts
						Shareholder accounts are as of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).

							1,223,218

						Regular Dividends Paid
						

							Monthly



 


						Minimum Initial Investment
						
					
							$250

						Capital Gains Paid
						

							--

						Portfolio Turnover (2016)
						
					
							363%

						Fiscal Year-End
						
					
							Dec

						Prospectus Date
						
					
							04/07/2017

						CUSIP
						
					
							097873 10 3

						Fund Number
						
					
							8












        Returns
        
    






Month-End Returns as of 6/30/17


Quarter-End Returns as of 6/30/17




ANNUAL RETURNS CHART

Returns at NAV  
	
 | 
	
at MOP			



Read important investment disclosures




 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index 















Growth of 10K
	



High & Low Prices
		            







Read important investment disclosures
For Class A Shares, this chart tracks a hypothetical investment with dividends reinvested through 12/31/2016.


VIEW LARGER CHART



 ABNDX
 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index  





For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for ABNDX through 07/26/2017.
            

 ABNDX




 






Yield
		







						12-month
					




						Distribution Rates
							




						30-day SEC Yield
							







Fund at NAV

1.78%					

							N/A   
					


Fund at MOP

1.71%					

1.80%					




As of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly).











Portfolio Management
	



LEARN ABOUT THE CAPITAL SYSTEMSM





 Years of Experience with Fund
 Years of Experience with Capital Group
 Years of Experience with Investment Industry



Pramod Atluri

19
1
1



Andrew F. Barth

32
32
7



David J. Betanzos

17
15
1



David A. Hoag

29
26
8



Fergus N. MacDonald

25
14
2



Robert H. Neithart

30
30
8



John H. Smet

35
34
28



A boldface number indicates that years of experience with Capital Group is equal to years of experience with investment industry.














Ratings & Risk




Morningstar Rating TM







Overall Morningstar RatingTM
Funds rated (856)










3-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(856 funds rated)










5-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(767 funds rated)










10-yr. Morningstar RatingTM
(540 funds rated)











Overall Morningstar Risk 


			 Above Average

HIGH
 
 
 
LOW





Category 

					Intermediate-Term Bond
				




ADVANTAGES AND DISADVANTAGES OF MORNINGSTAR RATINGS


 Ratings are based on risk-adjusted returns as of
6/30/2017						(updated monthly).








Lipper Leader Scorecard
	

Read important investment disclosures







Overall
3 yr.
5 yr.
10 yr.


Consistent Return Within Category 
Funds Rated


(422)



(422)



(382)



(287)



Expense Within Category  Funds Rated


(128)



(128)



(124)



(102)



Preservation Within Category Funds Rated



							(5783)



(5783)



(4861)



(3179)



Tax Efficiency Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)



Total Return Within Category Funds Rated


(427)



(427)



(387)



(292)





Category
Core Bond Funds







KEY

HIGHEST







LOWEST


 As of 6/30/2017 (updated monthly).







Risk Measures

For the 10 Years ending 6/30/17 (updated monthly). 


Fund

Standard Deviation 

4.35                        


Sharpe Ratio 

0.61                        










                            American Funds/Morningstar Benchmark 
As of 6/30/17 (updated monthly)





                            BBgBarc US Agg Bond TR USD
                        


R-squared 

56                        


Beta 

1.00                        


Capture Ratio (Downside/Upside) 
135/93










Quality Summary
					 
Read important investment disclosures






U.S. Treasuries/Agencies
28.7%


AAA/Aaa
29.7%


AA/Aa
4.2%


A
12.6%


BBB/Baa
16.5%


BB/Ba
2.0%


B
0.5%


CCC & Below
0.1%


Unrated
0.3%


Cash & equivalents
5.4%


% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).



 

Average Life Breakdown
	   





0-4.9 Years
44.5%


5-9.9 Years
40.3%


10-19.9 Years
1.5%


20-29.9 Years
8.1%


30+ Years
0.2%


% of net assets as of 06/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
 





Holdings





Bonds Breakdown 







Bond Details





Total bond holdings








Corporate bonds & notes
+
31.4%


Financials
7.6%


Health Care
5.1%


Energy
4.7%


Utilities
3.4%


Consumer discretionary
3.3%


Consumer staples
1.8%


Information technology
1.4%


Other corporate bonds & notes
1.3%


Industrials
1.1%


Telecommunication services
1%


Materials
0.7%









U.S. government & government agency bonds & notes
28.7%







Mortgage-backed obligations
+
21.9%


Agency
20.3%


Non-Agency
1.1%


Commercial
0.5%









Asset-backed obligations
9%







Non-U.S. government/agency securities
2.4%







Municipal securities
1.2%



% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).










Top Fixed-Income Issuers




U.S. Treasury

28.6%



Fannie Mae

8.3%



Freddie Mac

7.9%



Ginnie Mae

4.0%



Chase Issuance Trust

1.6%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).





				QUARTERLY HOLDINGS

HOLDINGS SEARCH












Geographic Breakdown 
		



Regions
					 |
							Currency Weighting  
					|
			
							Top Countries 
				










United States
81.30%


Europe
7.20%


Asia & Pacific Basin
2.40%


Other (Including Canada & Latin America)
3.70%


Cash & equivalents
5.40%



            % of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
        






Non-U.S. Dollar Denominated

2.8%
			


Japanese yen
2.3%


Mexican peso
0.1%


Euros
0.1%


Other currencies
0.3%


U.S. Dollar
97.2%


				Data as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).
			










United States
81.3%


United Kingdom
1.8%


Germany
1.5%


Canada
1.1%


Japan
1.0%

% of net assets as of 6/30/2017 (updated quarterly).












Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2017
			

















2008-2017
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS

CURRENT DAILY DIVIDENDS









2017








RecordDate
CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




Daily
01/31/17
02/01/17
$0.0181691
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.76


Daily
02/28/17
03/01/17
$0.0174214
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.82


Daily
03/31/17
04/03/17
$0.0230002
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.80


Daily
04/28/17
05/01/17
$0.0202585
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.88


Daily
05/31/17
06/01/17
$0.0184525
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.95


Daily
06/30/17
07/03/17
$0.0191101
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$12.92






2017 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.11641176


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.11641176




				 as of 7/26/17
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


0.00063423
07/26/2017


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date





Daily

01/31/2017
02/01/2017








 






 











						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00174905
07/03/2017


0.00119462
07/05/2017


0.00060210
07/06/2017


0.00067807
07/07/2017


0.00180535
07/10/2017


0.00061957
07/11/2017


0.00059981
07/12/2017


0.00062132
07/13/2017


0.00065259
07/14/2017


0.00183369
07/17/2017


0.00061809
07/18/2017


0.00060668
07/19/2017


0.00063126
07/20/2017


0.00066526
07/21/2017


0.00170955
07/24/2017


0.00063518
07/25/2017


0.00063423
07/26/2017


















Fees & Expenses





Fees
					







Annual Management Fees
0.19%


Other Expenses
0.18%


Service 12b-1
0.24%


As of each fund's most recent prospectus.







Expense Ratio



Fund
	

0.61%


Lipper 		 Core Bond
 Funds Average
	


0.81%			








Resources






			Literature for ABNDX
		




Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet
(PDF) 
05/17




Quarterly Attribution Report
(PDF) 
07/17





		Single Sheet
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Summary Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Prospectus
(PDF) 
04/17




Statement of additional information
(PDF) 
04/17





		Semi-Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
08/16





		Annual Report
	
(PDF) 
02/17




Fund Highlights
(PDF) 
05/17











            About Our Funds
        





Share Class Pricing and Breakpoints 





American Funds Portfolio Resources 





Advisor’s Guide 




Dividend Calendar 
(PDF) 




Stats Update 
(PDF) 




Resource Guide 
(PDF) 













Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Funds are managed, so holdings will change.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
The portfolio managers shown are as of the fund's most recent prospectus dated 04/07/2017.
Lipper ratings for Consistent Return reflect funds’ historical risk-adjusted returns at NAV, adjusted for volatility, relative to peers. Lipper ratings for Expense reflect funds’ expense minimization relative to peers with similar load structures. Lipper ratings for Preservation reflect funds’ historical loss avoidance relative to other funds within the same asset class. Preservation ratings are relative, rather than absolute, measures, and funds named Lipper Leaders for Preservation may still experience losses periodically; those losses may be larger for equity and mixed equity funds than for fixed income funds. Lipper ratings for Tax Efficiency reflect funds’ historical success in postponing taxable distributions relative to peers. Tax Efficiency offers no benefit to investors in tax-sheltered accounts such as 401(k) plans. Lipper ratings for Total Return reflect funds’ historical total return performance relative to peers. The Lipper ratings are subject to change every month and are based on an equal-weighted average of percentile ranks for the Total Return, Consistent Return, Preservation, Tax Efficiency and Expense metrics.
  The highest 20% of funds in each classification are named Lipper Leaders for Total Return, the next 20% receive a rating of 4, the middle 20% are rated 3, the next 20% are rated 2, and the lowest 20% are rated 1. Lipper ratings are not intended to predict future results, and Lipper does not guarantee the accuracy of this information. More information is available at www.lipperleaders.com. Lipper Leader © 2017, Thomson Reuters, All Rights Reserved.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The Morningstar Rating™ for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Past results are not guarantee of results in future periods. Morningstar Rating is for Class A only; other classes may have different performance characteristics.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
Bond ratings, which typically range from AAA/Aaa (highest) to D (lowest), are assigned by credit rating agencies such as Standard & Poor's, Moody's and/or Fitch, as an indication of an issuer's creditworthiness. If agency ratings differ, the security will be considered to have received the highest 
  of those ratings, consistent with the fund's investment policies. Securities in the Unrated category have not been rated by a rating agency; however, the investment adviser performs its own credit analysis and assigns comparable ratings that are used for compliance with fund investment policies.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Source for Lipper expense ratio comparison: Lipper, based on front-end load funds, excluding funds of funds, for the most recent fiscal year-ends available as of 06/30/2017.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.
The SEC yield reflects the rate at which the fund is earning income on its current portfolio of securities while the distribution rate reflects the fund’s past dividends paid to shareholders. Accordingly, the fund's SEC yield and distribution rate may differ.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Except for Lipper rating information, the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Currency Weighting  Short Breakdown: The fund's exposure to a specific currency before taking into consideration any forward currency contracts that may increase or decrease that currency's exposure.
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Morningstar rating: In an effort to classify funds by what they own, as well as by their prospectus objectives and styles, Morningstar developed Morningstar Categories. While the prospectus objective identifies a fund's investment goals based on the wording in the fund prospectus, the Morningstar Category identifies funds based on their actual investment styles as measured by their underlying portfolio holdings (portfolio and other statistics over the past three years).  
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
	



Read important investment disclosures

This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested



 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index     















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .











Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.








Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Tuesday, May 28, 1974) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1974), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Bond Fund of America (ABNDX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index
Lipper Core Bond Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns shown at maximum offering price (MOP) for Class A shares reflect payment of the 3.75% maximum sales charge. 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
This material is intended for use by financial professionals or in conjunction with the advice of a financial professional.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
Investing outside the United States involves risks, such as currency fluctuations, periods of illiquidity and price volatility, as more fully described in the prospectus. These risks may be heightened in connection with investments in developing countries.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate: Represents the U.S. investment-grade fixed-rate bond market.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income
 
Index 
 


Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index






				Standard Deviation as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). Annualized return as of 06/30/2017 (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for ABNDX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.








































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































