

	CARDSTAR Trademark of CardStar, Inc.. Serial Number: 85016452 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
CARDSTAR










 
Get FREE email alerts













CARDSTAR  Trademark Information
 CardStar, Inc.
Downloadable computer software for use by consumers in storing, managing and retrieving information regarding reward, club, and loyalty card programs on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software for use by consumers in locating, storing, managing, retrieving, and redeeming merchant coupons, offers, incentives and messages on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software that displays barcodes on the screens of...




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
downloadable   software   use   consumers   storing      managing   retrieving   information   regarding   reward      club      loyalty   card   programs   mobile   communication   devices   downloadable   software   use   consumers   locating       
                                    




This is a brand page for the CARDSTAR trademark by CardStar, Inc. 
                                in Waltham, MA, 02451.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CARDSTAR trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CardStar, Inc. of the CARDSTAR trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CARDSTAR trademark.
                           






On Saturday, April 17, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CARDSTAR by 
                        CardStar, Inc., Waltham, MA  02451.
                        The USPTO has given the CARDSTAR 
                        trademark serial  number of  85016452.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for CARDSTAR is 
                        
                        
                                            Robert J. English of 
                                            Cowan, Liebowitz & Latman, P.C.,  114 West 47th Street, New York NY 10036 
                                .
                            The CARDSTAR trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CARDSTAR 
                            is Downloadable computer software for use by consumers in storing, managing and retrieving information regarding reward, club, and loyalty card programs on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software for use by consumers in locating, storing, managing, retrieving, and redeeming merchant coupons, offers, incentives and messages on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software that displays barcodes on the screens of mobile communication devices to enable the barcodes to be scanned from the mobile communication device screens; downloadable computer software for accessing consumer information regarding merchants and locating merchant store locations via a global positioning system (GPS). 
                            





Word mark:
 CARDSTAR


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

5/22/2016



  Serial Number:  
85016452


  Filing Date:  
4/17/2010


 Registration Number:  
3916404 


 Registration Date:  
2/8/2011


 Goods and Services: 
Downloadable computer software for use by consumers in storing, managing and retrieving information regarding reward, club, and loyalty card programs on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software for use by consumers in locating, storing, managing, retrieving, and redeeming merchant coupons, offers, incentives and messages on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software that displays barcodes on the screens of mobile communication devices to enable the barcodes to be scanned from the mobile communication device screens; downloadable computer software for accessing consumer information regarding merchants and locating merchant store locations via a global positioning system (GPS)


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
11/23/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

CardStar, Inc.Waltham, MA  02451
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Robert J. English
Cowan, Liebowitz & Latman, P.C.
114 West 47th Street
New York NY 10036






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
1/14/2009


First Use In Commerce: 
1/14/2009





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CARDSTAR trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/22/2016
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Robert J. English


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CARDSTAR trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cardstar on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CARDSTAR 




CARDSTAR is providing Downloadable computer software for use by consumers in storing, managing and retrieving information regarding reward, club, and loyalty card programs on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software for use by consumers in locating, storing, managing, retrieving, and redeeming merchant coupons, offers, incentives and messages on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software that displays barcodes on the screens of mobile communication devices to enable the barcod....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






























 Constant Contact Acquires CardStar Inc.






























































































Small Business Trends
Events
Influencer Awards
Book Awards
Marketplace
Resource Center


RSS
Pinterest
Linked In
Google Plus
Twitter
Facebook













 
Small Business Trends
News • Resources • Advice


 










Trending:
Zoho Corporation
What Is
Twitter
Facebook

July  27, 2017








Constant Contact Acquires CardStar Inc.

Jan 27, 2012
by Marie Hernan
In Small Business Press Releases
0







0

					Shares
				

					|
				











Print This Article












Email this Article








0

						Shares
					

























Email this Article


Print This Article














WALTHAM, Mass. (Press Release – January 19, 2012) – Constant Contact, Inc., the trusted marketing advisor to more than 450,000 small organizations worldwide, has acquired privately owned CardStar Inc., the leading loyalty platform that helps shoppers stay connected to their favorite merchants. With over two million users, Boston-based CardStar is a leading developer of mobile applications that extend the use of loyalty cards and mobile coupons among consumers. The acquisition marks the latest milestone in Constant Contact’s evolution from an email marketing company to the leading provider of online marketing tools that help small businesses create and grow customer relationships. Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed.
“The CardStar loyalty platform takes advantage of the anytime, anywhere nature of mobile – making it an excellent complement to our growing suite of engagement marketing tools for small businesses. CardStar’s unique mobile application is a natural extension of our brand, bringing consumers and merchants together before, during, and after the sale to help drive repeat business,” said Gail Goodman, CEO of Constant Contact.
Constant Contact will continue to operate CardStar’s free mobile loyalty application, which is available on major mobile platforms, including iPhone®, Android®, and Blackberry®. The CardStar application consolidates membership and rewards cards on smartphones, letting consumers use a single application rather than a series of physical cards and enabling merchants to tailor mobile deals and information to their customers. Merchants can track purchase behavior to reward loyalty, simply and easily.
“For small businesses, it’s all about finding and connecting with their next customer, whether that customer is returning or brand new,” said Goodman. “Today’s consumers don’t just want – but expect – to access information and make decisions on the go, and they want to be rewarded for their support and loyalty. The CardStar mobile loyalty application lives at the intersection of these needs, letting consumers engage with businesses on the go and providing businesses with expanded opportunities for the kind of customer engagement that drives business results.”
CardStar’s employees will join the Constant Contact team, including CEO and Founder Andy Miller and CTO and Founder Danny Espinoza. Miller will serve as director of mobile products, reporting to Joel Hughes, senior vice president of strategy and corporate development. Espinoza will join Miller’s team to lead future product direction. Constant Contact’s strategy and corporate development group is based in the company’s Waltham, Mass., headquarters. “We’re thrilled to have Andy, Danny, and the CardStar team join us here at Constant Contact,” said Goodman. “The CardStar team brings us fantastic experience, and our shared innovation vision will surely support small business success.”
“We share a common goal of supporting businesses’ ability to grow by connecting with their customers,” Miller said. “We are so pleased with CardStar’s success so far. Joining forces with Constant Contact accelerates our growth path and opens up new opportunities for small businesses to take advantage of our innovations in mobile, loyalty, and consumer technology.”
About Constant Contact, Inc.
Constant Contact is revolutionizing the success formula for small organizations through affordable, easy-to-use Engagement MarketingTM tools that help create and grow customer relationships. More than 450,000 small businesses, nonprofits, and associations worldwide rely on Constant Contact to drive ongoing customer dialogs through email marketing, social media marketing, event marketing, and online surveys. All Constant Contact products come with unrivaled KnowHow, education, and free coaching with a personal touch, including award-winning customer support.

Comment ▼



2012-01-27








Advertise Here


Editor's Picks





Paydunk Launches Its Mobile Payment App






Southwest Airlines Deploys Optym's SkyMAX Software






WealthEngine and SofTrek Announce Partnership to Deliver Powerful Integrated Fundraising Solutions






Marie Hernan

RSS
Twitter 



 






Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website
 

 








Advertise Here


Subscribe


Follow @SmallBizTrends













RSS
LinkedIn
Pinterest
iTunes




Subscribe to our Newsletter





Submit







Breaking News


 
Zoho One Launched: New All in One Pricing for Zoho Apps



Small Business Spotlight


 
Spotlight: Fuzzy Math Solves Customer Experience Issues for Clients
View All






Advertise Here







Follow @smallbiztrends

Newsletter Signup








				© Copyright 2003 - 2017, Small Business Trends LLC. All rights reserved. 
				"Small Business Trends" is a registered trademark.
			

				Powered by 




 
Social Media


7 Ways to Optimize Your Facebook Marketing Strategy


10 Things the Trump Administration Can Teach You About Hiring a Social Media Pro


How to Monetize Social Media by Creating Excellent Content


Go To Social Media >




Retail Trends


Trend: How Your Business Can Profit from Sparkling Water


McDonald’s UberEATS Partnership Shows Power of Convenience


Demographics Secrets Revealed: The Ultimate Guide for Retail Marketing to 4 Generations of Shoppers


Go To Retail Trends >




Sales


NoCRM focuses on Sales Over Customer Relationships


Best 15 Tips for Increasing Sales of Your Content Marketing Service


Master the Art of Online Sales with These 20 Tips


Go To Sales >




Marketing Tips


42 Percent of Internet Users in the US Are Regular Fast Food Eaters


These 5 Violations  will Sink your Website with Google


What is Clickbait and Why Should You Be Careful Using It to Promote Your Business?


Go To Marketing Tips >




Local Marketing


Bing Rolls Out Mobile Ad Targeting – Now on Par With Google


Chinese Airbnb Competitor Shows the Power of Knowing Your Market


Snapchat’s New Custom Stories Could Revolutionize Local Marketing


Go To Local Marketing >



 
Management


7 Strategies for Better Managing Client Relationships


3 Ways To Free Up Cash and Grow Your Business


7 Parts to a Winning Business Plan


Go To Management >




Employment


Wisconsin Company Offers Optional Microchips for Employees — Would Your Business?


Talent Gap Puts Small Private Practice Doctors Offices in Tough Hiring Position


Top 10 Ways to Change Compensation Structure Without Causing Panic


Go To Employment >




Business Books


Using SEO for Growth? Stop Looking for Hacks and Aim for Domain Authority


Uncertain Winds Ahead : How We Survive Sudden and Unexpected Change


Fearless and Free: Rewriting the Code for Women and Career Success


Go To Business Books >




Book Lists


10 Essential Reads for Leaders in a Disruptive Future


Favorite Business-Related Podcasts Startup Founders Recommend


10 Essential Reads for an Unpredictable Business Future


Go To Book Lists >




Humor


The Late 70s and Early 80s Was a Difficult Time for the Firm


It’s All Fun and Games Until …


If Your Office Were the Setting for a Shakespearean Play …


Go To Humor >




Small Business Operations


3 Essential Calculators that Will Help You Do Cost Benefit Analysis for Reducing Energy


Will Biometrics Change the Way Your Business Accepts Payments?


8 Ways to Save Time in Bookkeeping


Go To Small Business Operations >



 
Product Lists


Secrets Revealed: SAP Offers Powerful Software for Your Small Business


25 Travel Accessories for Men


25 Coffee Machines That Are Great for Small Business Offices


Go To Product Lists >




Technology Trends


Defeating Cyber Attacks on Your Business Will Require Humans and Automation


Wix Releases Code – A New Custom Design Feature for Web Developers


Tomorrow’s Office May Be Expandable to Suit Your Needs — or May Not Exist at All


Go To Technology Trends >




Product Reviews


Lilac Gives Tax Help to Freelancers


Is PicMonkey A Good Alternative to Canva, Yes or No?


Smartlook Examines Customer Behavior On Your Site — With Free and Paid Options


Go To Product Reviews >



 
Economy


5 Challenges Facing Cattle Ranchers Right Now


95 Percent of Small Businesses Are Focused on Tax Relief, Survey Says


Good News for Other Exporters? U.S. Makes Deal to Sell Rice to China


Go To Economy >




Taxes


10 Tax Penalties – and How to Avoid Them


Business Owners, Want to Help the IRS Create Its New Website? It Will Only Take 7 to 9 Minutes


5 Tax Credits Only for Small Businesses


Go To Taxes >




VC & Angel Capital


New Platform Connects Investors with Entrepreneurs on Video Conference


Distributions of Outcomes and Angel Investing


Are Accelerator Funds a Better Way for Angels to Invest?


Go To VC & Angel Capital >




Small Business Loans


How Does Your State Stack Up for Small Business Loan Approval? Study Reveals More


Big Bank Lending for Small Businesses Returns to Post-Recession Highs


What is a Merchant Cash Advance and What Kind of Business Uses It?


Go To Small Business Loans >




Finance


Explore These 3 Approaches to Create Your Own Pension Fund


The Difference Between Loans, Cash Advances and Factoring


PayPal Doesn’t Have to be Hard, Read This Overview


Go To Finance >



 
Startup


Start a New Business — As a Hacker?


50 Brilliant Business Ideas for the Beach


10 Things to Know Before Investing in a Cattle Ranch


Go To Startup >




Franchise


10 Ice Cream Franchises to Beat Baskin-Robbins


How 3 New Trends will Change the Way You Approach Franchising


10 Hair Salon Franchises to Outdo Supercuts


Go To Franchise >




Handmade Business


Amazon Launches Handmade Wedding Shop


50 Handmade Business Ideas You Can Start From Home


Etsy Studio Creates Online Marketplace for Craft Supplies


Go To Handmade Business >




Green Business


Is ENERGY STAR® Worth It for Small Businesses?


Bowery Reinvents Farming for Urban Landscapes


The Ultimate Guide to Green Practices for Your Small Business


Go To Green Business >




Interviews


Rohan Gilkes of Wet Shave Club: Successful Subscription Businesses are Data-driven


Tee Rowe of America’s SBDC: Women Entrepreneurs More Risk Averse than Men, but More Focused on Planning


Austin Rohr of FinancialForce: PSA with CRM a Winning Combo in New Services Economy


Go To Interviews >




Research


U.S. Census Bureau Updates its Business Builder Tool, Here’s What’s Inside


10 Easy Ways Small Businesses Should Track Competitors


Shocker! Only 27 Percent of Marketers Use Data to Adjust Strategy


Go To Research >



 
Tools


Marketplace


Do You Qualify for a Small Business Loan?


Research Your Business




Guides


Incorporate A Business


Buying a Franchise




Templates


Social Media Calendar Template for Small Business


Getting Your Growth Rates Straight: Annual Growth And CAGR


Free Landing Page Templates


Go To Templates >




Quizzes


Find What Business Structure is Right for You




Resource Center

 
Advertise


Spotlight

 








 Looking for templates, checklists or guides?  The Small Business Resource Center has them! 

Close















Subscribe to our Newsletter





Submit














Cardstar Inc - MC LEAN, VA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



MC LEAN



Radio, Television, and Electronic Stores



Radio, Television, And Electronic Stores



                            Cardstar Inc
                                    



 





















C 


Cardstar Inc
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1616 ANDERSON RD STE 220 MC LEAN, VA 22102
Get Directions



(703) 286-0900





Business Info



 Founded 2011
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Radio, Television, And Electronic Stores
 Contacts Michael Pratt







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Cardstar Inc is located at 1616 Anderson Rd Ste 220 in Mc Lean and has been in the business of Radio, Television, And Electronic Stores since 2011. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















 CONSTANT CONTACT ACQUIRES CARDSTAR, INC. - Constant Contact Community


















































            Browse
        



















Constant Contact Community




Log In
Help










Constant Contact Community


:


All Support Forums


:


Community News


:


CONSTANT CONTACT ACQUIRES CARDSTAR, INC.






















All communityThis categorySectionUsers











cancel



turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Did you mean: 















CONSTANT CONTACT ACQUIRES CARDSTAR, INC.











 








 





 












Marissa_R



					Honored Contributor
				





‎01-19-2012
02:38 PM








Subscribe to RSS Feed




Mark as New
Mark as Read




Bookmark
Subscribe




Email to a Friend




Printer Friendly Page
Report Inappropriate Content













‎01-19-2012
02:38 PM





CONSTANT CONTACT ACQUIRES CARDSTAR, INC.; ADDS MOBILE LOYALTY TECHNOLOGY TO ITS SUITE OF ONLINE MARKETING TOOLS TO HELP SMALL BUSINESSES GROW
 
Acquisition expands company's position in three important growth areas for the company's small business customers: mobile, loyalty, and consumer

WALTHAM, Mass. - January 19, 2012

WALTHAM, Mass. - January 19, 2012 - Constant Contact®, Inc. (NASDAQ: CTCT), the trusted marketing advisor to more than 450,000 small organizations worldwide, has acquired privately owned CardStar Inc., the leading loyalty platform that helps shoppers stay connected to their favorite merchants. With over two million users, Boston-based CardStar is a leading developer of mobile applications that extend the use of loyalty cards and mobile coupons among consumers. The acquisition marks the latest milestone in Constant Contact's evolution from an email marketing company to the leading provider of online marketing tools that help small businesses create and grow customer relationships. Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed. 

"The CardStar loyalty platform takes advantage of the anytime, anywhere nature of mobile - making it an excellent complement to our growing suite of engagement marketing tools for small businesses.  CardStar's unique mobile application is a natural extension of our brand, bringing consumers and merchants together before, during, and after the sale to help drive repeat business," said Gail Goodman, CEO of Constant Contact.

Constant Contact will continue to operate CardStar's free mobile loyalty application, which is available on major mobile platforms, including iPhone®, Android®, and Blackberry®. The CardStar application consolidates membership and rewards cards on smartphones, letting consumers use a single application rather than a series of physical cards and enabling merchants to tailor mobile deals and information to their customers. Merchants can track purchase behavior to reward loyalty, simply and easily.

"For small businesses, it's all about finding and connecting with their next customer, whether that customer is returning or brand new," said Goodman. "Today's consumers don't just want - but expect - to access information and make decisions on the go, and they want to be rewarded for their support and loyalty. The CardStar mobile loyalty application lives at the intersection of these needs, letting consumers engage with businesses on the go and providing businesses with expanded opportunities for the kind of customer engagement that drives business results."

CardStar's employees will join the Constant Contact team, including CEO and Founder Andy Miller and CTO and Founder Danny Espinoza.  Miller will serve as director of mobile products, reporting to Joel Hughes, senior vice president of strategy and corporate development.  Espinoza will join Miller's team to lead future product direction.  Constant Contact's strategy and corporate development group is based in the company's Waltham, Mass., headquarters.  "We're thrilled to have Andy, Danny, and the CardStar team join us here at Constant Contact," said Goodman. "The CardStar team brings us fantastic experience, and our shared innovation vision will surely support small business success."

"We share a common goal of supporting businesses' ability to grow by connecting with their customers," Miller said.  "We are so pleased with CardStar's success so far. Joining forces with Constant Contact accelerates our growth path and opens up new opportunities for small businesses to take advantage of our innovations in mobile, loyalty, and consumer technology."

About Constant Contact, Inc.
  Constant Contact is revolutionizing the success formula for small organizations through affordable, easy-to-use Engagement MarketingTM tools that help create and grow customer relationships. More than 450,000 small businesses, nonprofits, and associations worldwide rely on Constant Contact to drive ongoing customer dialogs through email marketing, social media marketing, event marketing, and online surveys. All Constant Contact products come with unrivaled KnowHow, education, and free coaching with a personal touch, including award-winning customer support. 

Constant Contact and the Constant Contact Logo are registered trademarks of Constant Contact, Inc. All Constant Contact product names and other brand names mentioned herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Constant Contact, Inc. All other company and product names may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.

Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
  This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to, statements regarding the impact of the acquisition of CardStar on Constant Contact's business and operations, Constant Contact's plans to continue to offer CardStar's loyalty application, CardStar's status as a leading developer of mobile applications that extend the use of loyalty cards and mobile coupons among consumers, the evolving nature of Constant Contact's business model and the complementary nature of CardStar's business. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date they were first issued and were based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections as well as the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Words such as "expect," "anticipate," "should," "believe," "hope," "target," "project," "goals," "estimate," "potential," "predict," "may," "will," "might," "could," "intend, "variations of these terms or the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond Constant Contact's control. Constant Contact's actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, the company's ability to successfully integrate CardStar's offering and employees, the company's ability to attract new customers and retain existing customers, the company's dependence on the market for email marketing services for small businesses, non-profits, and associations, adverse economic conditions in general and adverse economic conditions specifically affecting the markets in which the company operates, adverse regulatory or legal developments, the company's ability to continue to promote and maintain its brand in a cost-effective manner, changes in the competitive environment, the company's ability to compete effectively, the company's ability to successfully develop and introduce new products and add-ons or enhancements to existing products, the company's ability to manage growth, the company's ability to attract and retain key personnel, the company's ability to protect its intellectual property and other proprietary rights, and other risks detailed in Constant Contact's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as well as other documents that may be filed by the Company from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Constant Contact's views as of the date of this press release. The company anticipates that subsequent events and developments will cause its views to change. Constant Contact undertakes no intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Constant Contact's views as of any date subsequent to the date of this press release. 
 








Tags:acquiresCardstar Inccouponmobile


















	
			0
		

	Votes













Comment




Share

























Marissa_R 
    












 










Back to Section





Newer Article




Older Article








 


















				
				Comment
				
			





*Name






Be sure to enter a unique name. You can't reuse a name that's already in use.







*Email






Be sure to enter a unique email address. You can't reuse an email address that's already in use.















Rich Text


HTML


Preview




















Quote





























*Word verification by reCAPTCHA






Type the characters you see in the picture above.Type the words you hear.






Get a new challenge
Get a sound challenge
Get a picture challenge
Help with word verification














		 
	



















Community Home



Knowledge & Support

All Support Forums
Just getting started with Constant Contact?
Need help with something else?
Critique My Campaign
Product News
Community News




Join the Discussion

All Discussion Forums
Conversations
Social Media Resources
Member Blog – Marketing
Virtual Workshop Discussion




Your Feedback & Ideas

All Feedback Forums
Email Campaign Experience
Other Campaign Experience
Managing Contacts
Account Settings & Billing
Reporting
Sharing on Social
Library
Support Services
General Feedback
Social Posts
Integrations
Help Center




Developer Community

Developer Community
Getting Started with API's
Developer Support – ask questions, find answers
API Enhancement Requests
Authentication and Access (ie. 401 errors!)





 Latest Articles


Q&A with The Thompson Island Outward Bound Educati...


Customer Visit - Volunteering with the Thompson Is...


Customer Success Team Introduction


Hello Constant Contact Community!


Constant Contact Community - Greetings from the Su...


 
 Archives


July 2017


May 2017


View Complete Archives


 
 Latest Comments




MattyMo

		

					on:
					Constant Contact Community - Greetings from the Su...




Caitlin_M

		

					on:
					Hello Community, I'm here to help!




Samantha_O

		

					on:
					Coming Soon: Badges to show your Community engagem...




Sue_Mc

		

					on:
					National Pet Day is April 11th, let's show our pet...




Samantha_O

		

					on:
					Exciting changes coming to the Community!




Caitlin_M

		

					on:
					Constant Contact All Star Program Overview




Samantha_O

		

					on:
					Upcoming Community Changes




Natalie_B

		

					on:
					Do You Use A Gmail Email Address As the "From" Add...




mchristo

		

					on:
					Suspended Bounce Category Overview




Nick_S.

		

					on:
					Create a great unsubscribe page


 






























 



Constant Contact Acquires CardStar, Inc.; Adds Mobile Loyalty Technology to its Suite of Online Marketing Tools to Help Small Businesses Grow | Business Wire
























































Constant Contact Acquires CardStar, Inc.; Adds Mobile Loyalty 
      Technology to its Suite of Online Marketing Tools to Help Small 
      Businesses Grow




Acquisition expands company’s position in three important growth 
      areas for the company’s small business customers: mobile, loyalty, and 
      consumer






January 19, 2012 05:00 AM Eastern Standard Time



WALTHAM, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Constant 
      Contact®, Inc. (NASDAQ: CTCT), the trusted marketing advisor to more 
      than 450,000 small organizations worldwide, has acquired privately owned 
      CardStar Inc., the leading loyalty platform that helps shoppers stay 
      connected to their favorite merchants. With over two million users, 
      Boston-based CardStar is a leading developer of mobile applications that 
      extend the use of loyalty cards and mobile coupons among consumers. The 
      acquisition marks the latest milestone in Constant Contact’s evolution 
      from an email marketing company to the leading provider of online 
      marketing tools that help small businesses create and grow customer 
      relationships. Financial details of the transaction were not disclosed.
    


      “The CardStar loyalty platform takes advantage of the anytime, anywhere 
      nature of mobile – making it an excellent complement to our growing 
      suite of engagement marketing tools for small businesses. CardStar’s 
      unique mobile application is a natural extension of our brand, bringing 
      consumers and merchants together before, during, and after the sale to 
      help drive repeat business,” said Gail Goodman, CEO of Constant Contact.
    

      Constant Contact will continue to operate CardStar’s free mobile loyalty 
      application, which is available on major mobile platforms, including 
      iPhone®, Android®, and Blackberry®. The CardStar application 
      consolidates membership and rewards cards on smartphones, letting 
      consumers use a single application rather than a series of physical 
      cards and enabling merchants to tailor mobile deals and information to 
      their customers. Merchants can track purchase behavior to reward 
      loyalty, simply and easily.
    

      “For small businesses, it’s all about finding and connecting with their 
      next customer, whether that customer is returning or brand new,” said 
      Goodman. “Today’s consumers don’t just want – but expect – to access 
      information and make decisions on the go, and they want to be rewarded 
      for their support and loyalty. The CardStar mobile loyalty application 
      lives at the intersection of these needs, letting consumers engage with 
      businesses on the go and providing businesses with expanded 
      opportunities for the kind of customer engagement that drives business 
      results.”
    

      CardStar’s employees will join the Constant Contact team, including CEO 
      and Founder Andy Miller and CTO and Founder Danny Espinoza. Miller will 
      serve as director of mobile products, reporting to Joel Hughes, senior 
      vice president of strategy and corporate development. Espinoza will join 
      Miller’s team to lead future product direction. Constant Contact’s 
      strategy and corporate development group is based in the company’s 
      Waltham, Mass., headquarters. “We’re thrilled to have Andy, Danny, and 
      the CardStar team join us here at Constant Contact,” said Goodman. “The 
      CardStar team brings us fantastic experience, and our shared innovation 
      vision will surely support small business success.”
    

      “We share a common goal of supporting businesses’ ability to grow by 
      connecting with their customers,” Miller said. “We are so pleased with 
      CardStar’s success so far. Joining forces with Constant Contact 
      accelerates our growth path and opens up new opportunities for small 
      businesses to take advantage of our innovations in mobile, loyalty, and 
      consumer technology.”
    

About Constant Contact, Inc.


Constant 
      Contact is revolutionizing the success formula for small 
      organizations through affordable, easy-to-use Engagement Marketing™ 
      tools that help create and grow customer relationships. More than 
      450,000 small businesses, nonprofits, and associations worldwide rely on 
      Constant Contact to drive ongoing customer dialogs through email 
      marketing, social media marketing, event marketing, and online surveys. 
      All Constant Contact products come with unrivaled KnowHow, education, 
      and free coaching with a personal touch, including award-winning 
      customer support.
    

Constant Contact and the Constant Contact Logo are registered 
      trademarks of Constant Contact, Inc. All Constant Contact product names 
      and other brand names mentioned herein are trademarks or registered 
      trademarks of Constant Contact, Inc. All other company and product names 
      may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.


Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements


      This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the 
      meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities 
      Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including but not limited to, statements 
      regarding the impact of the acquisition of CardStar on Constant 
      Contact's business and operations, Constant Contact’s plans to continue 
      to offer CardStar’s loyalty application, CardStar’s status as a leading 
      developer of mobile applications that extend the use of loyalty cards 
      and mobile coupons among consumers, the evolving nature of Constant 
      Contact’s business model and the complementary nature of CardStar’s 
      business. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date they 
      were first issued and were based on current expectations, estimates, 
      forecasts and projections as well as the beliefs and assumptions of our 
      management. Words such as "expect," "anticipate," "should," "believe," 
      "hope," "target," "project," "goals," "estimate," "potential," 
      "predict," "may," "will," "might," "could," "intend," variations of 
      these terms or the negative of these terms and similar expressions are 
      intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
      statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of 
      which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond Constant 
      Contact's control. Constant Contact's actual results could differ 
      materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements 
      due to a number of factors, including but not limited to, the company's 
      ability to successfully integrate CardStar’s offering and employees, the 
      company's ability to attract new customers and retain existing 
      customers, the company's dependence on the market for email marketing 
      services for small businesses, non-profits, and associations, adverse 
      economic conditions in general and adverse economic conditions 
      specifically affecting the markets in which the company operates, 
      adverse regulatory or legal developments, the company's ability to 
      continue to promote and maintain its brand in a cost-effective manner, 
      changes in the competitive environment, the company's ability to compete 
      effectively, the company's ability to successfully develop and introduce 
      new products and add-ons or enhancements to existing products, the 
      company's ability to manage growth, the company's ability to attract and 
      retain key personnel, the company's ability to protect its intellectual 
      property and other proprietary rights, and other risks detailed in 
      Constant Contact's most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with 
      the Securities and Exchange Commission as well as other documents that 
      may be filed by the Company from time to time with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of 
      future results. The forward-looking statements included in this press 
      release represent Constant Contact's views as of the date of this press 
      release. The company anticipates that subsequent events and developments 
      will cause its views to change. Constant Contact undertakes no intention 
      or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, 
      whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
      These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as 
      representing Constant Contact's views as of any date subsequent to the 
      date of this press release.
    

      (CTCT-F)
    




Contacts

Media Contact:Constant ContactErika Dornaus, 
      781-482-7039pr@constantcontact.comorInvestor 
      Contact:Constant ContactJeremiah Sisitsky, 339-222-5740jsisitsky@constantcontact.com














Release Summary
Constant Contact acquires CardStar, Inc.., the leading mobile loyalty platform that helps shoppers stay connected to their favorite merchants.






Contacts

Media Contact:Constant ContactErika Dornaus, 
      781-482-7039pr@constantcontact.comorInvestor 
      Contact:Constant ContactJeremiah Sisitsky, 339-222-5740jsisitsky@constantcontact.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Cardstar Inc 141 Tremont St Boston, MA Greeting Cards - MapQuest







































































































    Cardstar Inc
  

141 Tremont St

Boston
MA
02111




 Reviews




Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help

























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















CARDSTAR Trademark of CardStar, Inc. - Registration Number 3916404 - Serial Number 85016452 :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








CARDSTAR - Trademark DetailsStatus: 702 - Section 8 & 15-Accepted And AcknowledgedSerial Number85016452Registration Number3916404Word MarkCARDSTARStatus702 - Section 8 & 15-Accepted And AcknowledgedStatus Date2016-05-22Filing Date2010-04-17Registration Number3916404Registration Date2011-02-08Mark Drawing4000 - Standard character mark 
TypesetPublished for Opposition Date2010-11-23Attorney NameRobert J. EnglishLaw Office Assigned Location CodeM20Employee NameRINGLE, JAMES WStatementsGoods and ServicesDownloadable computer software for use by consumers in storing, managing and retrieving information regarding reward, club, and loyalty card programs on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software for use by consumers in locating, storing, managing, retrieving, and redeeming merchant coupons, offers, incentives and messages on mobile communication devices; downloadable computer software that displays barcodes on the screens of mobile communication devices to enable the barcodes to be scanned from the mobile communication device screens; downloadable computer software for accessing consumer information regarding merchants and locating merchant store locations via a global positioning system (GPS)Pseudo MarkCARD STARClassification InformationInternational Class009 - Scientific, nautical, surveying, electric, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin-operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire-extinguishing apparatus. - Scientific, nautical, surveying, electric, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin-operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire-extinguishing apparatus.US Class Codes021, 023, 026, 036, 038Class Status Code6 - ActiveClass Status Date2010-04-21Primary Code009First Use Anywhere Date2009-01-14First Use In Commerce Date2009-01-14Current Trademark OwnersParty NameCardStar, Inc.Party Type30 - Original RegistrantLegal Entity Type03 - CorporationAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Trademark Owner HistoryParty NameCardStar, Inc.Party Type30 - Original RegistrantLegal Entity Type03 - CorporationAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Party NameCardStar, Inc.Party Type20 - Owner at PublicationLegal Entity Type03 - CorporationAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Party NameCardStar, Inc.Party Type10 - Original ApplicantLegal Entity Type03 - CorporationAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.CorrespondencesNameRobert J. EnglishAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Trademark EventsEvent DateEvent Description2010-04-21NEW APPLICATION ENTERED IN TRAM2010-04-21NEW APPLICATION OFFICE SUPPLIED DATA ENTERED IN TRAM2010-04-22NOTICE OF PSEUDO MARK MAILED2010-07-26ASSIGNED TO EXAMINER2010-07-26NON-FINAL ACTION  WRITTEN2010-07-26NON-FINAL ACTION E-MAILED2010-07-26NOTIFICATION OF NON-FINAL ACTION E-MAILED2010-10-04EXAMINERS AMENDMENT -WRITTEN2010-10-04EXAMINERS AMENDMENT E-MAILED2010-10-04NOTIFICATION OF EXAMINERS AMENDMENT E-MAILED2010-10-04EXAMINER'S AMENDMENT ENTERED2010-10-04APPROVED FOR PUB - PRINCIPAL REGISTER2010-10-19ASSIGNED TO LIE2010-10-19LAW OFFICE PUBLICATION REVIEW COMPLETED2010-11-23PUBLISHED FOR OPPOSITION2010-11-23OFFICIAL GAZETTE PUBLICATION CONFIRMATION E-MAILED2011-02-08REGISTERED-PRINCIPAL REGISTER2012-04-25TEAS REVOKE/APPOINT ATTORNEY RECEIVED2012-04-25ATTORNEY REVOKED AND/OR APPOINTED2016-03-14TEAS SECTION 8 & 15 RECEIVED2016-05-22CASE ASSIGNED TO POST REGISTRATION PARALEGAL2016-05-22REGISTERED - SEC. 8 (6-YR) ACCEPTED & SEC. 15 ACK.2016-05-22NOTICE OF ACCEPTANCE OF SEC. 8 & 15 - MAILED2016-06-02TEAS REVOKE/APPOINT ATTORNEY RECEIVED2016-06-02ATTORNEY REVOKED AND/OR APPOINTED





Today on Verdict



An Attorney General Under (Friendly) Fire: Why Removing Jeff Sessions Is Beside the Point in President Trump’s War Against Robert Mueller



Illinois Law dean and professor Vikram David Amar argues, contrary to the consensus of legal pundits, that President Trump likely does not have to dispose of Attorney General Jeff Sessions in order to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













Electrical and scientific apparatus Trademarks :: Trademark Resources :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








Electrical and scientific apparatus Trademarks by Filing Date
20172016201520142013201220112010200920082007200620052004200320022001200019991998199719961995199419931992199119901989198819871986198519841983198219811980197919781977197619751974197319721971197019691968196719661965196419631962196119601959195819571956195519541953195219511950194919481947194619451944194319421941194019391938193719361935193419331932193119301929192819271926192519241923192219211920191919181917191619151914191319121911191019091908190719061905190419031902190018991897189618951893Latest Electrical and scientific apparatus Trademarks 






COCK BLOCK

Computer programs for video and computer gamesOwned by: The Kevin's Got A Gun CompanySerial Number: 87539002











SS

Cabinets for loudspeakers; Cases for smartphones; Chargers for electric batteries; Covers for personal digital assistants…Owned by: DONGGUAN HONGLUO MOLD PLASTIC PRODUCTS CO., LTD.Serial Number: 87539098











HELIX

Software and a software platform for use in storing, managing, analyzing, sharing, distributing, referencing, monitoring…Owned by: Helix OpCo, LLCSerial Number: 87539101











SAUKER

Audio speakers; Blank USB flash drives; Cases for smartphones; Cell phone battery chargers; Cell phone battery chargers…Owned by: Shenzhen Leideke E-Commerce Co., LtdSerial Number: 87539106











OTOFLY

Battery chargers; Car video recorders; Cell phone covers; Cell phones; Computer monitors; Data synchronization cables; Earphones…Owned by: Shenzhen DongfangTong Trading Co.,LtdSerial Number: 87539107











SZBOKE

Camcorders; Cameras; Dashboard cameras; Global positioning system (GPS) apparatus; Smartglasses; Smartphones; Smartwatches…Owned by: Shenzhen Feisiboke Electronic Co .,LtdSerial Number: 87539108











ALWUP

Access control and alarm monitoring systems; Audiovisual receivers; Cabinets for loudspeakers; Cables, electric; Car video…Owned by: Shenzhen Zhonghongtian Technology Co., LtdSerial Number: 87539109











KOIYO

Computer software and software applications for the purposes of web optimization and the provision of personalized internet…Owned by: Koiyo LLCSerial Number: 87539110











OSST

Audio-video receivers; Cabinets for loudspeakers; Cables, electric; Computer keyboards; Computer mouse; Computer storage…Owned by: Shenzhen Ouliante Trade Co. Ltd.Serial Number: 87539112











OSST

Audio-video receivers; Cabinets for loudspeakers; Cables, electric; Computer keyboards; Computer mouse; Computer storage…Owned by: Shenzhen Ouliante Trade Co. Ltd.Serial Number: 87539117











CG

Batteries, electric; Computer peripheral devices; Electrolysers; Integrated circuits; Interoperable communication system…Owned by: Shenzhen Changguang Technology Co.,Ltd.Serial Number: 87539120











HARMONIC BALANCE

Musical sound recordings; Musical video recordings; Compact discs featuring music; Downloadable musical sound recordings…Owned by: Harmonic Balance Productions, LLCSerial Number: 87539125











YOUGUESS

Baby monitors; Cases for smartphones; Chargers for electric batteries; Computer peripheral devices; Data processing apparatus…Owned by: Shenzhen Anhao Technology Co.,LtdSerial Number: 87539139











TOLERKO

Bicycle helmets; Breathing apparatus for underwater swimming; Children's eye glasses; Divers' masks; Diving goggles; Diving…Owned by: Tan TaoSerial Number: 87539140











Image Trademark

Computer operating system programs and utilities; computer hardware and peripherals; computer keyboards; computer mice and…Owned by: CHEETAH MOBILE INC.Serial Number: 87539141











GIXVDCU

Batteries, electric; Battery cases; Battery chargers for use with telephones; Battery packs; Cabinets for loudspeakers;…Owned by: Shenzhen Bo Lang Technology Co., Ltd.Serial Number: 87539145











AUKNUT

Earphone accessories, namely, earphone cushions, earphone pads, cord management systems, earphone cases, and earphone extension…Owned by: ZHAOQIU WUSerial Number: 87539157











THE MARK CONSISTS OF THE WORDING "INVERSION" IN STYLIZED FORM

Protection masks; Dust masks; Dust protective goggles and masks; Protecting masks; Protective face masks not for medical…Owned by: Morton, Jeffery R.Serial Number: 87539164











MOONCROWN

Cameras; Dashboard cameras; Electronic educational apparatus, namely, communication blocks that manipulate and convey information…Owned by: shenzhen quanhuazhi electronics co.,ltdSerial Number: 87539165











BEBEFUN

Bicycle helmets; Crash helmets; Goggles for sports; Helmets for bicycles; Motorcycle goggles; Protective helmets; Protective…Owned by: Sichuan xuyang decoration material Co.,LtdSerial Number: 87539167










Today on Verdict



An Attorney General Under (Friendly) Fire: Why Removing Jeff Sessions Is Beside the Point in President Trump’s War Against Robert Mueller



Illinois Law dean and professor Vikram David Amar argues, contrary to the consensus of legal pundits, that President Trump likely does not have to dispose of Attorney General Jeff Sessions in order to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














cardstar - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Cash Back Credit Cards | CreditCards.com



Ad
 ·
www.CreditCards.com



Find The Best Credit Card For You Compare Offers & Apply Online Now!





Cash Back Rewards Cards



0% APR Credit Cards




Earn Points On Travel



Balance Transfer Cards





CardStar for Android - And other products at low prices.



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



And other products at low prices. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.





Test Drive Apps



Games



Getting Started




Free Amazon Apps for Android



Kindle Fire Apps



Deals





CashNetUSA™ Official Site - Cash As Soon As Next Day!



Ad
 ·
www.cashnetusa.com/​instant/​approval



Apply from your phone or computer in only 5 minutes, 24/7. Trusted by millions.





Instant Approval Decision



Fast and Easy Application



7 Day Customer Service




Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Constant Contact Buys Mobile Loyalty Card Startup CardStar

https://techcrunch.com/2012/01/19/constant-contact-buys-mobile...


Email marketing company Constant Contact has acquired CardStar, a digital and mobile loyalty card platform. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.


cardstar | TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/tag/cardstar


Email marketing company Constant Contact has acquired CardStar, a digital and mobile loyalty card platform. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.


Cardstar Articles, Photos and Videos - AOL

https://www.aol.com/finance/tag/cardstar


Browse our collection of cardstar information for news stories, slideshows, opinion pieces and related videos posted on AOL.com.


Cardstar Coupon Ipad App Articles, Photos and Videos - AOL

https://www.aol.com/finance/tag/cardstar-coupon-ipad-app


Browse our collection of cardstar coupon ipad app information for news stories, slideshows, opinion pieces and related videos posted on AOL.com.


Constant Contact - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Constant_Contact


On January 19, they announced the acquisition of CardStar, a mobile loyalty application. ... In April 2014, Constant Contact announced the launch of Toolkit, ...


A Dozen Apps For Finding The Best Local Deals | TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/gallery/a-dozen-apps-for-finding-the-best...


A Dozen Apps For Finding The Best Local Deals. Posted Sep 1, ... CardStar offers a single place to keep all your loyalty and membership cards, ...


The dawning of the age of Pass Kit: virtual ID on the iPhone

https://www.engadget.com/2012/08/16/the-dawning-of-the-age-of-pass...


The dawning of the age of Pass Kit: virtual ID on the iPhone. ... we use a variety of loyalty and payment solutions including CardStar, Key Ring ...


It's National Coupon Month: Celebrate with savings! - AOL ...

https://www.aol.com/2010/09/03/its-national-coupon-month-celebrate...


It's National Coupon Month: Celebrate with ... clip your coupons on the iPad then you'll enjoy the new CardStar Coupon iPad app that lets you clip ...


The Most Important Factor Of Startup Success | TechCrunch

https://techcrunch.com/2014/07/28/the-most-important-factor-of...


The Most Important Factor Of Startup Success. Posted Jul 28, 2014 by Ron Miller (@ron_miller) 0 ... and a serial entrepreneur who sold his startup CardStar


Passbook is failing to live up to expectations - Engadget

https://www.engadget.com/2012/09/20/passbook-is-failing-to-live-up...


Passbook is what I've been most eager to try iOS 6. My husband teases me about poking through a wallet full of cards for different locations, and one of my ...










Cash Back Credit Cards | CreditCards.com



Ad
 ·
www.CreditCards.com



Find The Best Credit Card For You Compare Offers & Apply Online Now!





Cash Back Rewards Cards



0% APR Credit Cards




Earn Points On Travel



Balance Transfer Cards





CardStar for Android - And other products at low prices.



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



And other products at low prices. Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.





Test Drive Apps



Games



Getting Started




Free Amazon Apps for Android



Kindle Fire Apps



Deals





CashNetUSA™ Official Site - Cash As Soon As Next Day!



Ad
 ·
www.cashnetusa.com/​instant/​approval



Apply from your phone or computer in only 5 minutes, 24/7. Trusted by millions.





Instant Approval Decision



Fast and Easy Application



7 Day Customer Service




Searches related tocardstar



cardstar connect


best app for loyalty cards


cardstar backup


cardstar vs key ring



cardstar android


cardstar iphone


cardstar reviews


apps like cardstar




1234Next

Related Searches



cardstar connect


best app for loyalty cards


cardstar backup


cardstar vs key ring


cardstar android


cardstar iphone


cardstar reviews


apps like cardstar




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








