Sunworks Appoints Charles F. Cargile as Chief Executive OfficerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.54-0.91 (-0.04%)Dow 3021,580.07-31.71 (-0.15%)Nasdaq6,387.75-2.25 (-0.04%)LISTENAetna's CEO Mark Bertolini on the future of the health care systemBertolini shares how a life-threatening injury shaped his views on health care.Sunworks Appoints Charles F. Cargile as Chief Executive OfficerMarketwiredMarch 29, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareCharles F. CargileClick here for high-resolution versionMoreROSEVILLE, CA--(Marketwired - March 29, 2017) - Sunworks, Inc. (SUNW), a leading provider of solar power solutions, today announced the appointment of Charles ("Chuck") F. Cargile as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Cargile succeeds James Nelson, who has served as the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 2010. Mr. Nelson will continue as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Mr. Cargile has served as an independent director of Sunworks since September 2016. He brings more than 20 years of public company experience to Sunworks' management team including an extensive background in financial and strategic planning, operations and capital structure management, adding to an already world class solar team."We are pleased to have Chuck lead the company as we move into the next stage of our company's evolution and further scale our business to accelerate profitable growth," said Mr. Nelson. "Chuck is an accomplished, results-driven executive with more than two decades of operating experience executing corporate strategies for publicly traded companies. He has a deep understanding of our business and a strong track record of leading organizations experiencing significant growth. As CEO, Chuck will be intently focused on developing the infrastructure and organizational discipline necessary to capitalize on our exceptional growth opportunities. I am confident that under Chuck's leadership, we will continue to build upon our company's strengths and drive long-term, profitable growth and enhanced shareholder value.""During my time on the Sunworks Board, I have gained an intimate understanding of where the company is today and more importantly, where we are headed," commented Mr. Cargile. "Under Jim's leadership, Sunworks has become one of the fastest growing solar system providers in the United States. He drove the strategic scaling of the business through acquisitions and organic growth and cultivated a strong organizational culture that prioritizes customer satisfaction. I am eager to work with the outstanding Sunworks team to deliver industry leading growth in revenue, profit and cash flow."Mr. Cargile served as Chief Financial Officer of Newport Corporation, a publicly-traded global supplier of advanced-technology products and systems, for more than 16 years until the company was acquired by MKS Instruments in April 2016 for approximately $1 billion, representing a 40% premium for shareholders. At Newport, Mr. Cargile was responsible for all aspects of finance, accounting, information technology and strategic planning, including mergers and acquisitions. During his time with Newport the company grew revenue from approximately $100 million to more than $600 million. Prior to Newport, Mr. Cargile held a number of executive positions at York International Corporation and Flowserve Corporation.Mr. Cargile holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Oklahoma State University, a Master's degree in Business Administration from the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California and a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors.About Sunworks, Inc.Founded in 1983, Sunworks, Inc. has emerged as a premier provider of solar power solutions for both consumers and businesses. We're committed to quality construction practices that always exceed industry standards and uphold our ideals of ethics and safety.Today, Sunworks continues to grow its presence, expanding nationally with regional and local offices. We strive to consistently deliver high quality, performance oriented solutions for the agriculture, commercial, federal, public works, residential, and utility industries. Our dedication to excellence is reflected in our 25-year warranty, a benchmark that we stand by in order to support our customers above and beyond their expectations.Sunworks fields a diverse, seasoned workforce that includes distinguished veterans who are devoted to providing the very best customer experience. All of our employees, from technicians to executives, uphold our company's guiding principles each day. Sunworks is a member of the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) and is a proud advocate for the advancement of solar power. For more information, visit www.sunworksusa.comImage Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/28/11G134426/Images/Charles_F._Cargile-e1a470468865941a9c2a983fa4542983.jpgReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextCramer Remix: Amazon is king, whether you like it or notCNBCComing soon to Amazon: Alexa-enabled Kenmore fridges and washing machinesDigital TrendsMarissa Mayer wants 'CEO' atop her resume again after end of Yahoo, but Uber silent so far: reportSiliconBeatKeyCorp CEO Beth Mooney says economic stimulus will have 'a coiled-spring effect' on banks' capitalCNBCSoftBank CEO sees massive data, AI as key to future advancesAssociated PressTrump administration pulls health law help in 18 citiesAssociated PressShort-sellers have lost $7.1 billion betting against this year's hottest tech stocksYahoo FinanceThe pizza-making robots that want to change the worldDavid PogueAetna CEO Bertolini: How tech plays into the future of healthcareYahoo Finance VideoCall of the week: Now's the time to 'buy' ChipotleYahoo FinanceFive-Year-Old Socked With $200 Fine—For a Lemonade StandFortuneOne month after Tim Tebow's ridiculed promotion, he is on fireBusiness InsiderI tried the 'Atkins on steroids' diet for 2 months — and it made me feel invincibleBusiness InsiderAetna CEO Bertolini: Why he pays his employees to sleepYahoo Finance VideoStocks back off from record highsYahoo FinanceMary Kay Launches Beauty Industry First As Thousands Convene For U.S. SeminarPR NewswireJohn McCain Cancer Is ‘Godly Justice’ for Challenging Trump, Alt-Right ClaimsSue: This is what I don't get. What has Trump ever done or said that makes people believe he's a Christian? His three wives , five bankruptcies, foul mouth, two divorces, his lying, cheating and adultery? What?Join the Conversation1 / 58.1k












Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #d833b7e0-6e95-11e7-a02a-852b51e1482f
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #d8657640-6e95-11e7-97bb-739c01edd5b5
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          














Access to this page has been denied.














Please verify you are a human





            Please click "I am not a robot" to continue
          



            Access to this page has been denied because we believe you are using automation tools to browse the website.
          

            This may happen as a result of the following:
          


              Javascript is disabled or blocked by an extension (ad blockers for example)
            

              Your browser does not support cookies
            


            Please make sure that Javascript and cookies are enabled on your browser and that you are not blocking them from loading.
          

            Reference ID: #d890cc00-6e95-11e7-a218-35f2d1d0ce52
          





            Powered by
            PerimeterX
            , Inc.
          































 



 Charles F. Cargile Joins Board of Directors of eBridge, Inc. 
         










    










 






 











 









Charles F. Cargile Joins Board of Directors of eBridge, Inc.

Dec 02, 2010, 13:03 ET
		  		  				
									 from   eBridge, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


ENCINO, Calif., Dec. 2, 2010 /PRNewswire/ -- eBridge, Inc. announced today that Charles F. "Chuck" Cargile has joined the company's Board of Directors.
Cargile, 46, is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Newport Corporation (Nasdaq:    NEWP), a leading global supplier of advanced-technology products and systems to customers in the scientific research, aerospace and defense/security, microelectronics, life and health sciences, and precision industrial manufacturing markets.  Cargile has served as Newport's Chief Financial Officer for 10 years.  In his position at Newport Corporation he is responsible for all aspects of finance, accounting, information technology and strategic planning, including mergers and acquisitions.  In addition, Newport's global operations, including its manufacturing site in Wuxi, China, report to Cargile.
Prior to joining Newport, Cargile was Vice President of Corporate Development for York International, which is now part of Johnson Controls, where he held positions of increasing responsibility from 1998 to 2000.  Prior to York, he was with Flowserve Corporation, which develops, manufactures, and sells precision-engineered flow control equipment and provides a range of aftermarket equipment and services.  
Cargile holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Oklahoma State University and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the Marshall School Of Business at the University of Southern California.  
Kenneth F. Potashner, Chairman of the Board of Directors of eBridge, said, "Chuck Cargile brings a wealth of experience to eBridge and we are extremely pleased that he has joined the Board of Directors.  He has extensive background in strategy development, capital structures and international operations, all of which will be invaluable assets to eBridge as we continue to develop growth strategies and expand our market position."
About eBridge, Inc.
eBridge enables small businesses to make the transition from traditional yellow pages advertising to the evolving world of interactive marketing.  By combining personalized service with today's best-of-breed solutions, eBridge enhances online marketing activities for owners of small and mid-sized businesses.  eBridge's unique approach to making marketing both easy and affordable has allowed the company to achieve revenue and profit growth and industry-wide recognition from its inception in 2003 until today.  eBridge currently enrolls over 15,000 new business customers every month, and has been recognized by the Inc. Magazine 5000, America's Fastest-Growing Private Companies, the Deloitte Technology Fast 500, the fastest-growing technology companies in the United States and Canada, and the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award for outstanding growth and leadership. 
About Newport Corporation
Newport Corporation is a leading global supplier of advanced-technology products and systems to customers in the scientific research, aerospace and defense/security, microelectronics, life and health sciences and precision industrial manufacturing markets.  Newport's innovative solutions leverage its expertise in photonics technologies, including lasers, photonics instrumentation, sub-micron positioning systems, vibration isolation, optical components and subsystems and precision automation, to enhance the capabilities and productivity of its customers' manufacturing, engineering and research applications.  Newport is part of the Standard & Poor's SmallCap 600 Index and the Russell 2000 Index.
Contact:
Mark Cave, (323) 525-3900
eBridge, Inc.
or
Dan Peoples, (858) 552-8146
Makinson Cowell (US)

 SOURCE  eBridge, Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Charles Cargile - Chief Executive Officer & Director at Sunworks, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Charles Cargile
Chief Executive Officer & Director at Sunworks, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Political Donations Public Holdings 


Charles Cargile
Chief Executive Officer & Director at Sunworks, Inc.



 Overview



Age



52
                                  (Born 1965)
                                              




Notable Companies


Newport Corp.

Sunworks, Inc.




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 289 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
June 1, 2017





                        Netlist Announces Election Of Kiho Choi To Board Of Directors                    





RelSci
April 17, 2017





                        Charles Cargile is now serving in a new board position at Photon Control, Inc.                    





Marketwire (Canada)
March 29, 2017





                        Sunworks Appoints Charles F. Cargile as Chief Executive Officer                     





GlobeNewswire
December 12, 2016





                        Reed's, Inc. Announces Board Committee Appointments                    





Marketwired
November 10, 2016





                        UPDATE - Sunworks Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Abe Emard

Co-Founder at Solar United Network Inc.




James B. Nelson

Former Chairman at Sunworks, Inc.





Christopher J. Reed

Founder at REED'S, Inc.




Val M. Stalowir

Chief Executive Officer at REED'S, Inc.





Brigham S. Tomco

Director-Presidents Advancement Council at Brigham Young University - Idaho




John D. Van Slooten

Managing Partner at Intrepid Equity Partners, Inc.





C. K. Hong

Co-Founder at Netlist Inc.




Scott B. Edmonds

Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at Photon Control, Inc.





Mark J. Richardson

Former Partner at Richardson & Associates




Shane Bryan Mace

Founder at Track Utilities LLC







See 279 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 279 More 


 


 Paths to Charles Cargile



            Charles Cargile          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Charles Cargile






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Charles Cargile.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Master's Degree in Business Administration 


University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business

                  The USC Marshall School of Business is a private research and academic institution at the University of Southern California. The Marshall School began as the College of Commerce and Business Administration in 1920. The Graduate School of Business Administration was established in 1960. It is the oldest AACSB accredited school of business in Southern California.                




Bachelor of Science in Accounting 


Oklahoma State University

                  Oklahoma State University (also referred to informally as Oklahoma State, OKState, O-State, and OSU) is a land-grant, sun-grant, coeducational public research university located in Stillwater, Oklahoma, United States. OSU was founded in 1890 under the Morrill Act. Originally known as Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College (Oklahoma A&M), it is the flagship institution of the Oklahoma State University System. Official enrollment for the fall 2010 semester system-wide was 35,073, with 23,459 students enrolled at OSU-Stillwater. Enrollment shows the Freshman class of 2012 was the largest on record with 4,298 students. OSU is classified by the Carnegie Foundation as a research university with high research activity.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer & Director

                                    2017 - Current                


Sunworks, Inc.


                  Sunworks, Inc. engages in the provision of photo voltaic based power systems for the residential, commercial and agricultural markets. Through its subsidiaries, it deals with the design, arrange financing, integrate, install, and manage systems ranging in size from 2 kilowatt  for residential loads to multi megawatt systems for larger commercial projects. It provides a full range of installation services to solar energy customers including design, system engineering, procurement, permitting, construction, grid connection, warranty, system monitoring and maintenance. The company was founded by Roland F. Bryan, Mark P. Harris and Christopher T. Kleveland on January 30, 2002 and is headquartered in Roseville, CA.                




Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer & Senior Vice President

                                    2000 - 2016                


Newport Corp.


                  Newport Corp. manufactures and trades products and solutions for scientific research, microelectronics, security, life and health sciences, and industrial markets. It operates through the following segments: Photonics, Lasers, and Optics. The Photonics segment produces photonics instruments, precision positioning systems, vibration isolation systems, and optical components. The Lasers segment provides laser-based systems such as ultrafast lasers, amplifiers, diode-pumped solid state, tunable, and fiber lasers. The Optics segment offers lens assemblies, optical components, and opto-mechanical subassemblies. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                




Vice President-Finance & Corporate Development

                                    1998 - 2000                


YORK International Corp.


                  YORK International Corp. used to engineer & manufacture air condition and refrigeration products. The company used to supply heating, ventilation, air-conditioning and refrigeration (HVAC&R) systems and solutions in the United States. The company used to design, manufacture, sell and service heating, ventilation and air-conditioning systems for residential and commercial markets, gas-compression equipment for industrial processing, as well as refrigeration applications. The company was founded in 1874 and was headquartered in York, PA                




Executive Positions

                                    1992 - 1998                


Flowserve Corp.


                  Flowserve Corp. is one of the world’s leading providers of fluid motion and control products and services. Operating in 56 countries, the company produces engineered and industrial pumps, seals and valves as well as a range of related flow management services.                




Treasurer

                                    Prior                


Newport Franklin, Inc.


                  Newport Franklin, Inc. engaged in the manufacture and sale of optical filters and coatings. The company was founded in 1967 and was headquartered in Franklin, MA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    2017 - Current                  


Photon Control, Inc.

                    Photon Control, Inc. designs and manufactures a range of optical sensors and instruments to measure temperature, pressure, position and flow. It also provides engineering services for customized optical measurement systems. The company's products include optical sensors, spectrometers, focus optical flow meter and downhole pressure temperature system. Its products are used by original equipment manufacturers as well as end-users in the semiconductor, oil and gas, power, life science, and manufacturing industries. The company was founded on September 6, 1988 and is headquartered in Burnaby, Canada.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2016 - Current                  


REED'S, Inc.

                    Reed's, Inc. engages in the development, marketing, and sale of natural non-alcoholic carbonated sodas and natural foods. Its product lines include Reed's Ginger Brews, Virgil's Root Beer, Cream Sodas, Dr. Better and Real Cola, Culture Club Kombucha, China Colas, Reed's Ginger candy and ice creams, and Sonoma Sparkler and other juice based products. The company was founded by Christopher J. Reed in June 1987 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.                  




Chief Executive Officer & Director

                    2016 - Current                  


Sunworks, Inc.

                    Sunworks, Inc. engages in the provision of photo voltaic based power systems for the residential, commercial and agricultural markets. Through its subsidiaries, it deals with the design, arrange financing, integrate, install, and manage systems ranging in size from 2 kilowatt  for residential loads to multi megawatt systems for larger commercial projects. It provides a full range of installation services to solar energy customers including design, system engineering, procurement, permitting, construction, grid connection, warranty, system monitoring and maintenance. The company was founded by Roland F. Bryan, Mark P. Harris and Christopher T. Kleveland on January 30, 2002 and is headquartered in Roseville, CA.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2013 - Current                  


Netlist Inc.

                    Netlist, Inc. designs, manufactures and sells memory subsystems for the datacenter server, high performance computing, and communications markets. Its memory subsystems consist of combinations of dynamic random access memory integrated circuits, NAND flash memory, application-specific integrated circuits and other components assembled on printed circuit boards. It primarily markets and sells products to original equipment manufacturer customers. The company was founded by Jayesh Bhakta, Chun Ki Hong, and Christopher Lopes in June 2000 and is headquartered in Irvine, CA.                  




Director

                    2010 - Current                  


eBridge, Inc.

                    eBridge, Inc. operates as an internet advertising company. It provides solutions to small and mid-sized businesses. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Burbank, CA.                  





 Political Donations



$500

                  2012                


Mitt Romney








 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Charles Cargile is affiliated with
                            Sunworks, Inc., Newport Corp., YORK International Corp., Flowserve Corp., Newport Franklin, Inc., Photon Control, Inc., REED'S, Inc., Sunworks, Inc., Netlist Inc., eBridge, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













   Charles Cargile | Newport Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

Charles F. Cargile: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 12:25 AM ET
Electrical Equipment

Company Overview of Sunworks, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Charles F. Cargile  Chief Executive Officer and Director, Sunworks, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships52$58,500
Background

		Mr. Charles F. Cargile, also known as Chuck, has been the Chief Executive Officer of Sunworks, Inc. since April 3, 2017. Mr. Cargile has been an Executive Advisor to MKS Industries since July 2016. Mr. Cargile served as the Chief Financial Officer of Newport Corp. since October 2000 until July 2016 and served as its Treasurer since April 2013 until April 2016. He served as Senior Vice President of Newport Corp. since July 2004 and served as its Treasurer from February ... 2005 to April 2010. He joined Newport Corp., in October 2000 and served as its Vice President since October 2000. He served as Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller of BW/IP International Inc. since 1996. Mr. Cargile served as Director of Corporate Accounting of BW/IP Inc. from March 1996 to December 1996 and Manager of Operations and Financial Analysis from 1992 to March 1996. He served as Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development for York International Corporation from 1998 to 2000. He joined York in November 1998 and served in a number of executive positions, including Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer, until his promotion to Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development in February 2000. He served as Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer of BW/IP Inc. (now Flowserve Corporation), holding company of BW/IP International Inc. from 1992 to November 1998. He has an extensive background in financial and strategic planning, public company mergers and acquisitions (M&A), operations, information technology and capital structure management. He has 25 years of public company experience. He has been Director of Photon Control Inc. since March 31, 2017. He has been a Director of Sunworks, Inc. since September 2, 2016. He has been a Director of Netlist Inc. since August 2013 and serves as its Lead Independent Director. He has been a Director of Reed's, Inc. since November 29, 2016. He has been a Director of Ebridge, Inc. since December 2, 2010. He has a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors. Mr. Cargile holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Oklahoma State University and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the Marshall School Of Business at the University of Southern California.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1030 Winding Creek RoadRoseville, California 95678United StatesPhone: 916-409-6900Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2010-PresentDirectorEbridge, Inc.2013-PresentLead Independent DirectorNetlist, Inc.2016-PresentDirectorReed's, Inc.2016-PresentChief Executive Officer and DirectorSunworks, Inc.2017-PresentDirectorPhoton Control Inc.
Education
MBA University of Southern CaliforniaBS Oklahoma State University
Other Affiliations
York International CorporationNewport Corp.BW/IP International Inc.University of Southern CaliforniaPhoton Control Inc.Reed's, Inc.Oklahoma State UniversityNetlist, Inc.Ebridge, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$8,500Total Calculated Compensation$58,500




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Sunworks, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Sunworks Appoints Charles F. Cargile as Chief Executive Officer - MarketWatch

















































Bulletin






Investor Alert























press release


					March 29, 2017, 7:10 a.m. EDT
				
Sunworks Appoints Charles F. Cargile as Chief Executive Officer
























Mar 29, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) --
ROSEVILLE, CA--(Marketwired - March 29, 2017) - Sunworks, Inc.                 

/quotes/zigman/67386746/composite SUNW
+1.98%


, a leading provider of solar power solutions, today announced the appointment of Charles ("Chuck") F. Cargile as Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Cargile succeeds James Nelson, who has served as the Company's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 2010. Mr. Nelson will continue as Chairman of the Board of Directors.


                                        








Mr. Cargile has served as an independent director of Sunworks since September 2016. He brings more than 20 years of public company experience to Sunworks' management team including an extensive background in financial and strategic planning, operations and capital structure management, adding to an already world class solar team.


                                        








"We are pleased to have Chuck lead the company as we move into the next stage of our company's evolution and further scale our business to accelerate profitable growth," said Mr. Nelson. "Chuck is an accomplished, results-driven executive with more than two decades of operating experience executing corporate strategies for publicly traded companies. He has a deep understanding of our business and a strong track record of leading organizations experiencing significant growth. As CEO, Chuck will be intently focused on developing the infrastructure and organizational discipline necessary to capitalize on our exceptional growth opportunities. I am confident that under Chuck's leadership, we will continue to build upon our company's strengths and drive long-term, profitable growth and enhanced shareholder value."


                                        








"During my time on the Sunworks Board, I have gained an intimate understanding of where the company is today and more importantly, where we are headed," commented Mr. Cargile. "Under Jim's leadership, Sunworks has become one of the fastest growing solar system providers in the United States. He drove the strategic scaling of the business through acquisitions and organic growth and cultivated a strong organizational culture that prioritizes customer satisfaction. I am eager to work with the outstanding Sunworks team to deliver industry leading growth in revenue, profit and cash flow."


                                        








Mr. Cargile served as Chief Financial Officer of Newport Corporation, a publicly-traded global supplier of advanced-technology products and systems, for more than 16 years until the company was acquired by MKS Instruments in April 2016 for approximately $1 billion, representing a 40% premium for shareholders. At Newport, Mr. Cargile was responsible for all aspects of finance, accounting, information technology and strategic planning, including mergers and acquisitions. During his time with Newport the company grew revenue from approximately $100 million to more than $600 million. Prior to Newport, Mr. Cargile held a number of executive positions at York International Corporation and Flowserve Corporation.


                                        








Mr. Cargile holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Oklahoma State University, a Master's degree in Business Administration from the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California and a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors.


                                        








About Sunworks, Inc.


                                        








Founded in 1983, Sunworks, Inc. has emerged as a premier provider of solar power solutions for both consumers and businesses. We're committed to quality construction practices that always exceed industry standards and uphold our ideals of ethics and safety.


                                        








Today, Sunworks continues to grow its presence, expanding nationally with regional and local offices. We strive to consistently deliver high quality, performance oriented solutions for the agriculture, commercial, federal, public works, residential, and utility industries. Our dedication to excellence is reflected in our 25-year warranty, a benchmark that we stand by in order to support our customers above and beyond their expectations.


                                        








Sunworks fields a diverse, seasoned workforce that includes distinguished veterans who are devoted to providing the very best customer experience. All of our employees, from technicians to executives, uphold our company's guiding principles each day. Sunworks is a member of the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) and is a proud advocate for the advancement of solar power. For more information, visit         www.sunworksusa.com









Image Available:         http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/28/11G134426/Images/Charles_F._Cargile-e1a470468865941a9c2a983fa4542983.jpg









Investor Relations:
Rob Fink/John Roginski
Hayden IR
646-415-8972 / 570-569-2479 
rob@haydenir.com / john@haydenir.com


                                        








© 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved.
                    



/quotes/zigman/67386746/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
SUNW




Sunworks Inc.


                US
                
                    : U.S.: Nasdaq
                
            




$
2.06



+0.04
+1.98%




Volume: 288,828
July 21, 2017 4:00p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend YieldN/A




Market Cap$45.33 million
Rev. per Employee$327,232





 









 





































Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






The reason Jack Bogle doesn’t fly first class says everything about his investing legacy






3.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






4.






If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich






5.






4 Luxury Pool Floats to Class Up Your Instagram








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




12:25 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





























































	Netlist Inc. - Company - Board of Directors




































Search Site









Contact
Careers
Support











Home»Company»Board of Directors






















Overview
Resources







C.K. Hong
,


,






Chun K. Hong is one of the founders of Netlist and has served as president, chief executive officer and director since our inception. He assumed the title of chairman of the Board of Directors in 2004. Prior to Netlist, Mr. Hong was president and chief operating officer of Infinilink Corp., a communications software company based in Irvine, CA. Prior to that, he was executive vice president of Viking Components, Inc., a memory manufacturing company based in RSM, CA. From 1983 to 1998, Mr. Hong held various management positions at LG subsidiaries in South Korea and in the U.S. He received a B.S. degree in economics from Virginia Commonwealth University and an M.S. degree in technology management from Pepperdine University's Graduate School of Management. As one of the founders and a semiconductor industry veteran, Mr. Hong brings to the Board extensive knowledge of the organization, our markets and our customers.






Charles F. Cargile
,


,






Charles F. Cargile joined the Netlist Board in August 2013. He currently serves as Chief Executive Officer of Sunworks, Inc., a leading provider of solar power solutions. From 2000 to June 2016, Mr. Cargile was Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Newport Corporation a global supplier of advanced-technology products and systems. MKS Instruments acquired Newport Corporation in April of 2016. While at Newport, Mr. Cargile was responsible for all aspects of finance, accounting, information technology and strategic planning, including acquisitions and divestitures. Prior to Newport, Mr. Cargile held a number of executive positions at York International Corporation and Flowserve Corporation. Mr. Cargile holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from Oklahoma State University and a Master's degree in Business Administration from the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California. Mr. Cargile brings more than 25 years of industry experience to Netlist’s Board of Directors. Mr. Cargile has an extensive background in strategic development, capital structures and international operations.  Mr. Cargile has a Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors.






Blake A. Welcher
,


,






Blake A. Welcher joined the Netlist Board in August 2013. Prior to the sale of DTS in December 2016, he served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of DTS, Inc., a NASDAQ public company and had been a member of the Company’s executive team since March 2000. As General Counsel, Intellectual Property, at DTS, he managed the licensing operations and was instrumental in building key assets that have led to DTS’ success. Mr. Welcher led the Company’s legal licensing functions, collaborated with key partners and worked to establish DTS, Inc. as a global name in consumer electronics. Mr. Welcher holds a bachelor’s degree in Aeronautical Engineering from California Polytechnic State University at San Luis Obispo, a Juris Doctorate and Masters of Intellectual Property degree from Franklin Pierce Law Center (University of New Hampshire School of Law) and is a US licensed Patent Attorney. Mr. Welcher brings more than 20 years of industry experience to Netlist’s Board of Directors with his extensive background in worldwide licensing operations, corporate governance, risk management, intellectual property and legal affairs.






Jun S. Cho
,


,






Jun Cho joined the Netlist Board in November 2014. He brings a considerable legal background to the Netlist’s Board of Directors, as General Counsel to Fiat Chrysler Asia Pacific and Vice President and Assistant General Counsel to Chrysler Group LLC. He has more than 16 years of experience as legal counsel for the Chrysler Group and over 10 years of experience in the Asia Pacific region heading up Fiat Chrysler's initiatives in technology licensing, product distribution, M&A transactions and joint ventures, from his bases in Beijing and Shanghai. Prior to Chrysler, Mr. Cho specialized in international financing and corporate transactions working for global-reaching law firms including Debevoise & Plimpton in New York, Kim & Chang in Seoul, Korea and Arnold & Porter in Washington D.C. Mr. Cho holds a J.D. degree from the New York University School of Law and is admitted to the bar in the state of New York and in Washington D.C. He received his undergraduate degree in economics from the College of William and Mary.






Jeff Benck
,


,






Jeff Benck joined the Netlist Board of Directors in June 2016.  He is currently President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of Lantronix, a global IoT solutions provider. Prior to joining Lantronix, he served as President and CEO of Emulex and prior to that, President and COO of QLogic.  Benck began his career at IBM and for 18 years, held various executive leadership roles including Vice President of xSeries, BladeCenter and Retail Store Solutions development.  Benck holds a Masters of Science degree in management of technology from University of Miami and a Bachelors of Science degree in mechanical engineering from Rochester Institute of Technology.  He is also a distinguished inventor in the computer systems field and holds six U.S. patents.  Mr. Benck brings to Netlist’s Board of Directors a track record of leadership and breath of expertise spanning technology development, intellectual property management and customer engagement.






Kiho Choi
,


,







Kiho Choi joined the Netlist Board in May 2017.  In 2005, Mr. Choi established Choi, Kim & Park, LLP (“CKP”), the largest Korean American full service CPA firms in the U.S., and is currently the Managing Partner of CKP. In this role, Mr. Choi is responsible for directing the SEC and international company audit service and the management and financing consulting practices of the firm. Mr. Choi began his public accounting career in 1989 in the Assurance and Consulting Division of Watkins, Meegan, Drury & Co, LLC in Washington D.C. As director in charge of resolution services division, Mr. Choi had responsibility for auditing banks and government contractors and worked closely with the Resolution Trust Corporation and FDIC. In 1995, Mr. Choi joined Kim & Lee, LLP, as a partner responsible for the firm’s audit and consulting practice. Mr. Choi is a graduate of the University of Illinois, at Chicago, receiving both a Bachelor’s and Master’s of Science degrees in Accounting.  Mr. Choi brings to Netlist’s Board of Directors his significant accounting and financial expertise, as well as his extensive senior management experience.










Committees






Audit Committee
Compensation Committee
Nominating and Corporate
                 Governance Committee



Charles Cargile
            













Blake Welcher
            











Jun Cho
            











Jeff Benck
            










Kiho Choi












  = Chair 
  = Member 












Use Cases

Application Use Cases




Company

About Netlist
Management Team
Board of Directors
Corporate Responsibility
Contact
Careers
Support




Products

Non Volatile Memory
Embedded Flash
Specialty DIMMs
Storage Class Memory




Innovation

Innovation 




Media

In the News
Events





© 2017 Netlist. All Rights Reserved.



Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5























Charles Franks Cargile - Irving, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Charles Franks Cargile in Irving, TX


Charles Franks Cargile

                                                                           Intelius found that Charles Franks Cargile  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Irving, TX.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                5 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Charles Franks Cargile is in his 50s

Charles Has Lived In

Irving, TX
Torrance, CA
Redondo Beach, CA

Charles's Relatives

Angela Young
Timothy Cargile
Thomas Cargile
Claudia Cargile







Charles Franks Cargile



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Corporate Controller Chief Accounting Officer at Flowserve Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Charles? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Charles, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Charles Franks Cargile
Get a Criminal Check on Charles Franks Cargile
Get a Public Record Report on Charles Franks Cargile
Get a People Search Report on Charles Franks Cargile


Charles Franks Cargile's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Charles Franks Cargile has lived as well as Charles Franks Cargile's phone numbers and email addresses.




Charles Franks Cargile Has Lived in 4 States
Texas Address for Charles Franks Cargile


222 L** C****** B*** W 

Irving, TX


Has Lived In

Irving, TX
Torrance, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Charles Franks Cargile

(949) ***-**** - Newport Coast, CA 
(949) ***-**** - Newport Coast, CA 
(972) ***-**** - Irving, TX 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Charles Franks Cargile

e************e@***.com


Get Email Report




Charles Franks Cargile's Professional Information
Information regarding Charles Franks Cargile's professional history.  Find out previous places Charles Franks Cargile has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Charles Franks Cargile Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Flowserve Corporation
               Title: Corporate Controller Chief Accounting Officer
Charles Franks Cargile's Experience
Title: Corporate Controller Chief Accounting Officer
               Company: Flowserve Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Charles Franks Cargile

 See Charles Franks Cargile's LinkedIn Profile



Charles Franks Cargile's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Charles Franks Cargile


Charles Franks Cargile's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Charles Franks Cargile's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Charles Cargile
Username Matches

                  CharlesCargile
                  CargileCharles
                  Charles.Cargile
                  Cargile.Charles
                  Charles_Cargile
                  Cargile_Charles
                  Charles-Cargile
                  Cargile-Charles
                  CCargile
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
C Cargile







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.



























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















