




Joseph Carrabba Speaking Fee & Booking Agent Contact






































































call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532













 


















call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532    
 



About Us
Speaking Engagements
Appearances
Endorsements
Blog
Recent Bookings
Contact


















 

 




­ 



Home >
				Business Speakers >
				Joseph Carrabba
		

Joseph Carrabba Speaker Profile






 Business Speakers




 

Business Speakers, CEO Speakers, 
Fee Range: Call for Booking Fee
Travels From:  >

          Available Upon Request

          
          

          
          
						










Available For: 
												Corporate Appearances, Speaking Engagements, Autograph Signings, Endorsements, Meet & Greets and Keynote Speeches 					 

Joseph Carrabba Booking Agent Information
Contact Celebrity Talent Promotions now at 1-888-752-3532 to book Joseph Carrabba for a guest appearance, motivational keynote speech, grand opening, autograph signing, product announcement, employee gathering, endorsement or speaking engagement. Our booking agents work on your behalf to get your organization the best price for your desired celebrity.
Booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with booking speakers such as Joseph Carrabba for speaking engagements or appearances. Our agents have years of experience booking Business Speakers, CEO Speakers and can provide availability, fees and all costs associated with hiring Joseph Carrabba for your next corporate event. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for Joseph Carrabba call us at 1.888.752.3532.
Joseph Carrabba Biography

Mr. Joseph A. Carrabba, Joe has been the Chairman of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (formerly, Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.) of Renewafuel LLC since May 8, 2007, Chief Executive Officer since September 2006 and President since May 8, 2005. Mr. Carrabba is responsible for all operations of Cliffss and ...
>>Read More 


Mr. Joseph A. Carrabba, Joe has been the Chairman of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (formerly, Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.) of Renewafuel LLC since May 8, 2007, Chief Executive Officer since September 2006 and President since May 8, 2005. Mr. Carrabba is responsible for all operations of Cliffss and for all Operational Support functions such as technical services and Supply-Chain Management. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Newmont Mining Corp. from 2006 to 2007, President from 2005 to 2007 and Chief Operating Officer from 2005 to 2006. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Portman Ltd. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. since May 3, 2005. Mr. Carrabba joined Cliffs from Rio Tinto, where he served for 22 years in a variety of leadership capacities at locations worldwide including the United States, Asia, Australia, Canada, and Europe. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Rio Tintos Diavik Diamond Mines Inc., in Canadas Northwest Territory from 2003 to 2005. He served as the General Manager of the Weipa Bauxite Operation at Comalco Aluminum. He serves as the Chairman of Cliffs Asia-Pacific Pty Limited. He serves as the Chairman of Portman Ltd. and has been its Director since September 1, 2006. He has been a Director of Newmont Mining Corp. of Canada Ltd. since June 4, 2007. He has been an Independent Director of Newmont Mining Corp. since 2007. He has been a Director at Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. since May 9, 2006 and KeyCorp since November 18, 2009. Mr. Carrabba serves as a Director of the Mineral Information Institute. He serves as a Board Member of Clevelands University Hospitals. He served as a Director of Newmont Mining Corp. since June, 2007. Mr. Carrabba earned his Bachelors Degree in Geology from Capital University and his MBA from Frostburg State University in Maryland.
Business Speakers such as a Joseph Carrabba have been taking the stage and entertaining crowds for decades. The booking agents at Celebrity Talent Promotions can assist with Joseph Carrabba speaking engagements or appearances. We have years of experience in booking Business Speakers for keynote speeches and autograph signings. Hiring a Business Speaker like Joseph Carrabba is not a hard process. Our agents can provide availability, fees and all costs associated in bringing out a successful Business Speakers to your next corporate event. We can find Joseph Carrabba’s agent to make this booking happen. A Joseph Carrabba appearance will add energy to your upcoming event and reward employees, customers and clients. Most likely, fans and corporations can find Joseph Carrabba‘s official website, charity involvement, Twitter account, representation, publicist and management info at https://www.celebritytalentpromotions.com. If your company is interested in finding out booking fees and availability for hiring a speaker, celebrity or Joseph Carrabba for an appearance, autograph signing, endorsement or speaking engagement, call us at 1.888.752.3532 or fill out the booking form below













	     			﻿			  	Joseph Carrabba  Speaking Videos









Disclaimer:
Some parts of the celebrities' biography may be used from Wikipedia, used under the GNU Free Documentation License. CelebrityTalentPromotions.com acts only as an celebrity broker for corporate functions, private events and speaking engagements, and does not claim or represent itself as Joseph Carrabba's agent, speakers bureau, manager, publicist, assistant, PR firm or management company. Celebrity Talent Promotions is a Celebrity booking agency representing organizations seeking to hire motivational speakers, athletes, celebrities and corporate entertainment for private corporate events, celebrity endorsements, personal celebrity appearances, spokes person campaigns and speaking engagements. Joseph Carrabba's booking and appearance fees, costs and prices on this website are estimates and only act as a guideline. Booking fees are determined by several factors, including location of event, the celebrities schedule, desired duties, supply and demand and other market factors. Bios on this site are for informational purposes 















Check Availability


Fill out our form to get more information
on celebrity booking fees and availability






Fee Range:Please Select$2,500-$5,000$5,000-$10,000$10,000-$20,000$20,000-$30,000$30,000-$50,000$50,000-$100,000$100,000 and UpNot Sure



 
Search Other Talent:



Search Talent:


 By Category 
Accountant
Activists
Actors
Actresses
Addiction Speaker
Adventurers & Explorer
Advertising
Advertising Speakers
Aerospace
Agriculture
Analyst
Animal Speaker
Anthropologist
Architect
Architecture & Design Speakers
Artist
Arts & Sciences
Astronauts
Astrophysicist
Athlete
Attorney
Authors
Auto Racing
Aviation Speaker
Banking
--Baseball
Behavior Expert
Black Heritage
Blogger
Boxing
Broadcasters
Broadcasting Speakers
Broadway Stars
Business Advisor
Business Coach
Business Executive
Business Growth
Business Leaders
Business Referral
Business Speakers
Business Trainer
Cancer Speakers
Celebrity Chefs
Celebrity DJ
Celebrity Headliners
Celebrity Personalities
CEO Speakers
Children's Rights Advocate
Christian Speakers
Classic TV Star
Coaching
Comedians
Commentator
Communication Speakers
Community Leader
Computer Graphics
Computers
Conflict Resolution
Conservative Speaker
Consulting
Corporate Responsibility
Creativity Speaker
Critic
Customer Service
Cybersecurity
Dancer
Design
Designer
Developer
Digital Marketing
Digital Strategist
Diplomat
Director
Diversity Speakers
Doctor
Documentary Producer
E-Commerce
Economics
Editor
Education Speakers
Empowerment Speaker
Engineering
Entertainers
Entertainment
Entrepreneur Speakers
Environmental Speakers
Ethics & Integrity
Extreme Sports
Fashion Designers
Fashion Speaker
Featured Business Speakers
Featured Celebrities
Featured Celebrity Chefs
Featured Comedians
Featured Overall Speakers
Featured Technology Speakers
Featured TV Personalities
Female Hollywood Celebrities
Female Speakers
Figure Skating
Filmmaker
Financial Speakers
Fitness Experts
Fitness Speaker
Foods
Football Celebrities
Footballs
Foreign Policy Speakers
Futurist
Gender and Sexuality Speakers
Generation Issues
Global Issues
Golf
Government Officials
Government Speaker
Graphic Design
Green Speakers
Growth Leader
Hall of Famers
Health & Wellness Speakers
Healthcare
Heroes
Hispanic Heritage
Historian
Hockey
Home and Garden
Homeland Security and Terrorisms
Horse Racing
Hospitality
Host
Host Emcee
Hot Celebrity
Human Resource Speaker
Human Resources
Human Rights
Illusionist
Information Technology
Innovation Speakers
Inspirational Speakers
International Business Speakers
International Relations
Internet / Youtube Sensations
Internet Security
Internet Speaker
Inventor
Investments
Jewish Speakers
Journalist
Judicial System Speaker
Keynote Speaker
Language and Linguistics
Law Enforcement
Leadership Speakers
Legal Speakers
Liberal Speakers
Life Coach
Lifestyle Speakers
Magician
Male Hollywood Celebrities
Marketing Speakers
Marketings and Brandings
Media Speakers
Medical Speakers
Mental Health
Military
Ministry Speaker
Missionary
Models
Motivational Speakers
Musician
Negotiation
Networking
News Anchor
Non Profit Speakers
Nonprofit Fundraising
Nutrition Speakers
Olympic Athletes
Pediatrics
Personal Development
Personal Finance
Personal Growth Speaker
Philanthropist
Philosopher
Photographer
Pilot
Poet
Political Speakers
Producers & Directors
--Professor
Programming
Psychology Speakers
Public Policy
Public Relations
Public Speaking
Publishing
Real Estate Speakers
Reality TV Stars
Record Label Producer
Relationship Speakers
Religion
Religious Speaker
Reporter
--Researcher
Sales Speakers
Scholar
Science & Engineering
Security Expert
Seminar Speakers
Sex Expert
Skateboarders
Skiing
Small Business Speakers
Soccer Celebrities
Social Media Speakers
Software Engineer
Spanish Culture
Sports
Sports Broadcasters
Sports Figures
Sports Inspiration
Sports Motivation
Strategist
Stuntman
Success
Supreme Court Justice
Sustainability
Swimmers and Divers
Swimming
Talent Agent
--Teacher
Teamwork and Teambuildings
Technology Speakers
Television Personalities
Tennis Player
Therapist
Top Technology Speakers
Top10 Business Speakers
Top10 Celebrity Chefs
Top10 Comedians
Top10 Technology Speakers
Top10 TV Personalities
TV Personalities
University Speakers
Venture Capitals
Vice President of a Business
Violence Speaker
Viral Marketing
Web Developer
Wine Enthusiast and Educator
Women Speakers
Women's Health
Women's Rights
Women's Speaker
Writer
Writers and Journalists
Youth Outreach
YouTube Sensations




 By Fee 
 Call for Booking Fee 
$5,000-$10,000
$10,000-$20,000
$20,000-$30,000
$30,000-$50,000
$50,000-$100,000
$100,000 and Up


 






Questions About Booking?

Speak to our 
Live Booking Agents
call to book a celebrity 
 1.888.752.3532



Similar Talent and Speakers


 
John Fitzsimons
CEO Camara Ireland Ireland




 
John F. Welch
Founder, Jack Welch Management Institute Former Chairman and CEO General Electric




 
John Ellis
CEO and Owner Crescent Interactive




 
John Egan
CEO, Sandbox




 
John Fallon
CEO, Pearson




>>View More Speakers





 


Start Your Celebrity Booking Request Now







 
  
 
 


 








 


	Cliffs CEO Carrabba to leave Cleveland mining company by year's end | 						cleveland.com










































































Cleveland.com




















Back to Main Menu

Close

Customize Your Weather

Set Your Location:

Enter City and State or Zip Code





Congratulations!
Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time.





AccuWeather.com Quick Look

Change your current location »

View Full Weather Report










Search











Search Cleveland.com





Account
Sign In





Close


Sign in toCleveland.com






You are signed in as



Edit
Public Profile
Sign Out









Subscribe






The Plain Dealer
Sun News
Media Insider Rewards




















comments






Cliffs CEO Carrabba to leave Cleveland mining company by year's end



carrabba.jpg
        
            Joseph Carrabba, CEO, president and chairman of international mining company Cliffs Natural Resources, is stepping down by the end of 2013. A search is on for a successor to lead the Cleveland-based Fortune 500 company. 
        
        
            
                (Joshua Gunter/The Plain Dealer)



Print
Email


Alison Grant, The Plain Dealer

	



	



By

	
		
	
		
			
	
		
	
	
	
	
	Alison Grant, The Plain Dealer

The Plain Dealer
 Email the author | Follow on Twitter
on July 09, 2013 at  7:42 PM
	








 comments

















Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. announced this afternoon that Joseph Carrabba will retire as president and chief executive officer by Dec. 31.
Laurie Brlas, president of global operations and the company's former chief financial officer, has retired and will leave immediately, Cliffs said.
James Kirsch, who is lead director of Cliffs' board, has been elected as non-executive chairman of the board, taking that position immediately, replacing Carrabba as chairman.
Cliffs also said its board has elected Mark Gaumond, 62, former senior vice chair of Ernst & Young's Americas division, as a new director.
Also today, Cliffs declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per share. The dividend will be payable Sept. 3 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on Aug. 15.
The Cleveland-based company has struggled with a softer Chinese construction market, cutting into its seaborne ore sales. Cliffs idled iron ore mines in Michigan and Minnesota and also announced in November it would postpone expansion of its Bloom Lake mine in Canada.
In June, Cliffs said it was putting the brakes on development of a chromite deposit in remote northern Ontario that it acquired three years ago.
Cliffs said it was halting environmental work on the project for now because of unresolved issues that include funding of a 300-mile road to the mine, approval of a Cliffs environmental analysis, and negotiations with Ontario officials and First Nation tribes whose traditional lands are in the region of the mine.
Cliffs' shares have dropped 53 percent this year. They closed Tuesday at $16.39, up $0.43, or 2.7 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Cliffs said Carrabba will continue to serve as president and chief executive and a director of the company until a successor has been elected, after which point he will also step down from the board. The company hired executive search firm Heidrick & Struggles to help identify CEO  candidates. 
Carrabba joined Cliffs in 2005 as chief operating officer and became CEO in 2006. Under his leadership, the company in 2011 bought Thompson Consolidated Iron Mines in Canada for $4.2 billion, including debt. Cliffs wrote down the value of the Thompson assets by $1 billion in the fourth quarter.
To smooth the leadership transition, Cliffs has formed an "office of the chairman," led by Kirsch. 
"It has been a privilege to lead this great company over the last eight years. I am proud of the global operational footprint we have established and believe now is the right time to begin this leadership transition," Carrabba said in a statement.
Kirsch thanked Carrabba for his dedication to Cliffs over the last eight years, and said the company looked forward to his continued leadership during the transition.
"We are committed to improving our operating performance and increasing our competitiveness in challenging market conditions as we work to create value for our shareholders," Kirsh said.
The company reports its second quarter financial results after the U.S. market close on July 25. 



































Top Workplaces


Top Workplaces 2017

View the entire 2017 list

A glimpse of top winners
Top Workplaces survey methodology
Northeast Ohio's top places to work dating back to 2010
Millennial values redefining companies
These NE Ohio employers are hiring


More Top Workplaces »



Business Features






Northeast Ohio business and networking events







Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news







ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams








Active Discussions




Most Read














Business news in your inbox
Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri.
Leave this field blank 
 
optional



Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information.

See our privacy policy


Thank you for your subscription
We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com.  To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here.



































Joseph A. Carrabba: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 3:29 PM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Cliffs Michigan Biomass, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Joseph A. Carrabba  Chairman of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc, CEO of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc and President of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc, Cliffs Michigan Biomass, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 12 different industries.See Board Relationships64--
Background

		Mr. Joseph A. Carrabba, also known as Joe, served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., from September 2006 to December 31, 2013 and served as its President from May 8, 2005 to November 18, 2013. Mr. Carrabba served as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Newmont Mining Corp. from 2006 to 2007, President from 2005 to 2007 and Chief Operating Officer from 2005 ... to 2006. Mr. Carrabba served as the Chief Executive Officer of Cliffs Asia Pacific Iron Ore Holdings Pty Ltd. He served as the Chief Operating Officer of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. from May 3, 2005 to September 2006. Mr. Carrabba joined Cliffs from Rio Tinto, where he served for 22 years in a variety of leadership capacities at locations worldwide including the United States, Asia, Australia, Canada and Europe. He served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of Rio Tinto's Diavik Diamond Mines Inc., in Canada's Northwest Territory from 2003 to 2005. He served as the General Manager of the Weipa Bauxite Operation at Comalco Aluminum. He served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cliffs Natural Resources Pty Ltd. He serves as the Chairman of Cliffs Asia Pacific Iron Ore Holdings Pty Ltd. and has been its Director since September 1, 2006. He served as the Chairman of the Board of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. from May 8, 2007 to July 9, 2013. He has been Vice Chairman of American Iron & Steel Institute since November 2011. Mr. Carrabba has been a Director of Lithium X Energy Corp. since January 12, 2017. He served as Director of Cliffs Natural Resources Holdings Pty. Ltd. until July 31, 2013. Mr. Carrabba has been an Independent Director at Aecon Group Inc. since July 15, 2013; and TimkenSteel Corporation since 2014. He has been an Independent Director at Newmont Mining Corporation since 2007. He serves as Chairman of Nomination & Remuneration Committee for Cliffs Asia Pacific Iron Ore Holdings Pty Ltd. he has been an Independent Director of NioCorp Developments Ltd. since December 15, 2014 and serves as its Lead Director. He serves as a Director of the Mineral Information Institute. He served as a Director of KeyCorp. since November 18, 2009 until May 18, 2017. He served as a Director of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. from May 09, 2006 to November 18, 2013. He serves as a Board Member of Cleveland's University Hospitals. Mr. Carrabba earned his Bachelor's degree in Geology from Capital University and his MBA from Frostburg State University in Maryland.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
200 Public SquareCleveland, Ohio 44114United StatesPhone: 216-694-5700Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2006-PresentChairmanCliffs Asia Pacific Iron Ore Holdings Pty Ltd2007-PresentIndependent DirectorNewmont Mining Corporation2011-PresentVice ChairmanAmerican Iron & Steel Institute2013-PresentIndependent DirectorAecon Group Inc.2014-PresentLead DirectorNioCorp Developments Ltd.2014-PresentDirectorTimkenSteel Corporation2017-PresentDirectorLithium X Energy Corp.
Education
Bachelor's Degree Capital UniversityMBA Frostburg State University
Other Affiliations
Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.Newmont Mining CorporationKeyCorpAecon Group Inc.Cliffs Asia Pacific Iron Ore Holdings Pty LtdLithium X Energy Corp.NioCorp Developments Ltd.Capital UniversityAmerican Iron & Steel InstituteFrostburg State UniversityCliffs Natural Resources Pty LimitedCliffs Natural Resources Holdings Pty. Ltd.TimkenSteel Corporation


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cliffs Michigan Biomass, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Joseph A. Carrabba - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Joseph A. Carrabba
Board Member at Newmont Mining Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Joseph A. Carrabba? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph A. Carrabba's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph A. Carrabba's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph A. Carrabba's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph A. Carrabba through your network of contacts.
												








Joseph A. Carrabba's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Newmont Mining Corporation


Board Member, 
Aecon Group Inc.


Board Member, 
TimkenSteel Corporation


Board Member, 
Niocorp Developments Ltd


Past
To view Joseph A. Carrabba's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Capital University


Age
64

 
 


Joseph A. Carrabba's Biography



Joseph A. Carrabba is the former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., where he served in executive capacities from 2005 to 2013. Prior to joining Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., Mr. Carrabba gained broad experience in the mining industry throughout Canada, the United States, Asia, Australia and Europe. He served for over 20 years in a variety of leadership capacities at Rio Tinto, a global mining company, including as President and Chief Operating Officer of Rio Tinto's Diavik Diamond Mines, Inc. in the Northwest Territories, Canada. Mr. Carrabba holds a Bachelor of Arts from Capital University in O ...
(Read More)

			Joseph A. Carrabba is the former Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., where he served in executive capacities from 2005 to 2013. Prior to joining Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., Mr. Carrabba gained broad experience in the mining industry throughout Canada, the United States, Asia, Australia and Europe. He served for over 20 years in a variety of leadership capacities at Rio Tinto, a global mining company, including as President and Chief Operating Officer of Rio Tinto's Diavik Diamond Mines, Inc. in the Northwest Territories, Canada. Mr. Carrabba holds a Bachelor of Arts from Capital University in Ohio and a Master of Business Administration from Frostburg State University in Maryland.
		
Source: Aecon Group Inc. on 03/03/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Joseph A. Carrabba's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Joseph A. Carrabba. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Joseph A. Carrabba's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Joseph A. Carrabba's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Joseph A. Carrabba through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Joseph A. Carrabba


















Joseph A. Carrabba's Connections (421)





Sign up now to view Joseph A. Carrabba's 421 connections »









Susan M. Green
Board Member, Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.









Phillips S. Baker
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Hecla Mining Company









Janice K. Henry
Former Senior Vice President and Treasurer, Martin Marietta Materials, Inc.









P. Kelly Tompkins
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Cliffs Natural Resources Inc.









Robert J. Miller
Lead Independent Director, Wynn Resorts, Limited









Donald C. Ewigleben
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, INTERNATIONAL TOWER HILL MINES









Timothy W. Sullivan
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, Rev Group









Glenn A. Culpepper
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Republic Services, Inc.









Bennett K. Hatfield
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, International Coal Group









Paula Palma
Former Executive Vice President and Chief People and Information Officer, Aecon Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

























Niocorp Developments Ltd. - Joseph A. Carrabba Joins NioCorp's Board of Directors
































































 
 
Menu: 

HomeNews— News— MediaCorporate— Management— Board of Directors— 2016 Annual Meeting— Share Structure— Financial Reports— Corporate GovernanceInvestors— Highlights— Current Presentation— NB: TSX— NIOBF:US— 2016 Annual Meeting— Investor FAQ— Analyst Coverage— Financial Reporting—— Annual Reports—— SEDAR Filings—— SEC Filings——— Section 16 Reports—— Quarterly FilingsContact Us 


 

Home / News / NioCorp Provides Update on PEA
















 Joseph A. Carrabba Joins NioCorp's Board of Directors 



Vancouver, British Columbia – December 16, 2014 – NioCorp Developments Ltd. (“NioCorp” or the “Company”) [TSX-V: NB; OTCQX: NIOBF; and FSE: BR3] is pleased to announce the addition of Mr. Joseph A. Carrabba to its Board of Directors, effective immediately.
“On behalf of the Board and the Corporation, I’d like to welcome Mr. Carrabba to NioCorp. Joseph’s extensive experience and knowledge in exploration and global mining operations will add significant value to the proficiency of the existing Board,” said Mark Smith, CEO of NioCorp.
Mr. Carrabba served as the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., a publicly-held international mining and natural resources company, from 2006 until his retirement in November 2013.  Prior to joining Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., Mr. Carrabba gained broad experience in the mining industry throughout Canada, the United States, Asia, Australia and Europe. He was the former General Manager of Weipa Bauxite Operation of Comalco Aluminum and served in a variety of leadership capacities at Rio Tinto, a global mining company, including as President and Chief Operating Officer of Rio Tinto’s Diavik Diamond Mines, Inc. Mr. Carrabba is also a director of Newmont Mining Corporation and TimkenSteel Corporation. He holds a bachelor’s degree in geology from Capital University and his MBA from Frostburg State University in Maryland.
About the Company: 
NioCorp is developing the only primary niobium deposit known to be under development in the United States, and the highest grade undeveloped niobium deposit in North America, located near Elk Creek, Nebraska.  The Company has filed an updated NI43-101 compliant resource report, available on SEDAR, reporting an Indicated resource of 28.2 Million Tonnes grading 0.63% Nb2O5, containing 177 Million Kg’s of Nb2O5, and an Inferred resource of 132.8 Million Tonnes grading 0.55% Nb2O5, containing 733.7 Million Kg’s of Nb2O5, (at a 0.3% Nb2O5 cutoff grade).  Niobium is mainly used in the form of Ferro-Niobium to produce HSLA (High Strength, Low Alloy) steel, to produce lighter, stronger steel for use in automotive, structural and pipeline industries.  The U.S. imports 100% of its niobium needs. 
For further information, contact Julie Champlin, Investor Relations Manager at (720) 639-4650 or at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
“Peter Dickie”                                                                         President, Corporate Secretary and Director
Cautionary Statements:
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. 




Tweet











NB:TSX
CA$0.65
▲0.020 (3.17%)








NB:TSX
Company ID [TSE:NB]
Last trade:CA$0.65
Trade time:2:28PM EDT
Value change:▲0.020 (3.17%)





Latest News




		July 20 2017			
				NioCorp Praises U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee For Approving Legislation Regarding U.S.-Produced Scandium			


		June 30 2017			
				NioCorp Announces Results of Positive Feasibility Study for its Elk Creek Superalloy Materials Project			


		June 26 2017			
				NioCorp Secures Key Federal Government Permit for its Elk Creek Superalloy Materials Project			




More inNews Releases  

NewsMedia







 Subscribe for Updates!



Subscribe to our mailing list  






       About Niobium


Niobium production is a multi-billion dollar a year market that is essential to the automotive, pipeline and construction industries.
Learn More....

     About Scandium


Scandium is a critical component in advanced fuel cell technologies and has numerous applications in the aerospace and transportation sectors.
Learn More....

In the Media
Contact

Address: 7000 S. Yosemite St. Suite 115Centennial, CO 80112
General Inquiries:Telephone: (720) 639-4647
Investor Relations:Jim Sims, VP External AffairsTelephone: 1-855-2-NIOCORPEmail: jim.sims@niocorp.com


 





﻿
















	Carrabba's Italian Grill in Troy, MI
































You've successfully cancelled

        You have been removed from today's wait list.
        
        Please be sure to keep us in mind for your future dining plans.
    





Get Seated Faster



(Change Location)
















*For parties of 8 or more, please give us a call at xxx-xxx-xxxx.


Please note: This is not a reservation. You are on the Wait List. You may have a short wait once you arrive at the restaurant while we prepare your table.





Almost there...


















                    A text will be sent to you when your table is ready. Message and Data Rates May Apply.









Special Occasion?
Birthday
Anniversary
Graduation
Other






Yes, I am 18 years of age or older and please sign me up to receive special offers.












Almost there...
Just give us the information below so we can add you to the wait list now.























Special Occasion?
Birthday
Anniversary
Graduation
Other




*For parties larger than 8, please give us a call at xxx-xxx-xxxx.



Yes, I am 18 years of age or older and please sign me up to receive special promotions via email from Carrabba’s.


Please note: This is not a reservation. You are on the Wait List. You may have a short wait once you arrive at the restaurant while we prepare your table.







Time not available






Get Seated Faster



(Change Location)











*For parties of 8 or more, please give us a call at xxx-xxx-xxxx.


Please note: This is not a reservation. You are on the Wait List. You may have a short wait once you arrive at the restaurant while we prepare your table.






Please Confirm
Are you sure you want to take your name off of the wait list?







Where





When



Arrive
??????????




Name




Guests







Get Seated Faster
The arrival time you've selected is not available. Add your name to the wait list by selecting another time below.




Guests






Success!

        Thanks , you've been added to today's current wait list.
        
        Make sure to check in with the host when you arrive.
    



Where:



When:



Arrive:



Who:




Guests:





Please note: This is not a reservation. You are on the Wait List. You may have a short wait once you arrive at the restaurant while we prepare your table.




                        Before Your Arrival, Join Dine Rewards and earn up to $20 off every 4th visit! 
                        Sign Up Now.

*Up to $20 off at Outback Steakhouse, Carrabba's Italian Grill or Bonefish Grill, up to $40 off at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar













, please confirm the following information to join the wait list now.
    



Arrive:



Where:



When:



Name:




Guests:



Mobile:



Email:











Welcome Back !
What would you like to do to your wait list confirmation below?







Where





When






Name




Guests







Whoops!





Whoops!

        We can't seem to detect your location.
        Please click the button below and get your name on the wait list at a location near you.
    




 








Get Directions


















WiFi Available



Get Seated Faster

Online Ordering

More Info
Change Location









Find a Carrabba's


Search

Or

Use My Location














Find a Carrabba's






Search


Or


Use My Location









 







(Change)












Open 












Get Seated Faster











, 
                    


Get Directions








WiFi Available
WiFi




More Info
Online Ordering







Save This Location
Carrabba's Italian Grill Troy
Italian


 Miles Away 
            
/ 

                Est. Wait Time: 





MARTHA GUSTAFSON, Proprietor


            600 W Big Beaver
            
            Troy, MI 48084
        
Get Directions
https://maps.google.com/maps?daddr=Carrabbas Italian Grill,600 W Big Beaver,Troy, 48084&z=18





            Mon-Thu: 11:00 AM-10:00 PMFri-Sat: 11:00 AM-11:00 PMSun: 11:00 AM-9:00 PM


WiFi Available





248-269-0095
Get Seated Faster
Download a Menu




Dinner Menu

Lunch Menu

Catering Menu

Private Dining Menu

Specials Menu
Download






Dinner Menu


Lunch Menu


Catering Menu


Private Dining Menu


Specials Menu




Order Online

Mon-Thu: 11:00 AM-10:00 PM
Fri-Sat: 11:00 AM-11:00 PM
Sun: 11:00 AM-9:00 PM




MARTHA GUSTAFSON, Proprietor

600 W Big Beaver

Troy, MI 48084

Get Directions
248-269-0095

Mon-Thu: 11:00 AM-10:00 PM
Fri-Sat: 11:00 AM-11:00 PM
Sun: 11:00 AM-9:00 PM



WiFi Available






Search for Another Location






Or

Use my Location



Back to Top
                        








       
					Are you an Amici?
				 
					Join now to receive exclusive offers, invitation only events and insider information.
				        Yes, I am 18 years of age or older and please sign me up to receive special promotions via email from Carrabba's.    
					Grazie!
				 
					Please enjoy a FREE appetizer, such as a our new Arancini, on your next visit as our way of saying thank you.
				Finish your profile    
					Good News!
				 
					Looks like you are already a member - do you need help remembering your log-in?
				LOGIN NOW    
					There was an error!
				  Try Again!     


 More        PressCareers Blog Guest Survey Privacy Policy Legal Nutrition GIVING Contact Us    © 2016 Bloomin'Brands, Inc   

 Before Your Arrival, Join Dine Rewards and earn up to $20 off every 4th visit! 
Sign Up Now. *Up to $20 off at Outback Steakhouse, Carrabba's Italian Grill or Bonefish Grill, up to $40 off at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar






















