


George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









George Washington Carver - Wikipedia




















 







George Washington Carver

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"George Carver" redirects here. For the English cricketer, see George Carver (cricketer). For the American professor and author, see George Carver (academic).


George Washington Carver



Photograph circa 1910



Born
1860s
Diamond, Missouri, U.S.


Died
January 5, 1943(1943-01-05) (about 80 years old)
Tuskegee, Alabama, U.S.


Awards
Spingarn Medal (1923)


George Washington Carver (1860s[2][3] – January 5, 1943), was an American botanist and inventor. The exact day and year of his birth are unknown; he was born into slavery in Missouri, either in 1861, or January 1864.[3]
Carver's reputation is largely based on his promotion of alternative crops to cotton, such as peanuts and sweet potatoes. He wanted poor farmers to grow alternative crops both as a source of their own food and as a source of other products to improve their quality of life. The most popular of his 44 practical bulletins for farmers contained 105 food recipes using peanuts. He spent years developing and promoting numerous products made from peanuts; none were commercially successful.[4] He was also a leader in promoting environmentalism.[5] He received numerous honors for his work, including the Spingarn Medal of the NAACP.
In an era of very high racial polarization, his fame reached beyond the black community. He was widely recognized and praised in the white community for his many achievements and talents. In 1941, Time magazine dubbed Carver a "Black Leonardo".[6]



Contents


1 Life

1.1 Early years
1.2 College
1.3 Tuskegee Institute
1.4 Rise to fame
1.5 Life while famous
1.6 Relationships
1.7 Death
1.8 Voice pitch
1.9 Christianity


2 Honors
3 Legacy
4 Reputed inventions

4.1 Peanut products
4.2 Sweet potato products


5 Carver bulletins
6 See also
7 Notes
8 References

8.1 Scholarly studies
8.2 Popular works


9 Further reading
10 External links

10.1 Archival collections
10.2 Other
10.3 Print publications





Life
Early years
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.[citation needed]
When George was only a week old, he, a sister, and his mother were kidnapped by night raiders from Arkansas.[9] George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.[9] The kidnappers sold the slaves in Kentucky. Moses Carver hired John Bentley to find them, but he located only the infant George. Moses negotiated with the raiders to gain the boy's return,[9] and rewarded Bentley.
After slavery was abolished, Moses Carver and his wife Susan raised George and his older brother James as their own children.[9] They encouraged George to continue his intellectual pursuits, and "Aunt Susan" taught him the basics of reading and writing.
Black people were not allowed at the public school in Diamond Grove. George decided to go to a school for black children 10 miles (16 km) south in Neosho. When he reached the town, he found the school closed for the night. He slept in a nearby barn. By his own account, the next morning he met a kind woman, Mariah Watkins, from whom he wished to rent a room. When he identified himself as "Carver's George," as he had done his whole life, she replied that from now on his name was "George Carver". George liked Mariah Watkins, and her words, "You must learn all you can, then go back out into the world and give your learning back to the people", made a great impression on him.[citation needed]
At the age of thirteen, due to his desire to attend the academy there, he relocated to the home of another foster family in Fort Scott, Kansas. After witnessing a black man killed by a group of whites, Carver left the city. He attended a series of schools before earning his diploma at Minneapolis High School in Minneapolis, Kansas.
College




At work in his laboratory


Carver applied to several colleges before being accepted at Highland University in Highland, Kansas. When he arrived, however, they rejected him because of his race. In August 1886, Carver traveled by wagon with J. F. Beeler from Highland to Eden Township in Ness County, Kansas.[10] He homesteaded a claim[11] near Beeler, where he maintained a small conservatory of plants and flowers and a geological collection. He manually plowed 17 acres (69,000 m2) of the claim, planting rice, corn, Indian corn and garden produce, as well as various fruit trees, forest trees, and shrubbery. He also earned money by odd jobs in town and worked as a ranch hand.[10]
In early 1888, Carver obtained a $300 loan at the Bank of Ness City for education. By June he left the area.[10] In 1890, Carver started studying art and piano at Simpson College in Indianola, Iowa.[12] His art teacher, Etta Budd, recognized Carver's talent for painting flowers and plants; she encouraged him to study botany at Iowa State Agricultural College in Ames.[12] When he began there in 1891, he was the first black student. Carver's Bachelor's thesis was "Plants as Modified by Man", dated 1894.[13]
Iowa State professors Joseph Budd and Louis Pammel convinced Carver to continue there for his master's degree. Carver did research at the Iowa Experiment Station under Pammel during the next two years. His work at the experiment station in plant pathology and mycology first gained him national recognition and respect as a botanist. Carver taught as the first black faculty member at Iowa State.
Tuskegee Institute




George Washington Carver (front row, center) poses with fellow faculty of Tuskegee Institute in this c. 1902 photograph taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston.


In 1896, Booker T. Washington, the first principal and president of the Tuskegee Institute, invited Carver to head its Agriculture Department. Carver taught there for 47 years, developing the department into a strong research center and working with two additional college presidents during his tenure. He taught methods of crop rotation, introduced several alternative cash crops for farmers that would also improve the soil of areas heavily cultivated in cotton, initiated research into crop products (chemurgy), and taught generations of black students farming techniques for self-sufficiency.
Carver designed a mobile classroom to take education out to farmers. He called it a "Jesup wagon" after the New York financier and philanthropist Morris Ketchum Jesup, who provided funding to support the program.[14]
To recruit Carver to Tuskegee, Washington gave him an above average salary and two rooms for his personal use, although both concessions were resented by some other faculty. Because he had earned a master's in a scientific field from a "white" institution, some faculty perceived him as arrogant.[15] Unmarried faculty members normally had to share rooms, with two to a room, in the spartan early days of the institute.
One of Carver's duties was to administer the Agricultural Experiment Station farms. He had to manage the production and sale of farm products to generate revenue for the Institute. He soon proved to be a poor administrator. In 1900, Carver complained that the physical work and the letter-writing required were too much.[16] In 1904, an Institute committee reported that Carver's reports on yields from the poultry yard were exaggerated, and Washington confronted Carver about the issue. Carver replied in writing, "Now to be branded as a liar and party to such hellish deception it is more than I can bear, and if your committee feel that I have willfully lied or [was] party to such lies as were told my resignation is at your disposal."[17] During Washington's last five years at Tuskegee, Carver submitted or threatened his resignation several times: when the administration reorganized the agriculture programs,[18] when he disliked a teaching assignment,[19] to manage an experiment station elsewhere,[20] and when he did not get summer teaching assignments in 1913–14.[21][22] In each case, Washington smoothed things over.




Photograph of George Washington Carver taken by Frances Benjamin Johnston in 1906.


Carver started his academic career as a researcher and teacher. In 1911, Washington wrote a letter to him complaining that Carver had not followed orders to plant particular crops at the experiment station. This revealed Washington's micro-management of Carver's department, which he had headed for more than 10 years by then. Washington at the same time refused Carver's requests for a new laboratory, research supplies for his exclusive use, and respite from teaching classes. Washington praised Carver's abilities in teaching and original research but said about his administrative skills:

"When it comes to the organization of classes, the ability required to secure a properly organized and large school or section of a school, you are wanting in ability. When it comes to the matter of practical farm managing which will secure definite, practical, financial results, you are wanting again in ability."

In 1911, Carver complained that his laboratory had not received the equipment which Washington had promised 11 months before. He also complained about Institute committee meetings.[23] Washington praised Carver in his 1911 memoir, My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience.[24] Washington called Carver "one of the most thoroughly scientific men of the Negro race with whom I am acquainted."[25] After Washington died in 1915, his successor made fewer demands on Carver for administrative tasks.
While a professor at Tuskegee, Carver joined the Gamma Sigma chapter of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He spoke at the 1930 Conclave that was held at Tuskegee, Alabama, in which he delivered a powerful and emotional speech to the men in attendance.[26]
From 1915 to 1923, Carver concentrated on researching and experimenting with new uses for peanuts, sweet potatoes, soybeans, pecans, and other crops, as well as having his assistants research and compile existing uses.[27] This work, and especially his speaking to a national conference of the Peanut Growers Association in 1920 and in testimony before Congress in 1921 to support passage of a tariff on imported peanuts, brought him wide publicity and increasing renown. In these years, he became one of the most well-known African Americans of his time.
Rise to fame




"One of America's great scientists." U.S. World War II poster circa 1943


Carver developed techniques to improve soils depleted by repeated plantings of cotton. Together with other agricultural experts, he urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation: alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas). These crops both restored nitrogen to the soil and were good for human consumption. Following the crop rotation practice resulted in improved cotton yields and gave farmers alternative cash crops. To train farmers to successfully rotate and cultivate the new crops, Carver developed an agricultural extension program for Alabama that was similar to the one at Iowa State. To encourage better nutrition in the South, he widely distributed recipes using the alternative crops.
In addition, he founded an industrial research laboratory, where he and assistants worked to popularize the new crops by developing hundreds of applications for them. They did original research as well as promoting applications and recipes which they collected from others. Carver distributed his information as agricultural bulletins.




Peanut specimen collected by Carver


Carver's work was known by officials in the national capital before he became a public figure. President Theodore Roosevelt publicly admired his work. Former professors of Carver's from Iowa State University were appointed to positions as Secretary of Agriculture: James Wilson, a former dean and professor of Carver's, served from 1897 to 1913. Henry Cantwell Wallace served from 1921 to 1924. He knew Carver personally because his son Henry A. Wallace and the researcher were friends.[28] The younger Wallace served as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture from 1933 to 1940, and as Franklin Delano Roosevelt's vice president from 1941 to 1945.
The American industrialist, farmer, and inventor William Edenborn of Winn Parish, Louisiana, grew peanuts on his demonstration farm. He consulted with Carver.[29]
In 1916 Carver was made a member of the Royal Society of Arts in England, one of only a handful of Americans at that time to receive this honor. Carver's promotion of peanuts gained him the most notice. In 1919, Carver wrote to a peanut company about the potential he saw for peanut milk. Both he and the peanut industry seemed unaware that in 1917 William Melhuish had secured US 1243855, issued 1917-10-23  for a milk substitute made from peanuts and soybeans.[improper synthesis?]
The United Peanut Associations of America invited Carver to speak at their 1920 convention. He discussed "The Possibilities of the Peanut" and exhibited 145 peanut products. By 1920, the U.S. peanut farmers were being undercut by low prices on imported peanuts from the Republic of China.
In 1921 peanut farmers and industry representatives planned to appear at Congressional hearings to ask for a tariff. Based on the quality of Carver's presentation at their convention, they asked the African-American professor to testify on the tariff issue before the Ways and Means Committee of the United States House of Representatives. Due to segregation, it was highly unusual for an African American to appear as an expert witness at Congress representing European-American industry and farmers. Southern congressmen, reportedly shocked at Carver's arriving to testify, were said to have mocked him.[citation needed] As he talked about the importance of the peanut and its uses for American agriculture, the committee members repeatedly extended the time for his testimony. The Fordney-McCumber Tariff of 1922 was passed including one on imported peanuts. Carver's testifying to Congress made him widely known as a public figure.
Life while famous




United States Farm Security Administration portrait, March 1942


During the last two decades of his life, Carver seemed to enjoy his celebrity status. He was often on the road promoting Tuskegee University, peanuts, and racial harmony. Although he only published six agricultural bulletins after 1922, he published articles in peanut industry journals and wrote a syndicated newspaper column, "Professor Carver's Advice". Business leaders came to seek his help, and he often responded with free advice. Three American presidents—Theodore Roosevelt, Calvin Coolidge and Franklin Roosevelt—met with him, and the Crown Prince of Sweden studied with him for three weeks. From 1923 to 1933, Carver toured white Southern colleges for the Commission on Interracial Cooperation.[27]
With his increasing notability, Carver became the subject of biographies and articles. Raleigh H. Merritt contacted him for his biography published in 1929. Merritt wrote,

"At present not a great deal has been done to utilize Dr. Carver's discoveries commercially. He says that he is merely scratching the surface of scientific investigations of the possibilities of the peanut and other Southern products."[30]

In 1932 the writer James Saxon Childers wrote that Carver and his peanut products were almost solely responsible for the rise in U.S. peanut production after the boll weevil devastated the American cotton crop beginning about 1892. His article, "A Boy Who Was Traded for a Horse" (1932), in The American Magazine, and its 1937 reprint in Reader's Digest, contributed to this myth about Carver's influence. Other popular media tended to exaggerate Carver's impact on the peanut industry.[31]
From 1933 to 1935, Carver worked to develop peanut oil massages to treat infantile paralysis (polio).[27] Ultimately researchers found that the massages, not the peanut oil, provided the benefits of maintaining some mobility to paralyzed limbs.
From 1935 to 1937, Carver participated in the USDA Disease Survey. Carver had specialized in plant diseases and mycology for his master's degree.
In 1937, Carver attended two chemurgy conferences, an emerging field in the 1930s, during the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl, concerned with developing new products from crops.[27] He was invited by Henry Ford to speak at the conference held in Dearborn, Michigan, and they developed a friendship. That year Carver's health declined, and Ford later installed an elevator at the Tuskegee dormitory where Carver lived, so that the elderly man would not have to climb stairs.[6][32]
Carver had been frugal in his life, and in his seventies he established a legacy by creating a museum of his work, as well as the George Washington Carver Foundation at Tuskegee in 1938 to continue agricultural research. He donated nearly US$60,000 (equivalent to $1,020,851 in 2016) in his savings to create the foundation.[32]
Relationships




"Austin Curtis - Scientist successor to Dr. Carver", cartoon by C.H. Alston


Carver never married. At age forty, he began a courtship with Sarah L. Hunt, an elementary school teacher and the sister-in-law of Warren Logan, Treasurer of Tuskegee Institute. This lasted three years until she took a teaching job in California.[33] In her 2015 biography, Christina Vella reviews his relationships and suggests that Carver was bisexual and constrained by mores of his historic period.[34]
When he was seventy, Carver established a friendship and research partnership with the scientist Austin W. Curtis, Jr. This young black man, a graduate of Cornell University, had some teaching experience before coming to Tuskegee. Carver bequeathed to Curtis his royalties from an authorized 1943 biography by Rackham Holt.[35] After Carver died in 1943, Curtis was fired from Tuskegee Institute. He left Alabama and resettled in Detroit. There he manufactured and sold peanut-based personal care products.[36]
Death




Painting by Betsy Graves Reyneau


Upon returning home one day, Carver took a bad fall down a flight of stairs; he was found unconscious by a maid who took him to a hospital. Carver died January 5, 1943, at the age of 78 from complications (anemia) resulting from this fall. He was buried next to Booker T. Washington at Tuskegee University. Due to his frugality, Carver's life savings totaled $60,000, all of which he donated in his last years and at his death to the Carver Museum and to the George Washington Carver Foundation.[37]
On his grave was written, He could have added fortune to fame, but caring for neither, he found happiness and honor in being helpful to the world.
Voice pitch
Even as an adult Carver spoke with a high pitch. Historian Linda O. McMurry noted that he "was a frail and sickly child" who suffered "from a severe case of whooping cough and frequent bouts of what was called croup."[38] McMurry contested the diagnosis of croup, holding rather that "His stunted growth and apparently impaired vocal chords suggest instead tubercular or pneumococcal infection. Frequent infections of that nature could have caused the growth of polyps on the larynx and may have resulted from a gamma globulin deficiency. ...until his death the high pitch of his voice startled all who met him, and he suffered from frequent chest congestion and loss of voice."[38]
McMurry also examined the theory that Carver's vocal pitch was due to being castrated as a child. She noted that persistent rumours held he was castrated either by his kidnappers or his owner Moses Carver. She maintained these accounts were unlikely as "A person castrated before puberty almost never displays any secondary sexual characteristics and seldom grows to normal stature. While Carver's voice never deepened, he reached normal height and grew facial hair."[38] She also pointed out that it was extremely unlikely that Carver would have maintained affection for Moses if he had castrated him, but he "retained obvious affection for Moses...After he left Diamond he returned on several occasions to visit the Carvers, even after Susan's death."[38]
McMurry admitted that the castration theory can't be dismissed entirely. She pointed to Carver's reply in 1937 to a friend's question on why he never married - he had replied obliquely to a tragic incident in his past that precluded him from marriage. McMurry further noted "He was also very reluctant to discuss the years between his departure from Diamond and his arrival at Iowa State, often declaring that there were some things that he would rather forget."[38] McMurry pointed out that "After puberty, castration or testicular failure due to accident or illness would not prevent the development of secondary sexual characteristics."[38] She also pointed out that Carver's failure to marry was not proof of castration, as it can be explained in other ways.[38]
Christianity
George Washington Carver believed he could have faith both in God and science and integrated them into his life. He testified on many occasions that his faith in Jesus was the only mechanism by which he could effectively pursue and perform the art of science.[39] George Washington Carver became a Christian when he was still a young boy, as he wrote in connection to his conversion in 1931:[40]

"I was just a mere boy when converted, hardly ten years old. There isn't much of a story to it. God just came into my heart one afternoon while I was alone in the 'loft' of our big barn while I was shelling corn to carry to the mill to be ground into meal.
A dear little white boy, one of our neighbors, about my age came by one Saturday morning, and in talking and playing he told me he was going to Sunday school tomorrow morning. I was eager to know what a Sunday school was. He said they sang hymns and prayed. I asked him what prayer was and what they said. I do not remember what he said; only remember that as soon as he left I climbed up into the 'loft,' knelt down by the barrel of corn and prayed as best I could. I do not remember what I said. I only recall that I felt so good that I prayed several times before I quit.
My brother and myself were the only colored children in that neighborhood and of course, we could not go to church or Sunday school, or school of any kind.
That was my simple conversion, and I have tried to keep the faith."
— G. W. Carver; Letter to Isabelle Coleman; July 24, 1931

He was not expected to live past his twenty-first birthday due to failing health. He lived well past the age of twenty-one, and his belief deepened as a result.[25] Throughout his career, he always found friendship with other Christians. He relied on them especially when criticized by the scientific community and media regarding his research methodology.[41]
Carver viewed faith in Jesus Christ as a means of destroying both barriers of racial disharmony and social stratification.[42] He was as concerned with his students' character development as he was with their intellectual development. He compiled a list of eight cardinal virtues for his students to strive toward:




A monument to Carver at the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis



Be clean both inside and out.
Neither look up to the rich nor down on the poor.
Lose, if need be, without squealing.
Win without bragging.
Always be considerate of women, children, and older people.
Be too brave to lie.
Be too generous to cheat.
Take your share of the world and let others take theirs.[43]

Beginning in 1906 at Tuskegee, Carver led a Bible class on Sundays for several students at their request. He regularly portrayed stories by acting them out.[43] He responded to critics with this: "When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world."[44]
Honors

1923, Spingarn Medal from the NAACP, awarded annually for outstanding achievement.[27]
1928, honorary doctorate from Simpson College
1939, the Roosevelt Medal for Outstanding Contribution to Southern Agriculture
1940, Carver established the George Washington Carver Foundation at the Tuskegee Institute.
1941, The George Washington Carver Museum was dedicated at the Tuskegee Institute.
1942, Ford built a replica of Carver's birth cabin at the Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield Village in Dearborn as a tribute.
1942, Ford dedicated a laboratory in Dearborn named after Carver.
1943, Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver launched.
1951-1954, U.S. Mint features Carver on a 50 cents silver commemorative coin.
1965, Ballistic missile submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656) launched.
1969, Iowa State University constructs Carver Hall in honor of Carver– a graduate of the university.[45]
1943?, the US Congress designated January 5, the anniversary of his death, as George Washington Carver Recognition Day.[46][47]
1999, USDA names a portion of its Beltsville, Maryland campus the George Washington Carver Center.[48]
2007, the Missouri Botanical Gardens has a garden area named in his honor, with a commemorative statue and material about his work
Willowbrook Neighborhood Park in Willowbrook, California was renamed George Washington Carver Park in his honor.[49]
Schools named for Carver include the George Washington Carver Elementary School of the Compton Unified School District in Los Angeles County, California,[50] the George Washington Carver School of Arts and Science of the Sacramento City Unified School District in Sacramento, California,[51] and the Dr. George Washington Carver Elementary School, a Newark public school in Newark, New Jersey.[52]

Legacy
A movement to establish a U.S. national monument to Carver began before his death. Because of World War II, such non-war expenditures had been banned by presidential order. Missouri senator Harry S. Truman sponsored a bill in favor of a monument. In a committee hearing on the bill, one supporter said:

"The bill is not simply a momentary pause on the part of busy men engaged in the conduct of the war, to do honor to one of the truly great Americans of this country, but it is in essence a blow against the Axis, it is in essence a war measure in the sense that it will further unleash and release the energies of roughly 15,000,000 Negro people in this country for full support of our war effort."[27]

The bill passed unanimously in both houses.
On July 14, 1943,[53] President Franklin D. Roosevelt dedicated $30,000 for the George Washington Carver National Monument west-southwest of Diamond, Missouri, the area where Carver had spent time in his childhood. This was the first national monument dedicated to an African American and the first to honor someone other than a president. The 210-acre (0.8 km2) national monument complex includes a bust of Carver, a ¾-mile nature trail, a museum, the 1881 Moses Carver house, and the Carver cemetery. The national monument opened July 1953.
In December 1947, a fire broke out in the Carver Museum, and much of the collection was damaged. Time magazine reported that all but three of the 48 Carver paintings at the museum were destroyed. His best-known painting, displayed at the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893 in Chicago, depicts a yucca and cactus. This canvas survived and has undergone conservation. It is displayed together with several of his other paintings.[54]




1948 US postage stamp


Carver was featured on U.S. 1948 commemorative stamps. From 1951 to 1954, he was depicted on a commemorative half dollar coin. A second stamp honoring Carver, of face value 32¢, was issued on 3 February 1998 as part of the Celebrate the Century stamp sheet series. Two ships, the Liberty ship SS George Washington Carver and the nuclear submarine USS George Washington Carver (SSBN-656), were named in his honor.
In 1977, Carver was elected to the Hall of Fame for Great Americans. In 1990, Carver was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1994, Iowa State University awarded Carver a Doctor of Humane Letters. In 2000, Carver was a charter inductee in the USDA Hall of Heroes as the "Father of Chemurgy".[55]
In 2002, scholar Molefi Kete Asante listed George Washington Carver as one of 100 Greatest African Americans.[56]
In 2005, Carver's research at the Tuskegee Institute was designated a National Historic Chemical Landmark by the American Chemical Society.[57] On February 15, 2005, an episode of Modern Marvels included scenes from within Iowa State University's Food Sciences Building and about Carver's work. In 2005, the Missouri Botanical Garden in St. Louis, Missouri, opened a George Washington Carver garden in his honor, which includes a life-size statue of him.
Many institutions continue to honor George Washington Carver. A garden and statue of him are dedicated in the noted Missouri Botanical Gardens in St. Louis. Dozens of elementary schools and high schools are named after him. National Basketball Association star David Robinson and his wife, Valerie, founded an academy named after Carver; it opened on September 17, 2001, in San Antonio, Texas.[43] The Carver Community Cultural Center, a historic center located in San Antonio, is named for him.
Reputed inventions
Carver was given credit in popular folklore for many inventions that did not come out of his lab. Three patents (one for cosmetics; US 1522176, issued 1925-01-06 , and two for paints and stains; US 1541478, issued 1925-06-09  and US 1632365, issued 1927-06-14 ) were issued to Carver in 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful.[58] Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, Carver left no records of formulae or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a laboratory notebook. Mackintosh notes that, "Carver did not explicitly claim that he had personally discovered all the peanut attributes and uses he cited, but he said nothing to prevent his audiences from drawing the inference."[59] Carver's research was intended to produce replacements from common crops for commercial products, which were generally beyond the budget of the small one-horse farmer. A misconception grew that his research on products for subsistence farmers were developed by others commercially to change Southern agriculture.[60][61] Carver's work to provide small farmers with resources for more independence from the cash economy foreshadowed the "appropriate technology" work of E. F. Schumacher.
Peanut products
Dennis Keeney, director of the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture at Iowa State University, wrote in the Leopold Letter (newsletter):

Carver worked on improving soils, growing crops with low inputs, and using species that fixed nitrogen (hence, the work on the cowpea and the peanut). Carver wrote in 'The Need of Scientific Agriculture in the South': "The virgin fertility of our soils and the vast amount of unskilled labor have been more of a curse than a blessing to agriculture. This exhaustive system for cultivation, the destruction of forest, the rapid and almost constant decomposition of organic matter, have made our agricultural problem one requiring more brains than of the North, East or West."[62]

Carver worked for years to create a company to market his products. The most important was the Carver Penol Company, which sold a mixture of creosote and peanuts as a patent medicine for respiratory diseases such as tuberculosis. Sales were lackluster and the product was ineffective according to the Food and Drug Administration.[63] Other ventures were The Carver Products Company and the Carvoline Company. Carvoline Antiseptic Hair Dressing was a mix of peanut oil and lanolin. Carvoline Rubbing Oil was a peanut oil for massages.
Carver is often mistakenly credited with the invention of peanut butter.[64] By the time Carver published "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it For Human Consumption" in 1916,[65] many methods of preparation of peanut butter had been developed or patented by various pharmacists, doctors and food scientists working in the US and Canada.[66][67][68] The Aztec were known to have made peanut butter from ground peanuts as early as the 15th century. Canadian pharmacist Marcellus Gilmore Edson was awarded U.S. Patent 306,727 (for its manufacture) in 1884, 12 years before Carver began his work at Tuskegee.[69][70]
Sweet potato products
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products. In his 1922 sweet potato bulletin, Carver listed a few dozen recipes, "many of which I have copied verbatim from Bulletin No. 129, U. S. Department of Agriculture".[71] Carver's records included the following sweet potato products: 73 dyes, 17 wood fillers, 14 candies, 5 library pastes, 5 breakfast foods, 4 starches, 4 flours, and 3 molasses.[72] He also had listings for vinegars, dry coffee and instant coffee, candy, after-dinner mints, orange drops, and lemon drops.
Carver bulletins
During his more than four decades at Tuskegee, Carver's official published work consisted mainly of 44 practical bulletins for farmers.[73] His first bulletin in 1898 was on feeding acorns to farm animals. His final bulletin in 1943 was about the peanut. He also published six bulletins on sweet potatoes, five on cotton, and four on cowpeas. Some other individual bulletins dealt with alfalfa, wild plum, tomato, ornamental plants, corn, poultry, dairying, hogs, preserving meats in hot weather, and nature study in schools.
His most popular bulletin, How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption, was first published in 1916[74] and was reprinted many times. It gave a short overview of peanut crop production and contained a list of recipes from other agricultural bulletins, cookbooks, magazines, and newspapers, such as the Peerless Cookbook, Good Housekeeping, and Berry's Fruit Recipes. Carver's was far from the first American agricultural bulletin devoted to peanuts,[75][76][77][78][79] but his bulletins did seem to be more popular and widespread than previous ones.
The standard author abbreviation Carver is used to indicate this individual as the author when citing a botanical name.[80]
See also


African American portal
Biography portal
Science portal



Carver Academy, Texas
George Washington Carver Center for Arts and Technology, Maryland
List of people on stamps of the United States
African-American history


Notes


^ Israel, Charlene (15 February 2011). "George Washington Carver: Master Inventor, Artist". CBN News. Christian Broadcasting Network. Retrieved 3 November 2013. 
^ The Notable Names Database states around 1860 citing a census report from 1870: "1864 is frequently cited as his birth year, but in the 1870 census form filed by Moses and Susan Carver he is listed as being ten years old." [1].
^ a b "About GWC: A Tour of His Life". George Washington Carver National Monument. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2008-02-01. George Washington Carver did not know the exact date of his birth, but he thought it was in January 1864 (some evidence indicates July 1861, but not conclusively). He knew it was sometime before slavery was abolished in Missouri, which occurred in January 1865. 
^ Linda O. McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York: Oxford University Press. p. 196. ISBN 0-19-503205-5. 
^ Mark D. Hersey, My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (2011) online
^ a b "Black Leonardo Book". Time Magazine. 1941-11-24. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ McMurry (1982), George Washington Carver, pp. 9–10.
^ Some sources say 1864. Carver's exact date of birth remains uncertain.
^ a b c d Rennert, Richard, ed. (1994), Profiles of Great Black Americans: Pioneers of Discovery, Coretta Scott King (introduction), New York: Chelsea House Publishers, pp. 26–32, ISBN 0-7910-2067-3 
^ a b c George Washington Carver: Scientist, Scholar, and Educator from the "Blue Skyways" website of the Kansas State Library
^ Southeast Quarter of Section 4, Township 19 South, Range 26 West of the Sixth Principal Meridian, Ness County, Kansas
^ a b College Archives – George Washington Carver, Simpson College website
^ Geo. W. Carver (1894). "Plants as Modified by Man.". 
^ "The first Jesup Wagon", George Washington Carver Museum, Tuskegee University Historic Site, National Park Service website.
^ McMurry (1982), pp. 45–47.
^ Louis R. Harlan, Raymond Smock (eds), The Booker T. Washington Papers: 1895-98, University of Illinois Press, 1975, Vol. 5, p. 481.
^ Harlan, Vol. 8, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Volume 10, p. 480.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 95.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, pp. 251–252.
^ Harlan, Vol. 12, p. 201.
^ Harlan, Vol. 13, p. 35.
^ Harlan, Vol. 4, p. 239.
^ Booker T. Washington, 1856–1915 My Larger Education: Being Chapters from My Experience
^ a b GWC | His Life in his own words
^ [2] Archived July 23, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b c d e f Special History Study from the National Park Service website
^ "The legacy of George Washington Carver--Friends & Colleagues (Henry Wallace". iastate.edu. 2007-01-31. Archived from the original on April 15, 2009. 
^ "Greggory E. Davies, William Edenborn of Winn Parish, LA". files.usgwarchives.org. Archived from the original on 16 March 2012. Retrieved 30 October 2010. 
^ Raleigh Howard Merritt. From Captivity to Fame or The Life of George Washington Carver.
^ "Peanut Man". Time Magazine. 1937-06-14. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ a b Linda McMurry Edwards, George Washington Carver: The Life of the Great American Agriculturist, Rosen Publishing Group, 2004, pp. 90–92. Retrieved 7 July 2011.
^ Kremer, Gary R., George Washington Carver: A Biography, Greenwood, 2011, ISBN 0313347964, p. 68
^ Christina Vella, George Washington Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015
^ Rackham Holt, George Washington Carver: An American Biography, Garden City, NY: Doubleday, Doran and Company, 1943. Quote: "He [Carver] believed that there was something providential in the coming of this young man [Austin], so intensely serious about his work and extremely competent at it, who was at the same time a genial companion; he was proud of him and loved and depended on him as his own son . . . . And the affection was returned in full measure. Mr. Curtis accompanied him everywhere, seeing to his comfort, shielding him from intrusion, and acting as his official mouthpiece."
^ On Curtis' later life, see "Austin W. Curtis Interviewed by Toby Fishbein in Detroit, Michigan, March 3, 1979": Transcript in Iowa State University Special Collections, George Washington Carver File, Box 2, RS: 21/7/2.
^ GWC | Tour Of His Life |Page 6
^ a b c d e f g Linda O. McMurry (1981). George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. Oxford University Press. p. 14. 
^ Man of science-and of God from The New American (January 2004) via TheFreeLibrary.com
^ Carver, George Washington; Ed. by Kremer, Gary R. George Washington Carver in his own words. University of Missouri Press. Feb 1, 1991, p. 128
^ Wilson L. Newman correspondence with George Washington Carver, 1926-1943
^ "Quotes From Dr. Carver Page 2". nps.gov. National Park Service. Archived from the original on 2009-07-08. 
^ a b c History from the Carver Academy website
^ George Washington Carver Quotes
^ Carver Hall, Iowa State University, Facilities Planning & Management
^ "25-2-39". Rilin.state.ri.us. Retrieved 2014-03-21. 
^ George Washington Carver Recognition Day Celebrated
^ "USDA Names Building Complex to Honor Dr. George Washington Carver". PR Newswire. Retrieved 2016-05-03. 
^ "George Washington Carver Park". Los Angeles County, California Department of Parks and Recreation. Archived from the original on 2015-03-11. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Welcome to Carver Elementary School". Compton Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Who Is George Washington Carver?". Sacramento City Unified School District. Retrieved 2015-04-13. 
^ "Dr. George Washington Carver: Where Achievement is Realistic, Obtainable & Infinite!". Newark Public Schools. Retrieved 2017-02-22. 
^ George Washington Carver National Monument (U.S. National Park Service)
^ "Change Without Revolution". Time Magazine. 1948-01-05. Retrieved 10 August 2008. 
^ USDA Hall of Heroes
^ Asante, Molefi Kete (2002). 100 Greatest African Americans: A Biographical Encyclopedia. Amherst, New York. Prometheus Books. ISBN 1-57392-963-8.
^ Ginsberg, Judah (January 27, 2005). "George Washington Carver: Chemist, Teacher, Symbol". American Chemical Society. Retrieved 2 March 2012. 
^ "George Washington Carver". Inventors.about.com. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ Mackintosh, Barry. 1977. "George Washington Carver And The Peanut", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73.
^ McMurry, L. O. 1981. George Washington Carver: Scientist and Symbol. New York, Oxford University Press.
^ Smith, Andrew F. 2002. Peanuts: The Illustrious History of the Goober Pea. Chicago: University of Illinois Press.
^ Fishbein, Toby. "The Legacy of George Washington Carver", Iowa State University Library.
^ McMurry (1982). George Washington Carver. pp. 195–96. 
^ National Peanut Board, Who Invented Peanut Butter?, retrieved 2016-11-24. 
^ "George Washington Carver", National Peanut Board.
^ "US Patent #306727". 
^ "US Patent #604493". 
^ Innovate St. Louis (August 25, 2011). "Innovation in St. Louis History – Innovate St. Louis". Innovatestl.org. Retrieved December 18, 2011. 
^ Mary Bellis, "The History of Peanut Butter". Inventors.about.com (2013-06-21). Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "History of Peanut Butter" Archived July 27, 2011, at the Wayback Machine.. Peanut-butter.org. Retrieved 12 July 2013.
^ "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes," Geo. W. Carver from the Texas A&M University website
^ Carver Sweet Potato Products from the Tuskegee University website
^ List of Bulletins by George Washington Carver from the Tuskegee University website
^ Carver, George Washington. 1916. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
^ Handy, R. B. 1895. "Peanuts: Culture and Uses". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 25.
^ Newman, C. L. 1904. Peanuts. Fayetteville, Arkansas: Arkansas Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1909. "Peanuts". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 356.
^ Ferris, E. B. 1909. "Peanuts". Agricultural College, Mississippi: Mississippi Agricultural Experiment Station.
^ Beattie, W. R. 1911. "The Peanut". USDA Farmers' Bulletin 431.
^ IPNI.  Carver. 


References
Scholarly studies

Hersey, Mark D. My Work Is That of Conservation: An Environmental Biography of George Washington Carver (University of Georgia Press; 2011) 306 pages.
Hersey, Mark. "Hints and Suggestions to Farmers: George Washington Carver and Rural Conservation in the South." Environmental History 11#2 (2006): 239-268.
Mackintosh, Barry. "George Washington Carver: The Making of a Myth." Journal of Southern History 42#4 (1976): 507-528. in JSTOR
Barry Mackintosh, "George Washington Carver and the Peanut: New Light on a Much-loved Myth", American Heritage 28(5): 66–73, 1977.
McMurry, L. O. "Carver, George Washington." American National Biography Online February 2000
McMurry, Linda O. George Washington Carver: scientist and symbol (Oxford University Press, 1982). online; Google copy)

Popular works

Carver, George Washington. "1897 or Thereabouts: George Washington Carver's Own Brief History of His Life." George Washington Carver National Monument.
Collins, David R. George Washington Carver: Man's Slave, God's Scientist, (Mott Media, 1981)
William J. Federer, George Washington Carver: His Life & Faith in His Own Words, AmeriSearch (January 2003) ISBN 0-9653557-6-4
George Washington Carver: In His Own Words (Paperback), ed. G.R. Kremer, University of Missouri Press; 1987, Reprint edition (January 1991) ISBN 0-8262-0785-5 ISBN 978-0-8262-0785-2
H.M. Morris, Men of Science, Men of God (1982)
E.C. Barnett and D. Fisher, Scientists Who Believe (1984)

Further reading

Gray, James Marion. George Washington Carver. Englewood Cliffs, NJ: Silver Burdett Press, 1991.
Holt, Rackham. George Washington Carver: An American Biography, rev. ed. Garden City, NY: Doubleday, 1963.
Kremer, Gary R. Race and Meaning: The African American Experience in Missouri, University of Missouri Press, 2014.
McKissack, Pat, and Fredrick McKissack. George Washington Carver: The Peanut Scientist, rev. ed. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow Publishers, 2002.
Moore, Eva. The Story of George Washington Carver, New York: Scholastic, 1995.
Vella, Christina. Carver, Louisiana State University Press, 2015.

External links



Wikimedia Commons has media related to George Washington Carver.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: George Washington Carver


Archival collections

Guide to the George Washington Carver Letter to Dana H. Johnson. Special Collections and Archives, The UC Irvine Libraries, Irvine, California.
Finding Aid to the George Washington Carver Collection. Special Collections Department, Iowa State University Library, Ames, Iowa.
William and Annette Curtis collection of George Washington Carver items, MSS 6223 at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University

Other

National Park Service:




Legends of Tuskegee: George Washington Carver from the National Park Service
George Washington Carver National Monument from the National Park Service




Carver Tribute from Tuskegee University
The Legacy of George Washington Carver from Iowa State University
National Historic Chemical Landmark from the American Chemical Society
George Washington Carver Correspondence Collection Manuscript collection in Special Collections, National Agricultural Library.
Biotechnology Organization Award
A film clip 'American Day' Fete Biggest Patriotic Meeting In History, 1941/05/20 (1941) is available at the Internet Archive
George Washington Carver Digital Collection, Iowa State University.

Print publications

George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Peanut and 105 Ways of Preparing it for Human Consumption", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 31.
George Washington Carver. "How the Farmer Can Save His Sweet Potatoes and Ways of Preparing Them for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 38, 1936.
George Washington Carver. "How to Grow the Tomato and 115 Ways to Prepare it for the Table", Tuskegee Institute Experimental Station Bulletin 36, 1936.
Peter D. Burchard, "George Washington Carver: For His Time and Ours", National Park Service: George Washington Carver National Monument. 2006.
Louis R. Harlan (ed.), The Booker T. Washington Papers, Volume 4, pp. 127–128. Chicago: University of Illinois Press. 1975.
Raleigh H. Merritt, From Captivity to Fame or the Life of George Washington Carver, Boston: Meador Publishing. 1929.
George Washington Carver
Mary Bagley, George Washington Carver: Biography, Inventions & Quotes (2013).







v
t
e


Alabama Cooperative Extension System



History



Smith-Lever Act of 1914
Tuskegee University
Historical Panorama of Alabama Agriculture
Boll Weevil





Notable directors



Luther Duncan
P.O. Davis
E.T. York





Parent Universities



Alabama A&M University
Auburn University





Partners



US Department of Agriculture
Cooperative State Research, Education, and Extension Service












v
t
e


Iowa State University




Located in: Ames, Iowa



Academics



Colleges
Business
Human Sciences
Liberal Arts & Sciences
Veterinary Medicine





Athletics



Team
Iowa State Cyclones
Hall of Fame


Men's
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Track & Field
Wrestling
Baseball (Cut)


Women's
Basketball
Cross Country
Golf
Gymnastics
Soccer
Softball
Swimming & Diving
Track & Field
Volleyball


Venues
Hilton Coliseum
Jack Trice Stadium
Veenker Memorial Golf Course
Cap Timm Field
Ames/ISU Ice Arena


Rivalries
Iowa

Cy-Hawk Trophy
Iowa Corn Cy-Hawk Series


Iowa "Big Four"

Big Four Classic


Iowa State–Kansas State football rivalry
Iowa State–Missouri football rivalry (defunct)


School Spirit
Cy the Cardinal
ISU Fights
Marching Band





Campus



Buildings
Campanile
Reiman Gardens
Iowa State Center
Alumni Center
Beardshear Hall
Enrollment Services Center
Memorial Union
Morrill Hall
Farm House
Carver Hall
Catt Hall
Fick Observatory





Research



Ames Laboratory
Ames Project
Atanasoff–Berry computer
CYCLONE
Honeywell v. Sperry Rand
Spacecraft Systems and Controls Lab
StrangeSearch
BugGuide
VRAC





Student life



Iowa State Daily
KURE
PrISUm
VEISHEA
ISUtv
CyRide
Cuffs





People



John Vincent Atanasoff
George Washington Carver
Carrie Chapman Catt
Jack Trice
ISU Presidents
Notable Alumni & Faculty








Founded: 1858
Students: 36,660
Endowment: $US 760.4 million












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 79397254
LCCN: n50034776
ISNI: 0000 0001 0332 1086
GND: 118519379
Botanist: Carver










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=George_Washington_Carver&oldid=791940125"					
Categories: 1943 deathsPeople from Newton County, MissouriAmerican botanistsAfrican-American inventorsAmerican mycologistsAmerican food scientistsAfrican-American ChristiansAmerican agriculturalistsBisexual menBisexual peopleAgriculture educatorsAlabama RepublicansIowa State University alumniIowa State University facultyPeople from Tuskegee, AlabamaAmerican adopteesPeople from Hanover, MassachusettsSpingarn Medal winnersAfrican-American scientistsAfrican-American educatorsTuskegee University facultyPeople from Ness County, Kansas1864 birthsHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesPeople from Indianola, IowaAmerican slavesScientists from MissouriHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismPages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2008Articles with unsourced statements from October 2014Articles that may contain original research from March 2016Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011Botanists with author abbreviationsArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersDate of birth unknown 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGaeilgeGalego한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoҚазақшаMagyarമലയാളംमराठीမြန်မာဘာသာNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSimple EnglishSlovenčinaTagalogதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаWinarayYorùbá中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 12:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








GEORGE W CARTER - WARSAW, IN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



WARSAW



Legal Services



Legal Services



                            GEORGE W CARTER
                                    



 





















G 


GEORGE W CARTER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



5819 W 200 S WARSAW, IN 46580
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2003
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $120,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Legal Services
 Contacts GEORGE CARTER







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


George W Carter is located at 5819 W 200 S in Warsaw and has been in the business of Legal Services since 2003. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















The War against Regulation: From Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush (Studies in Government and Public… | BooksReddit
















































    	    	Loading finest books…    


Skip to content



BooksRedditTop books mentioned on Reddit 






Most upvoted booksMost popular booksMost popular products 








The War against Regulation: From Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush (Studies in Government and Public…
4722





Battered by our economy and disappointed by our government’s role in that battering, we might be tempted to point the finger of blame at whoever’s currently on the hot seat in front of us. But, as Phillip Cooper shows, we must widen our vision to take in the long history behind this dismal state of affairs. By doing so, it becomes clear that our present circumstances are in many ways the predictable outcome of a several-decades-long war against government regulation and its potential to prote…


More details

Tweet

Categories: Best of 2016, Best by subreddit, NeutralPolitics, All books
Tags: African Americans, Americas, Civil War, Colonial Period, History, Immigrants, Revolution & Founding, State & Local, United States





Description


Additional Information



Most upvoted comment
Was George W. Bush really such a bad president?(r/NeutralPolitics)
I believe that presidents should be measured against the counterfactual of what would have happened had the other guy won – using this heuristic, most presidents don’t look so bad.
For example, one of the biggest failures Bush is criticized for is the financial crisis in 2008. While criticism can rightly be levied at George Bush for the massive regulatory cuts and failures to recognize the dangers of mortgage-backed deriviatives, there’s simply no reason to think similar failures wouldn’t have occurred under a Gore administration or Bill Bradley or John McCain. Many of the policies that led to the housing bubble in the first place had their genesis as far back as the Reagan Administration.
Similarly, the Bush Administration receives a lot of justified criticism for the massive failures in the response to Hurricane Katrina, failures which has an unmistakable racial quality. However, and again, the failures with the levy system predated the Bush Administration by decades, and while his response immediately following was horrifyingly tone-deaf, at the time, many in the media had joined Bush in proclaiming that the fears about the Hurricane had been overstated and the response sufficient. At least initially. By the time Bush was screwing up the messaging regarding the Hurricane, the damage was already done and while the response, even after the fact, is widely considered to be insufficient, it’s not at all clear any other Republican president would have been much better. Terrible as it is, Republicans simply don’t have a lot of political incentive to spend resources in places like New Orleans. A sad fact to be sure, but a systemic one not limited to George W. Bush.
Now, to this point, I would argue the above complaints along with other things people have mentioned: absolutely exploding the deficit from the first surplus in decades to greatly exacerbating income inequality with regressive tax cuts aimed primarily at the rich, along with the aborted Social Security reforms, the Harriet Miers Supreme Court nomination and a few other things – I would argue that these criticisms are mostly partisan in nature. An intelligent person could make a strong argument for limited privatization of social security, or stimulus through cutting taxes, or increasing deficits in lean (though not catastrophic) economic years. That doesn’t make these criticisms invalid, but they wouldn’t, for me, cause Bush to rise to the level of one of the worst presidents.
Why I think George W. Bush is arguably one of the five worst presidents in our history and inarguably one of the ten worst is one thing: The Iraq War. The Iraq War was a massive failure of the intelligence community, intellectual honesty and transparency in our political system and good common sense. In my method of measuring the quality of presidential candidates, the Afghanistan War likely would have happened in some form or fashion under a Gore Administration or a McCain Administration. However, no other politician – none in the 2000 presidential field – would have moved for war with Iraq which was widely considered – even at the time – a distraction from the War on Terror and it’s not like the War on Terror couldn’t be criticized in its own right. The various failures of the Iraq War have been recounted in numerous places: Abu Ghraib, crony contracts to companies like Halliburton, the privatization of key American military operations. To me, the most unforgiveable facet of the Iraq War is that it happened at all.
This is the main crux of why I consider George W. Bush such a bad president: the morally unjustifiable doctrine of preemptive war. Make no mistake, The Bush Doctrine of preemptive war represents the single largest change in American foreign policy since Woodrow Wilson and, along with the Monroe Doctrine, one of the three most dramatic turns in American foreign policy ever. Other presidents who rank among the worst all time usually harm America on the basis of domestic policies: James Buchanan (who failed or address or even properly identify the major cleavages in the lead-up to the Civil War), Warren Harding (who really laid the groundwork for the Great Depression), Andrew Johnson (who tried to roll back basically all of the civil rights accomplishments from before Lincoln’s assassination), and Franklin Pierce (who laid much of the groundwork for the Civil War, much earlier even than Buchanan). 
Bush is the first to have done his harm primarily by virtue of foreign policy sending thousands of Americans and ~~tens or thousands~~ hundreds of thousands of Arabs to die while spending trillions of dollars on war that would not have happened if almost anyone else was president (including members of his own family), undertaken in service of a foreign policy that was way out of the mainstream and anathema to 225 years of stated American foreign conduct. However you do your rankings, I have no doubt that one hundred years from now Bush will be regarded as one of, if not the worst post-Depression president.
More details about a book.
Related Books from RedditOur Enemies in Blue: Police and Power in America (Third Edition)A Heart for Europe – The Lives of Emperor Charles and Empress Zita of Austria-HungaryPompeii: A Sourcebook (Routledge Sourcebooks for the Ancient World)Pompeii: A Sourcebook (Routledge Sourcebooks for the Ancient World)Racing the Enemy: Stalin, Truman, and the Surrender of JapanThe Rise and Fall of the Third Reich: A History of Nazi GermanyThe Last Days of the IncasThe American Way of War: A History of United States Military Strategy and PolicyAMERICAN LION: Andrew Jackson in the White HouseChina: A New History, Second Enlarged EditionThe Bill of Rights: Creation and ReconstructionSelling Fear: Counterterrorism, the Media, and Public Opinion (Chicago Studies in American Politics) 

Additional Information


Subreddits
NeutralPolitics



Number Of Links
1



Sum Of Upvotes
2847



Amazon Price
$39.91



NSFW Product
SFW



Book Binding
Hardcover



Type Code
ABIS_BOOK



Book Author
Phillip J. Cooper



Book Publisher
Univ Pr of Kansas



Book On Amazon
The War against Regulation: From Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush (Studies in Government and Public…



Post Title
Was George W. Bush really such a bad president?



Reddit Gold
9






More details





Book Categories25 most mentioned books on TwoChromosomes that will show you what girls are talking about. (25)
Best History Books (50)
Best Music Books (100)
Best Philosophy Books (50)
Best Programming Books (50)
Top rated books from Liberal/Anti-trump subreddits (25)
Top rated books on The_Donald (50)
Best of 2016 (250)
Best of 2015 (250)
Best of 2014 (249)
Best of 2013 (249)
Best of 2012 (249)
Best of 2011 (250)
Best by subreddit (1497)
All books (1497)
Book search

Search for:




Top Rated Books


 Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking

842


 The Anxiety and Phobia Workbook

808


 Protecting the Gift: Keeping Children and Teenagers Safe (and Parents Sane)

798


 Biology Doesn't Care About Your Feelings (New Publishers Series)

780






Product TagsAfrican Americans
Americas
Arts & Photography
Biographies & Memoirs
Business & Money
Children's
Christian & Bibles
Civil War
Colonial Period
Comics & Graphic Novels
Computers & Technology
Cookbooks
Economics
Europe
Fitness & Dieting
Food & Wine
Health
Historical
History
History & Criticism
Humor
Humor & Entertainment
Immigrants
Literature & Fiction
Military
Music
Music_book
Philosophy book
Politics & Social Sciences
Reference
Relationships
Revolution & Founding
Science & Math
Science Fiction & Fantasy
Self-Help
Sports & Outdoors
State & Local
The_Donald book
Top history books
United States 

Books on reddit This website is based on analysis of 4 years worth of comments from Reddit.com. It amounts to over two billion unique lines in database.
Extracted comments are analyzed, and script selects amazon book links that were mentioned most. Books are defautly grouped by subreddit and a year. Most popular books are selected depending on number of upvotes and number of mentions during a period.
The website is sustained via referrals from Amazon book links.
If you are interested in most popular products on Reddit see: upvoted.top
You can find interactive version of reddit products on : vizpro.top

 



 
 





















GEORGE W CARTER - MILBURN, OK - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OK



MILBURN



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            GEORGE W CARTER
                                    



 





















G 


GEORGE W CARTER
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2101 N DEADMAN SPRINGS RD MILBURN, OK 73450
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $60,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts GEORGE CARTER







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


George W Carter is located at 2101 N Deadman Springs Rd in Milburn and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2005. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















George W Carter - Orange Beach, AL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found George W Carter in Orange Beach, AL


George W Carter

                                                                           Intelius found that George W Carter  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Orange Beach, AL.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Joseph W Fidler


Get Report Now

Age

George W Carter is in his 70s

George Has Lived In

Orange Beach, AL
Santa Clara, CA
North Chicago, IL

George's Relatives

Bonnie Carter
Megan Carter
Jason Carter
Marianne Fidler







George W Carter



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
Divisional Vice President, Pharmaceutical Products Division at Abbott Laboratories Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about George? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about George, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on George W Carter
Get a Criminal Check on George W Carter
Get a Public Record Report on George W Carter
Get a People Search Report on George W Carter


George W Carter's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where George W Carter has lived as well as George W Carter's phone numbers and email addresses.




George W Carter Has Lived in 4 States
Alabama Address for George W Carter


27624 C**** R* 

Orange Beach, AL


Has Lived In

Orange Beach, AL
Santa Clara, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with George W Carter

(301) ***-**** - Frostburg, MD 
(847) ***-**** - Mundelein, IL 
(251) ***-**** - Orange Beach, AL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with George W Carter

c*******4@***.com
g**********r@***.com


Get Email Report




George W Carter's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about George W Carter's academic history.  Find out which schools George W Carter attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees George W Carter received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


George W Carter Has Attended 2 Schools
Frostburg State University George W Carter has a Bs in Biology               
West Virginia University                              George W Carter has a PhD in Pharmacology               


George W Carter's Professional Information
Information regarding George W Carter's professional history.  Find out previous places George W Carter has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


George W Carter Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Abbott Laboratories Company
               Title: Divisional Vice President, Pharmaceutical Products Division
Company: Galileo Pharmaceuticals Inc
               Title: Advisor
George W Carter's Experience
Title: Divisional Vice President, Pharmaceutical Products Division
               Company: Abbott Laboratories Company
Job Details
               Abbott is a global healthcare company devoted to improving life through the development of products and technologies that span the breadth of healthcare. With a portfolio of leading, science-based offerings in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals, Abbott serves people in more than 150 countries and employs approximately 74,000 people.
Title: Advisor
               Company: Galileo Pharmaceuticals Inc
Job Details
               Galileo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is focused on the discovery and development of small molecule therapeutics to treat metabolic diseases and other disorders mediated by inflammation. We are a privately-held, venture-backed company headquartered in Santa Clara, California. Our major investors include Alloy Ventures, Bay City Capital, Bio*One Capital, Inventages Venture Capital, and the Johnson & Johnson Development Corporation.
Additional Professional Information on George W Carter

 See George W Carter's LinkedIn Profile



George W Carter's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for George W Carter


George W Carter's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of George W Carter's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
George Carter
Username Matches

                  GeorgeCarter
                  CarterGeorge
                  George.Carter
                  Carter.George
                  George_Carter
                  Carter_George
                  George-Carter
                  Carter-George
                  GCarter
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Carter







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


















George Carter - Previous President for G & L Products, Inc.














































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California



                
                >
                

Laguna Hills







 George Carter
                        

Archived Record

                                    Laguna Hills,
                                    CA
                                
—
Previous President for G & L Products, Inc.













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























George Carter Overview
                    

George Carter has been associated with one company, according to public records. The company was incorporated in California twenty-one years ago and is no longer active. 
                    
                






Background Report for George W. Carter


 Includes Age, Location, Address History for George W. Carter
 Arrest, Criminal, & Driving Records 
 Social Media Profiles
 Possible relatives
 Full Background Report 




                    Get Report
                



                        Sponsored Advertisement

                    











Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Companies for George Carter








Name
Status
Incorporated
Key People
Role






                            G & L Products, Inc.
                        



                        Inactive
                    


                        
                            1996
                        
                


                                1
                            



                                President
                            



















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for George Carter










24771 Alicia Pkwy
Laguna Hills, CA 92653









Advertisements










Source







California Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, July 3, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for George Carter.
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for George Carter and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















1
                    Known Addresses
                




                                24771 Alicia Pkwy  Laguna Hills, CA 92653

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with George Carter however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




                Source
            





                        California Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,570 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,717 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,145 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,442 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,180 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,578 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,846 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,717 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,838 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,966 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,529 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,170 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,570 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,318 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,341 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,853 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,364 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,609 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,570 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,762 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,575 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,391 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,526 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,310 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,011 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,079 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,211 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,251 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,668 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,323 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,145 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,362 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,904 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,696 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,442 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,353 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,727 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,590 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,494 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,566 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,731 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,225 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,145 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,650 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,492 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,493 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,074 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,944 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































California Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Silverback 5150 Pictures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Allen Hughes










Entit Software LLC

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeremy K. Cox
Christopher Hsu
Remi Thomas










Sturmer Pippin Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redding, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
H36 Sturmer Pippin Holding Company, LLC










Big Bay City, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaley Cuoco Living Trust










DAR Waterfront & Associates, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sherman Oaks, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel A. Rivero










Dura Logistics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Chino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric James Price
Varoujean Salatian










Honey and Lace, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beaumont, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Gail Ingram
Dianne Ingram










Unification Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fremont, CA
                                                
                                        










H&S Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan & Sons, Inc.










Mpower Networks Services, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Jalkut










Mirando Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Studios, Inc.
Netflix Studios, LLC










Duke Partners II, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wedgewood LLC
Gregory L. Geiser
David R. Wehrly










Afinarte Music, LLC

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jorge Gaxiola
Luis M. Magallon










The Ululu Company

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Matt Groening










Raterlabs, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daren Russell Jackson
Monique Jackson










Salomon Investment Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alejandro Salomon










Dli Properties LLC

                                                
                                                    Agoura Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Strategic Acquisitions










Sisyphus Touring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Defcon-1 of Temecula, Lp

                                                
                                                    Temecula, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jacob Goodell
Alan McEwan










Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Gep Talent Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gep Atl LLC










Off Price Apparel, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Monica, CA
                                                
                                        










Sonder Restaurant Bakersfield, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        










Adventures In Wonderland, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Modgene Pharma LLC

                                                
                                                    Cardiff, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
J. Gregor Sutcliffe
Brian Hilbush










Treyball Development, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harry Smith










Necronomicom, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Psiquantum, Corp.

                                                
                                                    Palo Alto, CA
                                                
                                        










Not Too Big to Fall Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nigel Johnson










Atz Ventures Corp.

                                                
                                                    City of Industry, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jason Ho










Breckenridge Property Fund 2016, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David R. Wehrly
Gregory L. Geiser
Wedgewood LLC










Clear Recon Corp

                                                
                                                    San Diego, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steven W. Pite
David S. Dallal
Arianna L. Black










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Rasier, LLC

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Karen Walker
Gautam Gupta
Axel Martinez










Tiger Financial Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aysen Ozkan
Brian Ozkan Trust 2/12/
Brian Ozkan Trust Dated 2 12 07










Campion Maverick Inc.

                                                
                                                    La Jolla, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anjum Mahmood
Mukesh Assomull
Priya Assomull










Imperishable Crown LLC

                                                
                                                    Fresno, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gianeh Arakelyan
Matthew Allen Garabedian










Dome Garage, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nationwide Theatres Corp.










Cloudchip, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Cupertino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David D. Tsang
Jun Li










Xcl Titling Trust

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wilmington Trust National Association
Xchange Leasing, LLC










Arirang Mongolian Buffet LLC

                                                
                                                    Clovis, CA
                                                
                                        










M&A Instruments Inc

                                                
                                                    Arcadia, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qiang Zhang










Moorish Dignity Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Monica Owusu-Breen










Progenitech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Renee Ying
Jeffrey Ying
Renee Chen










Three Sons & A Dog, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Granada Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fordall Cole
Ford V. Cole










Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Peter Moldt










Costzon Inc.

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Yindong Xu










Gyrfalcon Technology Inc.

                                                
                                                    Milpitas, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Qi Dong










Fashion Nova, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Panorama City, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Saghian










Hungry Jackal Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dustin Lance Black



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Lightning Credit Solutions LLC
21 days ago


Los Angeles




Brainesis Inc
21 days ago


San Gabriel




Field/Paoli Architects, Inc.
21 days ago


San Francisco




Asm Equities, Inc.
21 days ago


Los Angeles




I’'ll Just Open A Shop Inc
21 days ago


Alhambra




Adamas Pharma, LLC
21 days ago


Emeryville




Ring Protect Inc.
21 days ago


Santa Monica




Coresystems USA Inc.
22 days ago


San Francisco




Reason 4 Sports LLC
22 days ago


Encino




Pevii Plano Block A, LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Vicura Dfw, LLC
22 days ago


Corona del Mar




Windsor 5250 Spe, LLC
22 days ago


Newport Beach




Cwsfg 17 Galleria 5250, LLC
22 days ago


Newport Beach




Teledyne E2V, Inc.
22 days ago


Milpitas




Cws Galleria 5250, L.P.
22 days ago


Newport Beach




Regents 5250 Spe, LLC
22 days ago


Newport Beach




Msl Sacto, LLC
22 days ago


Costa Mesa




Smith Legacy, LLC
22 days ago


Encino




Wip - Arbor Vista 2, LLC
22 days ago


San Francisco




Hill Country Elephant Preserve
22 days ago


Perris




Gokairav Tx LLC
22 days ago


Tustin




Eternity Bay Group LLC
23 days ago


Danville




2020 Beast Holdings, LLC
23 days ago


City of Industry




Miami Color Creations LLC
23 days ago


Encino




Beakerbox, LLC
23 days ago


Los Angeles




Moonlights LLC
23 days ago


Reseda




Squire Financial Services LLC
23 days ago


La Quinta




Pelican Ranch LLC
23 days ago


Valley Village




Metalk and His Friends Technology, LLC
23 days ago


San Jose




Tech Financial, LLC
23 days ago


Beverly Hills




Unvig, LLC
23 days ago


Los Angeles




Carlmont Hills, LLC
23 days ago


Los Altos Hills




A Better Community LLC
23 days ago


Bakersfield




Golestan Properties, LLC
23 days ago


Los Gatos




Financial Reporting Specialists LLC
23 days ago


Glendale




J & R Restaurants, LLC
23 days ago


Bassett




Alt Services LLC
23 days ago


Pioneer




Nabuk Services, LLC
23 days ago


Bakersfield




Los Angeles Basketball Academy LLC
23 days ago


Los Angeles




Golden Fabricates LLC.
23 days ago


Turlock




Memo's Tires & Auto Repair, LLC
23 days ago


Kerman




Hello June Films LLC
23 days ago


North Hollywood




O'Dell Farms, LLC
23 days ago


Cardiff




Plebs and Largess LLC
23 days ago


Pacific Palisades




Dillon J Shook, LLC
23 days ago


Encino




Terra Luna Farms, LLC
23 days ago


Rohnert Park




Atlas Behavior Services LLC
23 days ago


Sherman Oaks




So On Music LLC
23 days ago


Los Angeles




Citygirlgonemom, LLC
23 days ago


Carlsbad




Cape Nano Products LLC
23 days ago


San Diego









Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,382
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,066
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,615
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,771
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,867
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,517
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,518
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,076
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,605
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,448
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,561
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















Laguna Hills, California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Laguna Hills, CA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Soteria Mechatronics LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles Eugene Van Druff










KP3 Endeavors, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Robert Steven Karr










Ecological Alliance, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harmony Welsh










Laguna Asset Partners, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ralph Beatty
McKay Florence










Schoonys Fruit & Produce, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        










Alpha Wave Investors, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jordan J. Fisher
Kenneth E. Cruse










Dvup, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        










Ashford Apartments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Koussay Okko
Oskar Okko










Junyu He Insurance Agency, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Junyu He










Fresh Food Ranch Market, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ali Akbar Etesamnia










Five for Fighting Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Paul A. Pellizzon
Miles M. Whitty










Kiska Bay Company, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alan J. Zemek
Keiko Huitsu










Grady International, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Joseph R. Tomkinson
Grady Nolan Mills










Accesstek, LLC

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Brian W. Cortright
Lisa P. Cortright










Professional Equities International

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ronald E. Horowitz










Frias Works Inc

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        










Reynolds M&E Corp.

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Anton R. Jones










Wallaby Medical, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Laguna Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Michael Nevin Alper




















                    Recently found companies in Laguna Hills
                





Company
Found




Colonnello Properties - Roseville, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Colonnello Properties - Spring Valley, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Colonnello Properties - Granada Hills, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Hps Pacific, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Og Falcons, LLC


                23 days ago
            



M. C. Calkins Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Kmm Engineering, Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Bright Vision Group, Inc.


                23 days ago
            



Network Financial Services Corporation


                23 days ago
            



Amazonian Studios LLC


                31 days ago
            



Newport Alpha, LLC


                31 days ago
            



Esi Tec, LLC


                31 days ago
            



Rawr! for A Reason


                31 days ago
            



Barley Bros LLC


                1 month ago
            



The Mediterranean Arts and Cultural Festival, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



The Bammer Group


                1 month ago
            



Carwin Auto Group, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Hycid Corporation


                1 month ago
            



Windsong Windows and Doors Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Atlas Cabinets and Stone, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Executive Concierge and Transportation, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Sdraft LLC


                1 month ago
            



Orange County Auto Sales, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Pentagon Auto Body Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Rje & Associates, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



High Efficiency Dehumidification Systems, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Alternative Real Estate Holdings III, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Aassii, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Second Reef LLC


                1 month ago
            



Yates Electric Aviation, LLC


                1 month ago
            



Forj Inc


                1 month ago
            



Easylcap Corp


                1 month ago
            



California Vape Wholesale, Inc.


                1 month ago
            



Cyanspring Inc


                1 month ago
            



Junyu He Insurance Agency, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Lou Dog Investment Solutions, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Fair Canine Foundation


                2 months ago
            



Fatalbite Entertainment, LLC


                2 months ago
            



Queen Mary Film, LLC


                2 months ago
            



The Home Birth Practice


                2 months ago
            



Integrated Business Management Solutions, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



DRAGONFLY360, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Tshekedi G. Dennis, M.D., Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Fayth A. Bloomer, CRNA, A Professional Nursing Corporation


                2 months ago
            



Fredianelli Construction, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Upper Level Options


                2 months ago
            



Big Pete Management, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Hsp-Lb Corporation


                2 months ago
            



Nobar Sabz, Inc.


                2 months ago
            



Axis Supply Corporation


                2 months ago
            








Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,382
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,066
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,615
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,771
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,867
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,517
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,518
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,076
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,605
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,448
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,561
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.



















The War against Regulation: From Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush (Studies in Government and Public Policy) (Studies in Government & Public Policy)












































Search










Home
The War against Regulation: From Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush (Studies in Government and Public Policy) (Studies in Government & Public Policy)
























 




 Hardcover ¬ Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas
The War against Regulation: From Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush (Studies in Government and Public Policy) (Studies in Government & Public Policy)

Manufactured by: Univ Pr of Kansas

Shop Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas


Amazon.com / Amazon Seller Price as of 10:16 [Europe/Berlin] - More info

Images  |  Prices & Deals  |  Information







Product HighlightsUsed Book in Good ConditionBattered by our economy and disappointed by our government's role in that battering, we might be tempted to point the finger of blame at whoever's currently on the hot seat in front of us. But, as Phillip Cooper shows, we must widen our vision to take in the long history behind this dismal state of affairs. By doing so, it becomes clear that our present circumstances are in many ways the predictable outcome of a several-decades-long war against government regulation and its potential to protect and improve our lives. Cooper explains how the war against regulation has been conducted both from within and outside the government over the past thirty years. Chronicling its major battles from the Jimmy Carter years through the presidency of George W. Bush, he shows that it is a war waged by Democrats and Republicans alike that has been fought in high places but whose casualties include children, senior citizens, the infirm, and millions of families who have lost their homes and retirement savings. Cooper tells how Carter, praised for environmental regulation, worked to deregulate airlines, trucking, and banks; how Reagan undertook administrative rather than legislative measures against regulation most of which weren't understood or even known by the public; and how George H.W. Bush continued the fight with the Quayle Commission. He describes Bill Clinton's commitment to fighting regulation despite having campaigned against his Republican predecessors' policies, then describes the behind-the-scenes maneuverings of George W. Bush as he sought to gut regulatory agencies entirely. He also devotes an entire chapter to parallel developments in the Supreme Court that substantially advanced the deregulation agenda during this era. Cooper contends that regulation, as one of a number of policy tools available to our leaders, is neither good nor bad in and of itself. Excessive deregulation-as opposed to regulatory reform, can present considerable peril, as current events clearly show. By considering key issues important to a more effective understanding and use of regulation in the future, The War against Regulation makes a vital case for restoring debate about regulation's rightful role within the republic and offers hope that a better understanding of that role can help lift us out of our current crisis.









Warranty
Awaiting Information
Weight & Dimensions
Length: 16.002cm  /  Width: 2.54cm  /  Height: 23.368cmWeight: 0.59kg

 Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on eBay Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on amazon 



Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on eBay

Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on amazon























Prices & Deals




 Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on eBay Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on amazon 



Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on eBay

Brand: Univ Pr of Kansas on amazon









All Amazon.com / Amazon.co.uk / Amazon Seller Prices are listed here as of 10:16 [Europe/Berlin]

Product prices and availability are accurate as of the time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on amazon.com and amazon.co.uk sites at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.

Related Items
The Unsteady March: The Rise and Decline of Racial Equality in AmericaBy Order of the President: The Use and Abuse of Executive Direct Action (Studies in Government and Public Policy)Responsibility for JusticeComparative Public Policy (The Public Policy Series)The Tools of Government: A Guide to the New GovernanceAbolition Of White DemocracyDesigning Social Inquiry: Scientific Inference in Qualitative ResearchThe Political Research Experience: Readings and AnalysisContemporary Policy AnalysisPublic Policy Analysis


Info

U.S. News | Latest National News, Videos & Photos - ABC ...Sections; Top Stories; Watch; U.S. International; Politics; Lifestyle; Entertainment; Virtual Reality; Health; Tech; Investigative; Sports; Weather; Shows. Shows ... ¬ abcnews.go.comAXS - Official Tickets and Your Source for Live EntertainmentThe AXS Cookie Policy. This website, like most others, uses cookies in order to give you a great online experience. By continuing to use our website you accept to our ... ¬ www.axs.comConfederate States of America - WikipediaThe Confederate States of America (CSA or C.S.), commonly referred to as the Confederacy, was a self-proclaimed nation of 11 secessionist slave states of the United ... ¬ en.wikipedia.org




Image of The War against Regulation: From Jimmy Carter to George W. Bush (Studies in Government and Public Policy) (Studies in Government & Public Policy)







Related Items
United States



The Unsteady March: The Rise and Decline of Racial Equality in AmericaBy Order of the President: The Use and Abuse of Executive Direct Action (Studies in Government and Public Policy)Responsibility for JusticeComparative Public Policy (The Public Policy Series)The Tools of Government: A Guide to the New GovernanceAbolition Of White DemocracyDesigning Social Inquiry: Scientific Inference in Qualitative ResearchThe Political Research Experience: Readings and AnalysisContemporary Policy AnalysisPublic Policy Analysis


New United States
Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIKillers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIKillers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIThe American Spirit: Who We Are and What We Stand ForThe Radium Girls: The Dark Story of America's Shining WomenThe American Spirit: Who We Are and What We Stand ForThe Radium Girls: The Dark Story of America's Shining WomenWhite Trash: The 400-Year Untold History of Class in AmericaThe Black Hand: The Epic War Between a Brilliant Detective and the Deadliest Secret Society in American HistoryThe Gatekeepers: How the White House Chiefs of Staff Define Every Presidency
Top 10 Selling United States
Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIKillers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIWashington: The Indispensable ManAmerican Gothic: The Story of America's Legendary Theatrical Family-Junius, Edwin, and John Wilkes BoothFranklin (The Thomas Fleming Library)Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIThe Immortal Life of Henrietta LacksVegas and the Mob: Forty Years of FrenzyThe Immortal Life of Henrietta LacksAgony and Eloquence: John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and a World of Revolution








Reviews





War on Women - WikipediaWar on Women is an expression in United States politics used to describe certain Republican Party policies and legislation as a wide-scale effort to restrict women's ... ¬ en.wikipedia.orgLatest Topics | ZDNetLatest trending topics being covered on ZDNet including Reviews, Tech Industry, Security, Hardware, Apple, and Windows ¬ www.zdnet.comThe political economy of Mexico's drug war | International ...THE MEXICAN drug war is a killing machine. The level of violence and slaughter is similar to conventional warfare. In just six years, 70,000 people have been killed ... ¬ isreview.orgCivil War (comics) - WikipediaPublication history. The premise of Civil War involves the introduction of a Superhuman Registration Act in the United States. Similar acts have been used as literary ... ¬ en.wikipedia.orgBank failures and regulation: a critical review: Journal ...Citation: Mikael Petitjean, (2013) "Bank failures and regulation: a critical review", Journal of Financial Regulation and Compliance, Vol. 21 Issue: 1, pp.16-38, doi ... ¬ www.emeraldinsight.com















About

 
selloscope is an online shopping research tool devised to help users find useful information about products and retailers
selloscope.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com and amazon.co.uk.
CERTAIN CONTENT THAT APPEARS ON THIS SITE COMES FROM AMAZON.COM, INC. THIS CONTENT IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE OR REMOVAL AT ANY TIME.
selloscope.com is a participant of the eBay Partner Network affiliate program, and is authorized by eBay to retrieve and monetize data for relevant listings appearing on eBay.
selloscope.com uses the Google AdSense advertising program, and may display advertisements provided by Google and/or any of Google's partner ad networks.




Home
Retailer Directory
Popular Products
Product Categories
Terms
Privacy
Disclaimer






selloscope - The Product Research Site  ¬  2017  ¬  All information provided under disclaimer. All services provided under terms.













 x 

Loading...




Jet.com - Prices Drop As You ShopSkip to navigationSkip to cartSkip to footerMy FavesPromotionsEasy ReorderWhy Shop Jet?Track Your OrderFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsCATEGORIESRegister | Log InEnter Zip CodeAccountMy FavesEasy ReorderEasy ReorderMy ProfileOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutLog InRegisterEnter your zip codeMy FavesEasy ReorderMy ProfileMy FavesEasy ReorderOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutCat NavNeed help? We're available 24/7.1 (855) 538-4323|help@jet.com|FAQCompanyAbout UsCareersSell on JetJet AffiliatesJetCaresTech BlogDownloadSocialfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramTips, Tricks, and Life HacksJet BlogGet the Offersemail iconSign up for our emailsFeedbackat sign iconSend us your feedbackCopyright © 2017 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 3:958:1501021979745:Version: 3:958:1501021979745:Privacy NoticeTerms of Use


Bio, Carter, George W.


CARTER, GEORGE WILLIAMS
Name: George Williams Carter
Rank/Branch: O4/US Army
Unit: Advisory Team 22 - MACV
Date of Birth: 04 December 1933 (Nicholls GA)
Home City of Record: Apopka FL
Date of Loss: 24 April 1972
Country of Loss: South Vietnam
Loss Coordinates: 143918N 1074711E (ZB001219)
Status (in 1973): Killed/Body Not Recovered
Category: 3
Aircraft/Vehicle/Ground: Ground
Refno: 1833
Other Personnel in Incident: Robert W. Brownlee; Wade L. Ellen; James E.
Hunsicker; Johnny M. Jones; Kenneth J. Yonan; Franklin Zollicoffer (all
missing); Charles M. Lea; Rickey V. Vogel (helicopter crew, rescued); Julius
G. Warmath; John P. Keller; Walter H. Ward (helicopter passengers, rescued);
Charles W. Gordon, Cao Ky Chi (evaded capture near Dak To)
Source: Compiled from one or more of the following: raw data from U.S.
Government agency sources, correspondence with POW/MIA families,
published sources, interviews. Updated by the P.O.W. NETWORK in 2007.
REMARKS: KIA ON ISLE - 5 RCV - NT SUBJ - J
SYNOPSIS: On the evening of April 23, 1972, Capt. Kenneth J. Yonan
accompanied his ARVN counterpart to a water tower located on the
northwestern edge of the Tanh Canh base camp compound near Dak To, Kontum
Province, South Vietnam. Yonan was an advisor assigned to Advisory Team 22,
MACV, and was assisting the ARVN 42nd Regiment based there.
At about 0530 hours on April 24, Capt. Yonan was still in the water tower
when Viet Cong attacked the camp perimeter. Although tanks fired at and hit
the water tower, two other advisors spoke to Capt. Yonan after the firing
and Yonan reported that he was not hit and planned to join the other
advisors when it was safe to do so. Radio contact was maintained with Yonan
until 0730 hours. The other U.S. advisors began escape and evasion
operations from the beleaguered compound.
Team 22 Advisors Maj. George W. Carter, Maj. Julius G. Warmath, and Capt.
John P. Keller, were extracted by helicopter. The aircraft was a UH1H from
the 52nd Aviation Battalion, 17th Aviation Group, (serial #69-15715) and was
flown by Lt. James E. Hunsicker. WO Wade L. Ellen was the co-pilot of the
chopper, and SP4 Charles M. Lea, and SP5 Rickey V. Vogel were crewmen. Other
persons extracted included 1Lt. Johnny M. Jones, from the 52nd Aviation
Battalion; SP4 Franklin Zollicoffer, from the U.S. Army Installation at
Pleiku, and Sgt. Walter H. Ward, unit not specified.
The helicopter departed to the northwest from Dak To, but was apparently hit
by enemy fire, as it crashed and burned on a small island in the Dak Poko
River about 500 meters from the end of the dock to the runway. Because of
the rolling terrain, personnel at the airfield did not see the aircraft
impact. A pilot flying over the wreckage reported that the helicopter was
burning, but they could see no survivors. It was later discovered that five
people did survive the crash - Warmath, Keller, Vogel, Ward and Lea.
According to their statements, Hunsicker, Ellen, Zollicoffer, Jones and
Carter were all dead.
Two other Team 22, MACV Advisors, LtCol. Robert W. Brownlee and Capt.
Charles W. Gordon, and their ARVN interpreter, Sgt. Cao Ky Chi, were in a
bunker near the airstrip approximately 4 kilometers to the west of the base
camp when they were forced to withdraw under heavy enemy attack. They
proceeded south of the compound across the Dak Poko River, but LtCol.
Brownlee became separated from the others as they were advancing up a hill.
Sgt. Chi and Capt. Gordon called out to him, but received no response. From
the top of the hill, Sgt. Chi heard the enemy call out to someone in
Vietnamese to halt and raise their hands. Sgt. Chi believed the Viet Cong
were speaking to LtCol. Brownlee. Gordon and Chi evaded capture and
eventually made their way to safety.
A Vietnamese who was captured and subsequently released reported that he had
talked to another prisoner who had witnessed LtCol.Brownlee's death. He was
told that LtCol. Brownlee had killed himself with his own pistol when
communist soldiers told him to raise his hands in an attempt to capture him.
Additional hearsay reports of his suicide were reported by another ARVN
source.
Yonan never caught up with the others. For three days, helicopter searches
were made of the area with no success. Ground search, because of the hostile
threat in the area, was not practical.
In April 1988, the Vietnamese "discovered" the remains of Capt. Kenneth J.
Yonan and returned them to the U.S. in a spirit of stepped-up cooperation on
the POW/MIA issue. For nearly 20 years, this 1969 West Point graduate was a
prisoner of war - alive or dead. His family now knows with certainty that he
is dead, but may never learn how - or when - he died.
In addition to the reports regarding Brownlee's death, a South Vietnamese
soldier reported that he observed the capture of one "big" American from the
camp. Another report described the capture of a U.S. Captain stationed at
the camp.
Since the war ended, reports and refugee testimony have convinced many
authorities that not only do the Vietnamese possess several hundred sets of
Americans' remains, more startlingly, they also control hundreds of living
American prisoners.
As long as they are allowed to do so, the Vietnamese will return remains at
politically expedient intervals. As long as they are allowed to do so, they
will hold our men prisoner.
--------------------

Official data bases do not tell the whole story of this mission.
While Rickey Von Vogel is only noted as "rescued", in reality, Sp5 Vogel was
missing from April 24, 1972 until his return to military control May 6,
1972. During that time, despite severe wounds that included bullet wounds
and broken bones, he managed to escape and evade capture for almost 2 weeks
until his rescue.
Rickey Vogel was awarded the Purple Heart and 3 Air Medals in addition to
various Vietnam awards and decorations for his service. After his medical
evacuation and recovery, he continued to serve his country until his
discharge in 1974.
-----------------------------
From: "W Page"
Subject: POW- Kenneth Yonan - captured mid May in bunker
Date: Fri, 29 Sep 2006 20:50:32 -0500



    My interest in POW/MIA (returned) Kenneth Yonan is very personal. Some
    of us ( D 1/12th Cav in AO at the time) were tasked to rescue him but
    couldn't because of the numerically superior enemy and armor.
  

     
  

    Thought you may be interested to know of this
    document found at the Texas Tech Archives. The archive document number
    is actually the numerals within the named file. View the very last page at
    the bottom. Before Jimmy Gillespie ( my buddy in D 1/12th Cav), who was with
    me passed away he had reminded me of an American who had come into our tiny
    AO and stayed a bit and left. We never knew who he was. We always
    wondered if it could have been Ken Yonan or someone else. So many
    records are wrong or incomplete.
  

     
  

    Note that Kenneth Yonan had previously been the CO of D 1/12th Cav before he
    transferred to Adv. Team 22. Captain Dombrosky replaced him at D 1/12th and
    in turn Captain John H. Wheeler replaced Capt. Dombrosky about mid March
    1972.
  

     
  

     
  

    Best,
  

     
  

    William
    More files from W. Page  
    09/2007
National
    Archives Documents


24 April 1972
"TAN CANH LOG
National
Archives Docs
 









George W. Carter -
            People - Department History - Office of the Historian





Learn about the beta



































George W. Carter -
            People - Department History




Home


Department History


People

George W. Carter





George W. Carter (1826–1901)

Non-career appointeeState of Residence: Louisiana
Minister Resident (Venezuela)Appointed: June 30, 1881Termination of Mission: Superseded May 16, 1882
Commissioned during a recess of the Senate. Was not issued a letter of credence,
                but entered into a “practical” relationship with the Government of Venezuela in
                September 1881, serving at Caracas until superseded.  











Department History



Short History


Buildings of the
                                    Department


People


Biographies of the Secretaries of State


Principal Officers and Chiefs of Mission




Travels


Travels
                                            of the Secretary


Travels
                                            of the President




Visits by Foreign
                                    Leaders


World War I and the
                                    Department


U.S. Diplomatic
                                    Couriers






















Department History - Office of the Historian





Learn about the beta







































Home


Department History







Department History
Since its creation in 1789, the Department of State has carried out a series
                        of reorganizations and has created new offices and bureaus to deal with new
                        diplomatic challenges.
This portion of our website contains a short history of the
                            department, biographies of the Secretaries of State, a database of Principal
                            Officers and Chiefs of Mission, and a history of the buildings of the Department
                            of State.
The Department of State has grown significantly over the years. The first
                        Secretary of State, Thomas Jefferson, oversaw a small staff of one chief
                        clerk, three other clerks, a translator, and a messenger and only maintained
                        two diplomatic posts, in London and Paris, as well as 10 consular posts. 
World War I (1914–1918) and World War II (1939–1945) brought vastly increased
                        global responsibilities to the United States as it emerged as a preeminent
                        power. New challenges after the end of the Cold War and the fall of the
                        Soviet Union, included: 
the newly independent states,
the global economy,
terrorism, and
the security of the American overseas presence. 

To address these changing global circumstances, the number of domestic and
                        overseas employees (not counting local employees) grew to: 
1,228 in 1900,
1,968 in 1940,
13,294 in 1960,
and 15,751 in the year 2000.

The number of diplomatic posts increased from 41 in 1900 to 168 in 2004 and
                        continues to grow.





Department History



Short
                                History


Buildings of the
                                Department


People


Biographies
                                        of the Secretaries of State


Principal Officers and Chiefs of Mission




Travels


Travels of
                                        the Secretary


Travels of
                                        the President




Visits by Foreign Leaders


World War I and the Department


U.S. Diplomatic
                                Couriers






















People - Department History - Office of the Historian





Learn about the beta



































People - Department History




Home


Department History


People







People
The people who have served the Department of State represent a long and
                        complex tradition of U.S. diplomacy. This section contains a variety of
                        information about these people and their work. It includes the following: 

Biographies
                                of the Secretaries of State and suggestions for further reading
                                about these public servants;
Extensive lists of the past Principal
                                    Officers of the Department of State and Chiefs of Mission
                                organized by position, country, and name; 
Details about the foreign travels of the Secretaries of State and the Presidents of
                                    the United States; and,
Lists of the visits of
                                    foreign leaders to the United States.






Department History



Short
                                History


Buildings of the
                                Department


People


Biographies
                                        of the Secretaries of State


Principal Officers and Chiefs of Mission




Travels


Travels of
                                        the Secretary


Travels of
                                        the President




Visits by Foreign Leaders


World War I and the Department


U.S. Diplomatic
                                Couriers


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














george w carter - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found George Carter | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​George Carter



1) George Carter's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Carter George's Arrests | PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Search Carter George's Records Free & Anonymously.





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records





Carter George's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know Carter George's possible criminal history is online





Learn More



Best People Search



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records





Featured Result


Best george washington carver printables results on the web




https://search.wow.com/george+washington+carver+printables

Discover the best on the web about george washington carver printables including news, videos and images.  The best content on the internet, all in one place for you to discover more.

Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Jon Stewart Mocks George W. Bush's Artsy Retirement By ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/11/10/jon-stewart-bush-carter...


Jon Stewart Mocks George W. Bush's Artsy Retirement By Comparing It To Jimmy Carter's. ... Jimmy Carter. "Jimmy Carter's, like, 108, he's out in Africa, ...


The Net Worth Of Every American President, From Washington ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/02/21/the-net-worth-of-the-amer_n...


The Net Worth Of Every American President, ... Jimmy Carter's publishing royalties may have improved. ... George W. Bush (2001-2008), ...


George W. Bush doesn't like the Trump-era 'racism and name ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/02/28/george-w-bush-doesn-t...


Former first lady Rosalynn Carter, Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, former first lady Hillary Clinton, and former President George W. Bush attend the ...


My 10 Worst Presidents Of All-Time | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/ten-worst-presidents-all-time-guess...


Jimmy Carter, who is on my list, was an ineffectual president although he became a bright light for justice after leaving office. ... George W. Bush, ...


George W. Bush on Trump's inauguration: 'That was some ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/03/30/george-w-bush-trump...


Former first lady Rosalynn Carter, Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, former first lady Hillary Clinton, and former President George W. Bush attend the ...


Nancy Pelosi wishes George W. Bush was still president - AOL

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/05/01/nancy-pelosi-wishes...


Former first lady Rosalynn Carter, Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, former first lady Hillary Clinton, and former President George W. Bush attend the ...


Where are they now: What's keeping past presidents and ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2017/01/17/where-are-they-now...


President Carter began his writing career with the 1975 book, ... George W. Bush returned to Texas and started the George W. Bush Presidential Center, ...


George W. Bush reveals the advice he'd give President ...

https://www.aol.com/article/news/2017/03/05/george-w-bush-reveals...


Former first lady Rosalynn Carter, Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, former first lady Hillary Clinton, and former President George W. Bush attend the ...


What The Five Ex-Presidents Should Say About Trump

www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/what-the-five-ex-presidents-should...


I don’t expect it anytime soon, but I wish former presidents Jimmy Carter, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama would break a...


- WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/George_W._Carter


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...










We Found George Carter | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​George Carter



1) George Carter's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Carter George's Arrests | PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com



Search Carter George's Records Free & Anonymously.





Public Records



Marriage Records



Arrest Records




Driving Records



Background Checks



Divorce Records





Carter George's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know Carter George's possible criminal history is online





Learn More



Best People Search



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records




Searches related togeorge w carter



george washington carver printables


george washington carver


george w carter biography


george washington carver biography



george washington carver timeline


george washington carver facts for kids


george washington carver achievements


george washington carver museum




12345Next

Related Searches



george washington carver printables


george washington carver


george w carter biography


george washington carver biography


george washington carver timeline


george washington carver facts for kids


george washington carver achievements


george washington carver museum




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








 






Carter George Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Carter George Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Carter's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Carter George's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Carter George's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Carter George 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Carter’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailCarter’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Carter’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Carter is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Carter’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Carter is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Carter's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Carter's background in the comforts of home.
Carter will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Carter's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Carter George, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Carter's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 

































Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















