

Casetext Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























casetext inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Technology Services
Sub-Industry: Information Services
Casetext Inc. operates as a public legal research tool and online community. The Company provides an open online searchable database of legal documents annotated by attorneys and experts. Casetext serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

330 Townsend Street
Suite 100
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.casetext.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company


John Buttrick
Union Square Ventures LLC


Rebecca Lynn
Canvas Management Co LLC




























From The Web












Press Releases




Casetext Names Andrea Austin as Vice President of Sales

1 day ago



Casetext Names Jeroen Plink to Board of Directors

Jul 19, 2017



Casetext Unveils CARA Brief Finder

May 17, 2017



Casetext’s Legal Research Platform, CARA, Named New Product of the Year by AALL

May 09, 2017






Key Executives


Jake Heller


CEO/Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Casetext
Search results include cases, statutes, and regulations, as well as relevant analysis by leading lawyers, law firms, and academics.CARAHomeCARAFeaturesAboutPricingGet a DemoGet a DemoLog InCasetext
Search results include cases, statutes, and regulations, as well as relevant analysis by leading lawyers, law firms, and academics.CARAHomeCARAFeaturesAboutPricingGet a DemoGet a DemoLog In










Laura Safdie | Casetext, Inc | Email @casetext.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Laura Safdie

 Casetext, Inc  Chief Operating Officer & General Counsel


Updated On : 
                    Jul 27, 2017                            

export

















430 Sherman Avenue,

Palo Alto, CA 94306


Email format for @casetext.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
20 - 49

Revenue:  
5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                        Services->Legal                    
SIC Code:  
                         Unavailable 








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Their Chief Operating Officer & General Counsel is Laura Safdie. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Legal industry. If you're checking for Casetext, Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @casetext.com email addresses and possibly Laura Safdie's email. Casetext, Inc is based in Palo Alto, CA. You can also get Laura Safdie's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Legal category.  Some possible email formats for Laura Safdie are LSafdie@casetext.com, Laura.Safdie@casetext.com, Laura@casetext.com, and Laura_Safdie@casetext.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@casetext.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Laura S - Other
American Express Company's Dedicated Acct Rep is Laura S. They are based in New York, NY, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Financial services industry. Laura S's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other American Express Company contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @americanexpress.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Laura S are LS@americanexpress.com, Laura.S@americanexpress.com, Laura@americanexpress.com, and Laura_S@americanexpress.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@americanexpress.com addresses.
Laura S - Other
A Ann Arbor, MI-based organization, NSF International is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @nsf.org email addresses, as well as details on Laura S's email, the organization's Livestock Supervisor. Their profile can be found in Non-profit category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Laura S, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Laura S are LS@nsf.org, Laura.S@nsf.org, Laura@nsf.org, and Laura_S@nsf.org. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@nsf.org addresses.
Laura S - Other
Lakehead University's full time student-concurrent education is where Laura S is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Thunder Bay, ON, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Education/training industry. Laura S's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Lakehead University email addresses on Lead411 with the @lakeheadu.ca domain.  Some possible email formats for Laura S are LS@lakeheadu.ca, Laura.S@lakeheadu.ca, Laura@lakeheadu.ca, and Laura_S@lakeheadu.ca. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lakeheadu.ca addresses.



Similar Employees:
Anand Upadhye - Other
Anand Upadhye is part of Casetext, Inc, an organization which has its main offices in Palo Alto, CA.  Anand serves as the Vice President, Business Development at Casetext, Inc.  If you're searching for Casetext, Inc email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @casetext.com along with Anand Upadhye's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Casetext, Inc's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Legal industry.  Some possible email formats for Anand Upadhye are AUpadhye@casetext.com, Anand.Upadhye@casetext.com, Anand@casetext.com, and Anand_Upadhye@casetext.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@casetext.com addresses.
Andrew Cedotal - Executive
Casetext, Inc's Product Manager is Andrew Cedotal. They are based in Palo Alto, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Legal industry. Andrew Cedotal's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other Casetext, Inc contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @casetext.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Andrew Cedotal are ACedotal@casetext.com, Andrew.Cedotal@casetext.com, Andrew@casetext.com, and Andrew_Cedotal@casetext.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@casetext.com addresses.
Jake Heller - Executive
For Casetext, Inc email addresses with the @casetext.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Jake Heller, you may check in Casetext, Inc's Lead411 profile. Jake Heller is currently the CEO for Casetext, Inc. The company's CEO is Jake Heller. The contact information of Casetext, Inc on Lead411 is filed under the Legal. Their main offices are in Palo Alto, CA.  Some possible email formats for Jake Heller are JHeller@casetext.com, Jake.Heller@casetext.com, Jake@casetext.com, and Jake_Heller@casetext.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@casetext.com addresses.

People Directory > Laura Safdie




























Jake Heller | Casetext, Inc | Email CEO @casetext.com CFO 

















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    Casetext, Inc





casetext.com





430 Sherman Avenue,                 
                 
Palo Alto, CA 94306
Phone: 408-505-1614
Fax: N/A










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

20 - 49

Revenue: 

5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                    Services->Legal                
SIC Code:  
                     Unavailable 
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All CDN
OS
Pay










Amazon AWS / Cloudfront
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery network (CDN) offered by Amazon Web Services. CloudFront operates on a pay-as-you-go basis. The service was launched in beta on November 18, 2008.CloudFront has servers located in Europe (United Kingdom, Ireland, The Netherlands, Germany, Spain), Asia (Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan and India), Australia, South America, as well as in several major cities in the United States.CloudFront competes with larger content delivery networks such as Akamai and Limelight Networks. Upon launch, Larry Dignan of ZDNet News stated that CloudFront could cause price and margin reductions from competing CDNs






Microsoft Windows OS
Microsoft Windows






Stripe
Stripe is a simple, developer-friendly way to accept payments online. 



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            July 27, 2017 - New Hire
 NameTitleAndrea AustinVP SALES
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Pablo Arredondo                                    

Title: VP, Legal Research








Free Trial For Email


Research & Development

export









                                        Richard Downe                                    

Title: VP, Data Science







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Andrea Austin                                    

Title: VP SALES








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Laura Safdie                                    

Title: Chief Operating Officer & General Counsel








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export








Showing 1 to 
                4                                

                                    of 28 entries            









 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Casetext, Inc, a Legal company, is based in Palo Alto, CA. They can be reached through Casetext, Inc email format addresses indicated on their Lead411 profile with a domain of @casetext.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@casetext.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Jake Heller
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Jake Heller?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Casetext, Inc email addresses within the @casetext.com profile so Jake Heller's email could be included.  Jake Heller is part of the Casetext, Inc which has its main offices in Palo Alto, CA.  Currently holds the post of CEO.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Legal industry.  Some possible email formats for Jake Heller are JHeller@casetext.com, Jake.Heller@casetext.com, Jake@casetext.com, and Jake_Heller@casetext.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@casetext.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Lawinfo.com
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Lawinfo.com, a Legal company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Lawinfo.com's CEO Gunter Enz, and other Lawinfo.com email format addresses within the @lawinfo.com domain. Lawinfo.com is based in Carlsbad, CA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@lawinfo.com addresses.
Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP
This includes Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP email format addresses with the @sheppardmullin.com domain, contacts, phone numbers, linkedin info, cfo employees, and facebook profiles. Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP is a Legal business with its headquarters based in Los Angeles, CA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@sheppardmullin.com addresses.
Irell & Manella LLP
If you don't want to waste too much time looking for company information regarding Irell & Manella Llp, a Legal company, check out their Lead411 profile. Our profiles have linkedin data, phone numbers, cfo contacts, and more. It contains helpful contact information regarding top company officials, including that of Irell & Manella Llp's CEO , and other Irell & Manella Llp email format addresses within the @irell.com domain. Irell & Manella Llp is based in Los Angeles, CA.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@irell.com addresses.




Company Directory > Casetext, Inc






















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Casetext Inc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/185000-casetext-incsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=185000  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Casetext IncCompany DetailsGet alertedif Casetext Inc gets funded!Casetext IncFunding history Key peopleCONTACTShttps://casetext.com/Country:State:City:United StatesCaliforniaPalo AltoIndustry:Business Products and ServicesDetailed industries:legalCompany  descriptionCasetext is where the best lawyers research and write about the law.                                                                      Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors March 22nd, 2017$12,000,0008vc, Canvas Venture, Red Sea Ventures, Union Square VenturesView DealMay 13th, 2015$7,000,000Formation 8, Union Square VenturesView DealFebruary 3rd, 2015$8,835,567Boxgroup Red, Sea Ventures, Susa Ventures LpView DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Casetext Inc gets funded?Key peoplePablo ArredondoVP, Community GrowthJohn ButtrickDirectorRichard DowneVP, Data ScienceJacob HellerDirector, Executive Officer, PromoterJake HellerCo-founder & CEOLaura SafdieChief Operating Officer & General CounselHarry SchmidtVP, EngineeringPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Casetext’s Legal Research Platform, CARA, Named New Product of the Year by AALL | Business Wire
























































Casetext’s Legal Research Platform, CARA, Named New Product of the 
      Year by AALL




AI-based legal research platform recognized for innovation and 
      improving access to legal research






May 09, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--On the heels of closing a $12 million Series B funding round, Casetext 
      has been awarded the American Association of Law Libraries (AALL) New 
      Product of the Year Award for its artificial intelligence-based 
      software, CARA. The award will be presented to Pablo Arredondo, 
      Casetext’s vice president of legal research, at the AALL’s annual 
      meeting in July in Austin, Texas.
    


      AALL named Arredondo the award recipient on behalf of Casetext in 
      recognition of his groundbreaking contributions to the CARA 
      technology. Arredondo’s work at Casetext—and at the Stanford Center for 
      Legal Informatics where he is a fellow—centers on uncovering patterns in 
      the common law. With CARA, coupling litigation materials with search 
      technology gives researchers unprecedented power through context-aware 
      search.
    

      “Law librarians have done some of the best analysis on the capabilities 
      and limitations of legal research technology,” said Arredondo. “There is 
      no sharper kick of the tires than the one you get from a law librarian, 
      which makes us all the more honored to receive this recognition.” Before 
      Casetext, Arredondo was a patent litigator at Kirkland & Ellis.
    

      The AALL’s New Product Award “honors new commercial information products 
      that enhance or improve existing law library services or procedures or 
      innovative products which improve access to legal information, the legal 
      research process, or procedures for technical processing of library 
      materials,” according to the AALL website.
    

      “AALL is pleased to announce that Casetext is the recipient of this 
      year’s New Product Award for its CARA software,” said AALL President 
      Ronald E. Wheeler Jr. “AALL members are at the forefront in adopting and 
      maximizing the benefits of artificial intelligence-based technology that 
      supplement traditional legal research. CARA, powered by the Casetext 
      database, empowers legal professionals with efficient, comprehensive 
      insights and results.”
    

      To be eligible for the New Product Award, a nominated product must be a 
      new and innovative commercial legal information resource that enhances 
      or improves existing law library services and/or procedures.
    

      “Law librarians have been critical allies since the first days of 
      Casetext,” said Jake Heller, Casetext’s founder and CEO. “The advice and 
      guidance of librarians at law firms and universities alike has helped 
      make CARA the invaluable tool it is today, so this award from AALL is 
      especially meaningful.”
    

      CARA, which was widely released in October 2016, uses AI and 
      natural-language technologies to automate key legal research tasks, 
      arming lawyers with the highest quality research possible, ultimately 
      allowing firms to spend time on higher-value, billable work—and not miss 
      key precedents or decisions. Because CARA is powered by the Casetext 
      research database, users have access to a full library of federal and 
      state law, annotated by expert analysis from practicing litigators with 
      deep knowledge of the issues they’re discussing.
    

      Earlier this year, Casetext inked partnerships with several leading law 
      firm customers including Quinn Emanuel, Fenwick 
      & West, DLA Piper, and Ogletree 
      Deakins among others, all of which are using the company’s automated 
      research assistant CARA to provide best-in-class services to clients.
    

About Casetext:


      Casetext is a San Francisco-based legal technology company that provides 
      cutting-edge information and research services to litigation practices, 
      including some of the leading AmLaw 100 law firms. Its award-winning 
      software, CARA, automates key legal research tasks by leveraging 
      artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies to analyze 
      litigation documents, and uses that information to algorithmically query 
      the law. This novel form of search allows litigators to find, in 
      seconds, highly relevant authority that many hours of traditional 
      research can miss. CARA is powered by the Casetext research database, 
      which offers users access to a full library of federal and state law, 
      annotated by expert analysis from leading attorneys and law firms. 
      Customers, who include some of the world’s largest law firms, rely on 
      Casetext to help them provide the best litigation services for clients. 
      For more information, visit www.casetext.com 
      or email contact@casetext.com.
    




Contacts

      Baretz+BrunelleErin Harrison, 646-921-8851
    

















Contacts

      Baretz+BrunelleErin Harrison, 646-921-8851
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












