





Cashman, James E. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































James E. Cashman
JAMES E. CASHMAN III is President and CEO of ANSYS, Inc., a
global innovator of simulation software and technologies aimed at
optimizing customers’ product development processes. Mr.
Cashman’s 30 years of expertise in the areas of financial,
operational and sales management has brought to prominence
numerous computer-aided design, product data management,
transaction processing and computer-aided engineering companies.
Mr. Cashman is a driving force behind ANSYS Inc.’s ‘collaborative
engineering’ strategy, which supports the implementation of a
virtual product development process. To that end, he has turned
the company’s strategic focus toward an expanded product
portfolio, customer relationship management, building strategic
relationships with major accounts and business-to-business
partnerships in order to better serve the diverse needs of
analysts and design engineers throughout the world. This solid
investment in infrastructure, coupled with strategically aligned
acquisitions, has been the basis for five  straight years of
quarterly growth and profitability. Before joining ANSYS Inc.,
Mr. Cashman was Vice President for International Operations,
Marketing and Software Development at PAR Technology Corporation.
Prior to that role, he held management positions at Structural
Dynamics Research Corporation in the areas of international
sales, major account development, and product management.
Programs under his direction resulted in strong development of
international markets, the formalization of the major account
programs, and the launching and revitalization of multiple
product lines. His efforts helped make SDRC one of the premier
CAD software suppliers, and resulted in his promotion to general
manager of the data management business unit. This led to his
appointment as Vice President of Product Development and
Marketing at Metaphase Technology, Inc.’a joint venture between
SDRC and Control Data Corporation. In that capacity, he
spearheaded the development and marketing of the PDM technology
that propelled Metaphase into a leading role in the engineering
marketplace. He holds BSME, MSME and MBA degrees from the
University of Cincinnati in Ohio. In addition to his duties as
ANSYS, Inc. President and CEO, he serves on the board of
directors for the company, as well as on the board of the
Pittsburgh Technology Council, and other technology companies.
Related Interviews:James Cashman Iii - Ansys Inc (anss)January 03, 2003







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google





















James E. Cashman III - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















James E. Cashman III
Chairman of the Board at Ansys, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you James E. Cashman III? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James E. Cashman III's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in James E. Cashman III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James E. Cashman III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James E. Cashman III through your network of contacts.
												








James E. Cashman III's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Ansys, Inc.


Past
To view James E. Cashman III's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


James E. Cashman III's Biography



James E. Cashman III became our Chairman of the Board in January 2017. Prior to that, he was our president since 1999 and our chief executive officer from February 2000 through January 1, 2017, when he was succeeded by Dr. Gopal as further described below. Mr. Cashman served as our senior vice president of operations upon joining the Company in September 1997 until April 1999. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cashman was vice president of marketing and international operations at PAR Technology Corporation, a computer software and hardware company involved in transaction processing, from 1995 to September 1997. From 1992 to 1994, he was vice ...
(Read More)

			James E. Cashman III became our Chairman of the Board in January 2017. Prior to that, he was our president since 1999 and our chief executive officer from February 2000 through January 1, 2017, when he was succeeded by Dr. Gopal as further described below. Mr. Cashman served as our senior vice president of operations upon joining the Company in September 1997 until April 1999. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cashman was vice president of marketing and international operations at PAR Technology Corporation, a computer software and hardware company involved in transaction processing, from 1995 to September 1997. From 1992 to 1994, he was vice president of product development and marketing at Metaphase Technology, Inc., a product data management company, which was a joint venture of Structural Dynamics Research Corporation and Control Data Systems. Prior to joining Metaphase, Mr. Cashman was employed by Structural Dynamics Research Corporation, a computer aided design company, from 1976 to 1992, in a number of sales and technical positions. Mr. Cashman is also chairman of the Pittsburgh Technology Council and a member of the Board of Directors of Industrial Scientific Corporation, and a past member of the Board of Trustees of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History. Mr. Cashman's experience includes senior responsibilities in technology, product and market strategy management as well as sales, operational and international functions prior to his general management role with the Company for the past 18 years. His long- standing vision and well-diversified background are key components of the Company's board structure and effectiveness.
		
Source: Ansys, Inc. on 03/31/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view James E. Cashman III's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like James E. Cashman III. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in James E. Cashman III's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in James E. Cashman III's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with James E. Cashman III through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: James E. Cashman III


















James E. Cashman III's Connections (37)





Sign up now to view James E. Cashman III's 37 connections »









Ajei S. Gopal
Chief Executive Officer and Director, Ansys, Inc.









Sheila S. Dinardo
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Ansys, Inc.









Joseph S. Solecki
Former Vice President, Physics Business Unit, Ansys, Inc.









Brian C. Drew
Former Vice President and General Manager, Central Development Unit, Ansys, Inc.









Maria T. Shields
Chief Financial Officer and Vice President, Finance and Administration, Ansys, Inc.









Joseph C. Fairbanks
Former Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Support, Ansys, Inc.









Walid Abu-Hadba
Former Chief Product Officer, Ansys, Inc.









Barbara V. Scherer
Board Member, NETGEAR, Inc.









Ronald W. Hovsepian
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, IntraLinks Holdings, Inc.









Patrick J. Zilvitis
Board Member, Ansys, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















James E. Cashman III Archives - Smart Business Magazine















































 





Smart Business Magazine







LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
rss
 



Search for:





 






					James E. Cashman III				



Celebrating the area’s top executives


Presenting the leaders of the smartest companies in Pittsburgh for 2016
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. is honored to partner with Smart Business to present the 2016 Pittsburgh Smart 50 Awards. We, at the Pittsburgh office, are excited to be part of this celebration of leadership.
It’s humbling to learn about this year’s Smart 50 honorees and what they are doing.
We’re a city of champions! Recently on the ice, but also in boardrooms all over the region — so many fabulous developments are associated with our vibrant community right now.
Zagat named Pittsburgh the No. 1 food city in America. General Electric opened its Center for Additive Technology Advancement. Uber launched its self-driving car service in the city. And smaller stories are percolating in our business and nonprofit communities.
All of our Smart 50 honorees are people who are having a positive impact in the community. They are coming up with new ideas and making us more sustainable.
When I participated in the Smart 50 judging day, where you hear directly from many of the honorees, I came with certain perceptions about what innovation, impact and sustainability meant.
Then, I learned about sustainability that touches how children learn and impact from how health care is delivered. Innovation isn’t just new technologies and startup companies. It’s also a company where the second generation comes up with a new idea that takes cost out of a process.
This year’s Smart 50 honorees are from a diverse set of businesses and industries, yet they all share a passion for their work.
On behalf of the entire Western Pennsylvania Gallagher team, congratulations to each of you for your accomplishments and receiving well-deserved recognition for leading successful organizations.
Marshall E. Wunderlich
Area President, Insurance & Risk Management
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
(412) 929-0385
[email protected]
 

 
Quick links to Smart 50 honorees:
Varol Ablak, Ablak Holdings LLC | Nick Ambeliotis, Mediterra Bakehouse | Jon Amelio, Allegheny Intermediate Unit | Heather Arnet, Women and Girls Foundation | Scott A. Baker, 5 Generation Bakers | William Baker, Irwin Car and Equipment | Lynn M. Banaszak, Disruptive Health Technology Institute at Carnegie Mellon University | Kris Bennett, K Bennett Development Group and Lifespace Pittsburgh | Rick Cancelliere, Treatspace | David Case, PMI | Helen Hanna Casey, Howard Hanna Real Estate Services | James E. Cashman III, ANSYS Inc. | Christina Cassotis, Pittsburgh International Airport | Pat Cavanaugh, Come Ready Nutrition | John Chamberlin, Rock, Paper, Scissors, Chute LLC (YaJagoff.com Media) | Stephen D’Angelo, dck worldwide LLC | Randall Dearth, Calgon Carbon | J.D. Ewing, JMJS Inc., dba COE Distributing | Bill Fuller, big Burrito Restaurant Group | Patrick Gallagher, University of Pittsburgh | Dennis Gilfoyle, Junior Achievement of Western Pennsylvania | Steven J. Guy, Oxford Development Company | Diane P. Holder, UPMC Health Plan | Marilyn Jenkins, Allegheny County Library Association | Carey Kann, The Waterfront (An M&J Wilkow property) | Dawn M. Keezer, Pittsburgh Film Office | Kristy Knichel, Knichel Logistics | John W. Manzetti, Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse | Steven Massaro, Massaro Construction Management Services LLC | Keith McDonough, rue21 Inc. | Melissa Migliaro, Migliaro Consulting | Christine Mondor, evolveEA | David Morehouse, Pittsburgh Penguins | Aradhna M. Oliphant, Leadership Pittsburgh Inc. | Anthony Owens, TESCAN USA Inc. | Richard Piacentini, Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens | Daniel Rice IV, Rice Energy | Audrey Russo, Pittsburgh Technology Council | William F. Sarris, Sarris Candies Inc. | Jill Schiaparelli, InteloMed | Marc and Susan Serrao, Oakmont Bakery | Michael Sexauer, Holy Family Foundation | Evaine K. Sing, Growth Through Energy and Community Health (GTECH) Strategies | Benjamin A. Stahl, Veterans Leadership Program of Western Pennsylvania Inc. | Robbin Steif, LunaMetrics LLC | David J. Stern, Paris Companies | Cheryl Tracy, National Aviary | Christy Uffelman, Align Leadership | Gordon J. Vanscoy, PANTHERx Specialty Pharmacy | Diane Watson, TeleTracking Technologies Inc.
 

2016 Pittsburgh Smart 50
Honorees listed in Alphabetical order by last name

Varol Ablak
CEO
Ablak Holdings LLC
In 1988, Varol Ablak, CEO of Ablak Holdings LLC, and his family opened their first store in Mt. Lebanon. Over the next four years, they opened 20 restaurants in the Pittsburgh area. A focus on high-quality pizza and an aggressive marketing plan quickly put the small company on a path to success.
Ablak began to receive requests from team members who, much like he had a decade earlier, saw the potential for profit and freedom as business owners. In 1993, the first franchise was sold.
Today, Vocelli Pizza has approximately 2,000 employees with over 100 stores open and in development.
Ablak began his entrepreneurial dream, wishing for something better. Today, he offers franchisees a chance to make their business dreams come true by sharing his proven recipe for success.
Ablak recently expanded the company by purchasing Rock ‘n’ Joe coffee shops and the Sincerely Yogurt chain of 23 frozen yogurt franchises with plans of expanding the concept overseas.
Back to top
 
 

Nick Ambeliotis
Founder and President
Mediterra Bakehouse
In 1982 when Mediterra Bakehouse Founder and President Nick Ambeliotis purchased his father’s store, he saw a need for an upscale grocery experience. The once struggling store has become a destination for foodies — some traveling more than 200 miles.
Mediterra Bakehouse’s two locations now supply Giant Eagle, Trader Joe’s and Whole Foods in several geographies, and deliver bread to restaurants in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Cincinnati and beyond.
The business is truly a family partnership with Ambeliotis’ four children.
Mediterra Bakehouse combines Ambeliotis’ Greek heritage and passion for baking bread. Even the baking process itself is unique — custom-built stone hearth ovens modeled after the old-style baking common in France.
Ambeliotis feels they are doing far more than simply baking bread. They are contributing to a healthy and sustainable community.
Back to top
 
 

Jon Amelio
Chief Technology Officer
Allegheny Intermediate Unit
The Allegheny Intermediate Unit is one of 29 intermediate units across Pennsylvania’s public education system. AIU provides specialized educational services to Allegheny County’s 42 suburban school districts and five vocational/technical schools. It employs more than 1,800 educators at 441 sites and operates 10 family centers and three schools for exceptional children.
Jon Amelio, AIU’s Chief Technology Officer, is responsible for the implementation of meaningful technological services that serve internal and external stakeholders.
By gaining efficiencies through the leveraged use of current resources, Amelio has allowed the AIU to expand its technology offerings to school districts and other organizations.
In 2016, Amelio was a finalist for the Pittsburgh Technology Council’s CIO of the Year Award in the Under 5,000 Employees category.
He is also active in the local community, having served on athletic boards, as a coach and as a capstone simulation board member for the University of Pittsburgh’s Katz Graduate School of Business.
Back to top
 
 

Heather Arnet
CEO
Women and Girls Foundation
The Women and Girls Foundation has made tremendous impact — in Pittsburgh and beyond — despite its relatively small size and capacity.
Heather Arnet joined WGF as its first CEO in 2004 and she’s grown the organization tenfold since.
The foundation has invested nearly $1.5 million in grants to organizations working to advance women and girls rights throughout southwest Pennsylvania. It has also actively lead efforts to change public policy, helping pass over a dozen laws at the city, county and state levels.
As a result, 50 percent more women have been appointed to local public and corporate boards, and 300 percent more women are running for elected office.
WGF’s impact also includes pregnant prisoners in the Allegheny County Jail having their shackles removed during childbirth; increasing women’s and girls’ athletic rights in public colleges and high schools; national media recognition for the successful Girlcott of Abercrombie & Fitch; and decreasing the wage gap for the first time in a decade.
Back to top
 
 

Scott A. Baker
President
5 Generation Bakers
With his focus and dedication, Scott A. Baker, president of 5 Generation Bakers, goes above and beyond. He sets the tone of the organization — giving back and doing the right thing.
Baker’s family has been baking in Mckees Rocks for more than 100 years, which is why he wanted to expand in that same community. With the purchase of Bottom Dollar Food, 5 Generation Bakers now can quadruple production capabilities and the size of the staff.
When Mckees Rocks government officials asked for help providing access to a supermarket with fresh food for the elderly with no transportation, he reserved 400 square feet of the new facility to open a market. It will be able to help feed people on supplemental programs for the needy.
Baker’s laser focus on employee and food safety also has lead 5 Generation Bakers to be awarded a superior score for Food Safety Audits by multiple, independent agencies.
Back to top
 
 

William Baker
President and CEO
Irwin Car and Equipment
More than ever, Irwin Car and Equipment reflects President and CEO William Baker’s vision of multiple niche-like business units that are related at a common level, yet provide a sound and diversified mix of markets, products and industries.
Irwin Car, in operation for more than 125 years, specializes in the design and production of leading edge heavy-duty material handling equipment.
2015 and 2016 have been years of dramatic transitions in a less than robust industrial economy, in an effort to maintain a 23-year history of expansion, growth and evolution.
Baker and Irwin Car are pursuing and providing high tech material handling solutions. For example, Irwin Car now supports the metals, automotive and aerospace industries with a new line of sophisticated automated guided vehicles.
Product innovation lies at the heart of Irwin Car’s business and growth, and Baker’s never-ending drive for diversified expansion and increased sales continue to push Irwin Car forward, despite an unstable economic environment.
Back to top
 
 

Lynn M. Banaszak
Executive Director
Disruptive Health Technology Institute at Carnegie Mellon University
Lynn Banaszak is the founding executive director of the Disruptive Health Technology Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. She has been tasked with bringing to life an exciting effort to reshape the delivery of health care in the Pittsburgh region and beyond.
She’s continuing to follow the common theme that runs through her career: an ability to innovate to create success.
Since launching the institute in 2013, DHTI has awarded more than $5 million to 38 new, disruptive technologies that are bringing transformational improvements in the affordability, accessibility, quality and simplicity of health care solutions.
Banaszak is leading the growth of DHTI and its mission by leveraging her lifetime of passion and commitment to innovation, attracting philanthropic support, industry partnerships and clinical collaborations with researchers and clinicians.
At the same time, she is guiding the DHTI team to position claims data in the new payer-provider-innovator business model that DHTI is using to deploy innovation.
Back to top
 
 

Kris Bennett
Owner and founder
K Bennett Development Group and Lifespace Pittsburgh
After more than a decade as a professional BMX rider, Kris Bennett decided not to spend the rest of his life on a bike.
Bennett returned to his western Pennsylvania roots. There, he applied what he’d learned about competition, risk and acquired skill to a new field: residential rehab and construction, eventually founding what is today K Bennett Development Group.
Seeing potential in Lawrenceville when others didn’t, with a nucleus of friends and newcomers, Bennett built up K Bennett, selling to young professionals.
Not only does K Bennett have a strong following on social media, Bodega Productions also did a “sizzle reel” of the company’s work and Bennett and his wife and business partner Tara, which earned a pilot on HGTV. It is slated to air this fall.
Bennett and his team also created a second company, Lifespace Pittsburgh, that provides traditional real estate brokerage services, while focusing on the lifestyle that comes with urban living.
Back to top
 
 

Rick Cancelliere
Founder and CEO
Treatspace
Founder and CEO Rick Cancelliere is an award-winning entrepreneur who loves to build technology that saves lives. He launched Treatspace in 2012 with this goal in mind.
By moving clinical relationships online with Treatspace, health care providers, practices and hospitals are able to communicate clearly with patients, better manage the referral process and foster straightforward connections with colleagues next door and around the globe.
Since its founding, Treatspace has repeatedly been recognized for its innovation. The idea for the company began as part of an idea competition during Startup Weekend at Carnegie Mellon University.
In helping the health care community better manage complex cases and care transition, Treatspace is positioned to help end avoidable complications and readmissions — errors directly responsible for over $45 billion in unnecessary health care spending each year.
In 2016, Treatspace’s geographic footprint continues to expand into hospital systems in major U.S. metro areas.
Back to top
 
 

David Case
President and CEO
PMI
President and CEO David Case’s technical prowess and relationship building led him to found PMI in 1985 as a one-stop shop to serve the needs of local and regional advertising agencies.
A continuing theme in Case’s work is an ability to see what’s next, and to identify and employ the right talent to exploit new technologies and opportunities. This has kept PMI at the forefront of video services and technologies for over 30 years.
Today, as the region’s leading television production and interactive marketing communications company, PMI transmits more than 40 hours of TV programming from downtown Pittsburgh daily.
The company takes all pieces — the show, commercials and promos — and puts them together and sends them out via satellite or high-speed services. This has turned PMI into the country’s largest distributor of off-network syndicated programs.
Most recently, the firm stepped into the creation and ownership of original TV programming and feature-length motion picture films with the formation of PMI Films.
Back to top
 
 

Helen Hanna Casey
President and CEO
Howard Hanna Real Estate Services
With more than four decades in the real estate industry, President and CEO Helen Hanna Casey, her sister Annie and brother Hoddy lead the third largest real estate company in the U.S., overseeing more than 270 offices and 9,000 sales associates and employees in eight states.
Now in its third generation, Howard Hanna continues to be family owned. Casey credits the management team, including her daughter, niece and three nephews, with being the force behind the growth of Howard Hanna Real Estate Services.
Her leadership and savvy marketing mind have helped Howard Hanna realize its potential by developing a multi-media approach to advertising. The innovation includes early use of television through the Showcase of Homes and seizing the opportunity to use technology as a marketing vehicle in the mid ’90s.
Today, HowardHanna.com receives over 1 million visitors a month.
Casey is dynamic, committed and passionate about all she does in life — her family, her company and her community.
Back to top
 
 

James E. Cashman III
President and CEO
ANSYS Inc.
If you’ve seen a rocket launch, flown on an airplane, driven a car, used a computer, touched a mobile device, crossed a bridge or put on wearable technology, chances are you’ve used a product where ANSYS software played a critical role in its creation.
James E. Cashman III joined ANSYS Inc. in 1997 as the senior vice president of operations. He became president and CEO three years later.
Today, thanks to his technical and business acumen, ANSYS is the largest engineering simulation company with the world’s leading technology in all fields of product development.
In 2000, many analysts thought the market for engineering simulation was saturated. Cashman had a contrary view that is proving to be true
Cashman helped ANSYS grow through his innovative ideas about the extended possibilities and scope of solutions that engineering simulation could offer to product development engineers. He also helped reinvent the sales and marketing efforts and inspired ANSYS employees to greater productivity and creativity.
Back to top
 
 

Christina Cassotis
CEO
Pittsburgh International Airport
When Pittsburgh International Airport CEO Christina Cassotis took the reins of the region’s airport in January 2015, its air service options were near an all-time low. Staff felt demoralized. Community perception was negative and community engagement was minimal.
Nearly two years later, nonstop air service routes have increased 50 percent to more than 60 nonstop destinations. The staff has been reorganized and engaged. Positive press coverage has been steady, and community engagement is higher than ever. The airport’s rates and charges to airlines are the lowest in several years, and customer service scores on the rise.
Cassotis is the first say she didn’t do this alone. It has been a team effort and her team deserves credit. But she laid the groundwork and positioned the organization to be more competitive.
Her implementation of four strategic priorities — employee engagement, operational excellence, cost competitiveness and customer service — have driven the Allegheny Country Airport Authority to heights it hasn’t seen in over a decade.
Back to top
 
 

Pat Cavanaugh
President
Come Ready Nutrition
The best word to describe Pat Cavanaugh, president and founder of Come Ready™ Nutrition, is competitive. His competitive, entrepreneurial DNA started early, as he so successfully sold seeds and shoes door-to-door that the company wanted to promote him to sales manager. He was 12.
It continued with an athletic career that saw him compete for and earn a Division 1 basketball scholarship to the University of Pittsburgh and culminated in leading a marketing and promotional products company.
His latest venture, Come Ready Nutrition, manufacturers cutting-edge, sports nutrition products for athletes and those pursuing a fit and active lifestyle.
In five years competing against well-entrenched companies and brands, Come Ready protein bars have been nationally distributed to over 5,000 retail locations as well as 16 countries.
Most recently, the company won a competition against these same companies to land a private label contract for protein bars with a major warehouse club.
Back to top
 
 

John Chamberlin
Creator
Rock, Paper, Scissors, Chute LLC (YaJagoff.com Media)
Rock, Paper, Scissors, Chute LLC has evolved over nine years. At first, it was a traditional marketing/PR umbrella company. For a time, it was a holding company for consulting jobs by Creator John Chamberlin.
Now, it’s a company for fun and humorous storytelling, via the award-winning Pittsburgh blog, video series and podcast, under the brand, YaJagoff.com.
Chamberlin started the blog, www.YaJagoff.com, anonymously, in his free time. It was a light-hearted look at the silliness of dumb politicians, bad sports officials, idiotic criminals, bad driving and public selfishness.
Within a few months, CBS Pittsburgh recognized the blog as one of Pittsburgh’s Best. Within a year, Chamberlin was invited to speak at a social media summit.
He started shooting/posting weekly Yakkin’ With YaJagoff videos with interesting Pittsburghers and people passing through Pittsburgh.
Eventually Chamberlin decided he had a bonafide business, and companies started paying for YaJagoff.com’s storytelling capability.
Back to top
 
 

Stephen D’Angelo
President and CEO
dck worldwide LLC
Under his leadership since 2008, President and CEO Stephen D’Angelo has helped dck worldwide LLC become one of the fastest growing companies in Pittsburgh through both organic growth and acquisitions. It is also a company that consistently ranks as a top contractor for providing building solutions to public and private clients all around the world.
dck worldwide has the wide range of experienced professionals needed to complete projects in the most efficient and effective manner, while always providing the highest level of quality. From project managers and superintendents to project cost accountants and schedulers, the employees know construction.
“I am proud of the reputation that dck has for being blue-collared workers in white-collared shirts. The essence of this is driven within our executive management team — they bring together their experience and determination to deliver value to our clients,” D’Angelo says.
D’Angelo also is involved in construction industry groups and serves on the board of various nonprofits.
Back to top
 
 

Randall Dearth
Chairman, President and CEO
Calgon Carbon
In the first two years that Chairman, President and CEO Randall Dearth was at the helm of Calgon Carbon, 2012-2013, he was able to transform the company.
He implemented a $40 million cost improvement program that included global procurement initiatives, long-term raw material supply strategies and product rationalization, as well as investing in internal reporting processes that will streamline global business activity.
Dearth innovates by focusing on what Calgon Carbon does best, while also embracing disruptive technologies. For decades, activated carbon has been the material of choice for the purification of air and water. However, the use of carbon in ultracapacitors and advanced batteries are two emerging markets where Dearth wants Calgon Carbon to have a seat at the table. Another emerging and innovative area of interest is the water reuse market.
Dearth also has made sustainability a business driver by releasing a sustainability report, and pursued a Responsible Care® certification, which drives continuous improvement in product safety.
Back to top
 
 

J.D. Ewing
President and CEO
JMJS Inc., dba COE Distributing
As the leader of JMJS Inc., dba COE Distributing, President and CEO J.D. Ewing has the ability to communicate his vision in a manner that inspires not only the employees but also customers and vendor partners.
While Ewing understands day-to-day operations, he doesn’t get dragged into micromanaging. Instead, he has developed a highly trained management team, which allows him to stay on top of industry trends and the company’s direction and vision.
COE has a strong focus on reinvention through constant improvement, including developing its own in-house brand to set itself apart from the competition.
A significant investment in 2016 was a new ERP system. Because it is cloud based and able to fully integrate with COE’s website, every team member can access and perform any daily task from their smartphone, tablet, laptop or PC as long as they have internet.
COE continues to grow at such a significant rate it is currently expanding its corporate offices and distribution center.
Back to top
 
 

Bill Fuller
Corporate Chef
big Burrito Restaurant Group
In 2016, national awards for Pittsburgh food affirm a vibrant restaurant scene. When Corporate Chef Bill Fuller joined big Burrito Restaurant Group in the 1990s, it wasn’t quite the same.
Younger chefs owe a debt of gratitude to big Burrito’s founders, Tom Baron and Juno Yoon, and to Fuller, especially those who got their start in the restaurant group’s kitchens. Baron, Yoon and Fuller created award-winning, eclectic cuisine, while growing the company and the Pittsburgh restaurant scene.
One key has been consistency in the back and front of house, while also operating each big Burrito restaurant as a separate business, with separate books and a separate budget. Fuller says this gives the company the buying power of a large group while also creating local flexibility so that each restaurant stands on its own.
In addition to training much of the region’s restaurant talent, Fuller and big Burrito have put focus on locally sourced food and community support.
Back to top
 
 

Patrick Gallagher, Ph.D.
Chancellor
University of Pittsburgh
Patrick Gallagher has served as the University of Pittsburgh’s 18th chancellor since 2014. In this position, he works to advance the university’s legacy of academic excellence, collaboration and research innovation.
In his first year, Pitt’s research faculty experienced an increase in research funding, despite the fact that less money was available. Also, the institution’s reputation continued to grow as students and faculty earn high recognitions.
The university achieved all of this without a state appropriation or an operating budget.
Prior to his installation at Pitt, Gallagher spent more than two decades in public service. In 2009, President Barack Obama appointed him to direct the National Institute for Standards and Technology. In this role, Gallagher also acted as the deputy secretary of commerce.
In addition to duties as chancellor, Gallagher is one of 12 inaugural members appointed by the president to serve on the Commission on Enhancing National Cybersecurity. He is also active on a number of community boards.
Back to top
 
 

Dennis Gilfoyle
President and CEO
Junior Achievement of Western Pennsylvania
Dennis Gilfoyle has spent more than half his life with Junior Achievement — 32 years. He’s worked in every department and has served as Junior Achievement of Western Pennsylvania president and CEO since 2007.
Gilfoyle also has helped JA touch the lives of over 2 million students.
The JA Pittsburgh office today is the headquarters for over 50 counties, including in Johnstown, Erie and northern West Virginia. The office has consistently been among the top 20 JA area offices for revenue and student growth.
With his experience, Gilfoyle has come up with new, unique ideas for educational programs and fundraisers by working with donors, volunteers, schools, legislators, the media, JA alumni and the public.
Gilfoyle has taken the lead on or helped develop and commercialize innovative programs around financial literacy, entrepreneurship and workforce development, including JA Careers in Energy, JA Money 101, JA Trades Day, JA College Day, JA Inspire Career Fair, Pittsburgh Future…Now!, Business in Arts, Sports and Entertainment, and Junior Benchmarks.
Back to top
 
 

Steven J. Guy
President and CEO
Oxford Development Company
As President and CEO, Steven J. Guy is committed to leading Oxford Development Company’s future in commercial real estate through the sourcing of new development and investment opportunities, enhanced client relationships and the development of new strategic joint ventures and partnerships.
Oxford’s recent 3 Crossings development, for example, reconnects the Strip District neighborhood to the revitalized riverfront and Pittsburgh’s Three Rivers Trail network. The development represents the transformation of the former trucking yards of Pittsburgh’s past into the sustainable neighborhood of the future.
Under Guy’s direction, the Oxford team has worked diligently to respond to the neighborhood’s desire to see organic growth, versus planned development, to complement the Strip District’s already strong character.
All buildings at 3 Crossings are designed and built to United States Green Building Council LEED Silver standards.
Oxford, and Guy, see the growth of the Strip District as the here-and-now phase in Pittsburgh’s transformation — a place where you can live, work and everything else.
Back to top
 
 

Diane P. Holder
President and CEO
UPMC Health Plan
Diane P. Holder is an executive vice president of UPMC, president of the UPMC Insurance Services Division and president and CEO of UPMC Health Plan.
During her tenure, the companies of the UPMC Insurance Services Division have been recognized nationally for quality and outstanding service.
UPMC Health Plan is owned by UPMC. UPMC, the nation’s second largest provider-owned health insurer, provides health coverage and benefit management for more than 3 million members.
Under Holder’s direction, the Insurance Services Division, within the UPMC Health Plan, excels in developing innovative solutions for health care’s most complex and pressing problems.
Holder has successfully led the ISD in commercializing the high-impact solutions it develops in-house, such as, but not limited to:

A mobile app for health plan members: the first to allow users to authenticate with their fingerprint.


UPMC’s population health technology platform, licensed to Evolent Health: telecommunications and virtual applications including mobile apps that support health plan members in stress reduction, weight management or smoking cessation.

Back to top
 
 

Marilyn Jenkins
Executive Director
Allegheny County Library Association
Early in the 1990s, too many of Allegheny County’s libraries seemed to be headed toward their final chapter. To create new collaboration, the Allegheny County Library Association was established in 1994.
The ACLA board realized it needed leadership from someone with vision, the ability to rally disparate organizations around a common goal, and patience and resilience in the face of seemingly insurmountable obstacles. They found these qualities in Executive Director Marilyn Jenkins.
From the beginning ACLA was a force to be reckoned with. As the idea of Regional Asset Districts grew in government funding, the ACLA successfully made the case that it made sense to treat library service regionally.
With the county’s support, Jenkins also worked with private foundations to build a countywide technology infrastructure for 46 independently operated public libraries with more than 70 locations.
Today, Jenkins continues to be most at home in the role of a supportive coach to both her employees and the county’s library directors.
Back to top
 
 

Carey Kann
General Manager
The Waterfront (An M&J Wilkow property)
When The Waterfront opened over a dozen years ago, the beleaguered steel communities around it hoped that it could become an economic engine much like the mill it replaced.
The maturation of The Waterfront as a landmark regional destination has taken significant investment, strategic thought and a dedicated team. Since purchasing The Waterfront, Chicago-based M&J Wilkow has expanded its commitment to the property, adding retailers, community events and amenities.
When General Manager Carey Kann arrived in 2014, M&J Wilkow needed a strong leader to put a personal touch to The Waterfront’s evolution. Kann has energized his team, recruited and promoted talented staff and tirelessly worked with existing and new tenants.
Today, the hard work is paying off.
The Waterfront is 99 percent occupied for the first time. It has expanded its community connection by hosting events designed to reinforce its stature as a regional asset, and raised its profile by lighting the Homestead Grays Bridge in honor of sports events and nonprofits.
Back to top
 
 

Dawn M. Keezer
Director
Pittsburgh Film Office
Since Dawn M. Keezer joined the Pittsburgh Film Office in 1994, more than 100 feature film and television productions have been completed in southwestern Pennsylvania — a first-dollar economic impact of more than $1 billion.
The region’s film union has reported a 400 percent membership increase, and local businesses have seen the economic impact. For example, over 125,000 hotel room nights were utilized between 2009 and 2016.
As director, Keezer has helped guide the regional industry to fifth place in U.S. film production, according to FilmLA.
The PFO brings in over $100 million in film production annually, while maintaining an office with just four employees and an annual budget of less than $750,000. About half of the operating budget comes from public sources, but the ROI has meant $190 in economic impact for each $1 in public funds invested.
Keezer’s efforts to expand the Pennsylvania Film Tax Credit, assist in stronger film union support and develop an extensive network have been integral to the PFO’s success.
Back to top
 
 

Kristy Knichel
President and CEO
Knichel Logistics
President and CEO Kristy Knichel got her start in the logistics industry nearly 20 years ago, learning from her father and working in the same intermodal marketing company.
Eventually, Knichel and her father established their own third-party logistics company as a family business with her sister and brother — Knichel Logistics.
After the company expanded from intermodal to a full truckload brokerage, her father retired and an ill-suited COO was brought in, Knichel blossomed into the company’s leader. Despite losing staff along with profit, Knichel Logistics came through that rough period to rebound substantially.
In 2015, Knichel bought a BlueGrace Logistics franchise to develop the less-than-truckload division, and these shipments quickly tripled.
Her decisions to expand services to suit customer demands in a well-thought out and evenly paced manner has increased the bottom line. Knichel Logistics has gone from $2 million in revenue in 2003 with only one major service offering, to a $50 million company with expectations of continued year-over-year growth.
Back to top
 
 

John W. Manzetti
President and CEO
Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse
John W. Manzetti is committed to driving regional health care innovation forward through his work with the Pittsburgh Life Sciences Greenhouse, where he serves as president and CEO, and strategic adviser to the 440 life science companies within the PLSG’s portfolio.
Whether it’s the development of a new drug to stabilize or reverse the course of Alzheimer’s Disease (Cognition Therapeutics) or a health care IT company that works to reduce unnecessary hospitalizations and emergency room visits while reducing costs for health care providers (Wellbridge Health), Manzetti provides support, guidance and strategic counsel to help budding life science entrepreneurs grow their businesses and bring life-changing health care technology to the market.
Under his direction, PLSG has put a spotlight on Pittsburgh as a health care hub, maintaining a presence and speaking at national conferences.
Manzetti also has adjunct professors on staff who keep a finger on the pulse of industry evolutions, and ultimately provide counsel to students.
Back to top
 
 

Steven Massaro
Senior Vice President
Massaro Construction Management Services LLC
As an owner in the Massaro Construction Group and one of five business unit leaders, Steven Massaro, senior vice president of Massaro Construction Management Services LLC, helps lead, motivate and oversee the workforce that manages construction projects.
MCMS works as an owner advocate throughout a commercial construction project, overseeing multiple prime contractors, typically for school districts or government facilities.
Construction is generally stressful for owners. Construction managers promise to present a “constructability review” to assist in the building process, but there is little consistency and in the end, the owner loses because of unclear documents.
Massaro and his team were determined to develop a true constructability review to be used by MCMS for every construction project, and to create metrics demonstrating the validity of the tool. After a lot of research, meetings and discussions, Massaro and his team defined a constructability review, developed a template and have successfully used it on projects to complete them on time and under budget.
Back to top
 
 

Keith McDonough
Senior Vice President and CFO
rue21 Inc.
Keith McDonough was one of the first top executives bought on board at rue21 Inc. about 10 years ago when the company was having financial troubles. He serves as senior vice president and CFO.
McDonough’s strategic planning for growth and diversification has resulted in a company that has grown from under 200 stores to over 1,100 stores in 48 states, in shopping malls, outlets and strip centers.
This was done during a time when growing profitably in the retail industry was extremely challenging.
McDonough has surrounded himself with a strong team and continues to be a leader at rue21, which is the largest fast-fashion growth retailer in the nation.
rue21 brands include rue21 etc! (girls’ shoes and accessories), rue+ (girls’ plus sizes), tarea (girls’ lingerie), ruebeauté! (girls’ fragrance and beauty), CARBON elements (guys’ shoes and accessories), rueGuy (guys’ expanded apparel selection) and ruebleu Swim (girls’ swimwear).
Back to top
 
 

Melissa Migliaro
President
Migliaro Consulting
President Melissa Migliaro has gone completely out of the box with her event consulting company, Migliaro Consulting.
Not only has she pounded the pavement and hit the ground running — in the traditional sense that most successful entrepreneurs have — she’s also leveraged her Pittsburgh network, nonprofit partnerships and virtual workforces to run her organization.
This is not a traditional event consulting company. She’s partnered with local Pittsburgh nonprofits to get them in front of larger corporations, in a win/win for everyone.
Her innovative, unique company is designed for those companies who are sick of the corporate wellness strategies of yesterday and want to take on more “out of the box” strategies and approaches for employees today.
Migliaro Consulting works with small to large-sized companies and individuals to develop plans that will enhance the growth of their organization or personal development. The plans are customized to fit specific needs after a thorough discovery phase.
Back to top
 
 

Christine Mondor, AIA, LEED AP
Principal
evolveEA
Principal of evolve environment architecture (evolveEA), Christine Mondor has been active in shaping places and organizations, while impacting the fields of architecture, design and construction since before co-founding the company in 2004.
Mondor’s work has contributed to positive change throughout the Pittsburgh region, especially the city’s new identity as a leader in environmental sustainability. Beyond the region, her leadership has helped improve the way that practitioners approach urban design and community revitalization.
Mondor’s knowledge, along with other experts, influenced the development of the first EcoDistricts Protocol, which provides “a framework for achieving people-centered, economically vibrant, planet-loving neighborhood sustainability.”
Alongside her practice, Mondor serves on boards and committees that are instrumental in Pittsburgh’s transformation to an equitable, sustainable city. She is chair of the Green Building Alliance Board of Directors and the Pittsburgh City Planning Commission. Mondor also teaches in the School of Architecture at Carnegie Mellon University.
Back to top
 
 

David Morehouse
President and CEO
Pittsburgh Penguins
President and CEO David Morehouse oversees every aspect of the Pittsburgh Penguins’ operations.
Since Morehouse was named president in 2007, the Penguins have reshaped their image and strategic vision, emphasizing branding, fan relations, youth marketing, community interaction, corporate outreach and innovative technology.
He was given the additional responsibilities of CEO in 2010, and reports directly to the co-owners.
Under Morehouse’s leadership, the Penguins developed a new commitment to innovative fan outreach, including an annual event where players deliver season tickets to fans’ homes and a special preseason game where all 18,000 tickets are distributed free to local youth.
An emphasis on branding and marketing, coupled with the team’s success on the ice, enabled the Penguins to lead all U.S.-based NHL teams in local television ratings for five straight seasons. The Penguins rank among the NHL leaders in website traffic and social media followers, while continually setting new standards for merchandise sales. Youth hockey participation also is on the rise.
Back to top
 
 

Aradhna M. Oliphant
President and CEO
Leadership Pittsburgh Inc.
In her 12 years as president and CEO, Aradhana M. Oliphant has raised the quality of Leadership Pittsburgh Inc.’s programs, and as a result, the caliber of LPI’s participants and the demand for its programs has risen.
This happened because, while fiercely true to the organization’s mission, Oliphant’s focus in business development and product delivery is customer oriented.
Under her leadership, the organization has graduated over 1,000 accomplished and emerging leaders, and the budget is three-fold the size it was when she joined.
She has been described repeatedly as a “coach with a mission.” This leadership style is what she brings both to her staff and LPI’s flagship programs, Leadership Pittsburgh, Leadership Development Initiative and LPI’s newest and innovative offering, Community Leadership Course for Veterans.
While there were many separate initiatives addressing veteran needs, most were focused on providing services to veterans in crisis. There was no systematic initiative from the civilian world that engaged veterans as assets like CLCV.
Back to top
 
 

Anthony Owens
Director of Technology/Treasurer
TESCAN USA Inc.
Anthony Owens and John VanNoy (retired) founded TESCAN USA Inc. in 1988.
Originally named CAMSCAN USA, it was responsible for all sales and service of CAMSCAN scanning electron microscopes (SEMs) and accessories in North America. In the late 1990s, it began representing a SEM manufacturer in the Czech Republic, and changed the name to reflect that.
In 2010, Tescan Brno bought a majority interest and Owens was named general manager and treasurer. Under his leadership, TESCAN USA expanded and bought together a skilled team to provide excellent customer service and support.
In 2016, Owens became the director of technology and treasurer, after overseeing operations for 28 years. He is still active in management and well respected for his in-depth technical knowledge.
TESCAN USA’s customer base is extremely diverse. It includes universities, the Department of Homeland Security, NASA, the U.S. military, the FBI and research and manufacturing companies. They utilize SEMs for failure analysis, quality control, gunshot residue analysis, semiconductor applications and more.
Back to top
 
 

Richard Piacentini
Executive Director
Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens
Executive Director Richard Piacentini has transformed Phipps Conservatory and Botanical Gardens, the nation’s first teaching conservatory, into one of the world’s smartest, greenest gardens. A public showcase of cutting-edge science, technology and innovation, combined with stunning design, it demonstrates renewable energy technologies and addresses climate change.
In 2012, Phipps opened the Center for Sustainable Landscapes. In 2015, it added a modular classroom, and a third net-zero facility will open in 2018, completing a “living campus.”
While Phipps hosts over 430,000 guests annually, it reaches beyond its campus in groundbreaking ways.
Studio Phipps, a for-profit landscape design group, helps clients integrate sustainable practices and natural connections into buildings.
The Homegrown project has installed over 125 home vegetable gardens in underserved food desert neighborhoods.
A Sustainable Landcare program educates, accredits and promotes landcare companies that commit to organic gardening practices.
Back to top
 
 

Daniel Rice IV
CEO
Rice Energy
Daniel Rice IV has served as Rice Energy’s CEO since 2013. He’s been in a number of positions with Rice, its affiliates and predecessor entities since 2008.
2015 was another successful year, despite challenged market conditions. The upstream business continues to deliver best-in-class results, and Rice’s growing midstream businesses — Rice Midstream Holdings and Rice Midstream Partners LP — also expanded their footprint.
The company continues to focus on protecting the balance sheet, while generating the highest ROIs to drive long-term value for its shareholders.
Rice is one of only a few public exploration and production companies with nearly 100 percent of its drilling inventory generating positive returns at strip pricing, which is further enhanced by a robust portfolio of hedging and firm transportation contracts.
The company is a true family affair. Daniel Rice IV is the son of Board Member Daniel Rice III, and the brother of President and COO Toby Rice and Vice President of Exploration and Geology Derek Rice.
Back to top
 
 

Audrey Russo
President and CEO
Pittsburgh Technology Council
Since 2007, Audrey Russo has served the region’s technology business sector as president and CEO of the Pittsburgh Technology Council, the oldest (founded in 1983) and largest technology trade association in North America.
Russo oversees an organization of 1,400 member companies and 270,000 member employees. Since 2007, she has placed a strong emphasis on opening the organization up beyond what can be an insular community to show technology touches everything in Pittsburgh’s economy.
Combined with her background in social work, Russo brings a business mindset to running the council, which has helped her expand both its reach and membership.
Russo is also busy with the broader Pittsburgh cultural and education communities — serving as a board member for several organizations and co-hosting TechVibe Radio on KDKA 1020 AM Friday nights to explore technology companies and entrepreneurial issues.
Russo believes that vital cities are the moral imperative in achieving competitive, diverse and vibrant economies.
Back to top
 
 

William F. Sarris
President
Sarris Candies Inc.
Chocolatier William F. Sarris remembers the efforts and dedication of his parents, Frank and Athena Sarris, to Sarris Candies Inc., along with a commitment to high ethical standards and a sense of community pride.
Sarris, company president today, strives to follow their example. His philosophy, and the philosophy he imprints, is such that every employee trusts that ethical behavior is more important that another few percentage points in revenue.
Sarris is also innovative. The first Sarris Candies fundraiser was born out of a need to raise money for prom tickets. Today, not only is fundraising a major part of Sarris Candies’ business, it’s also how over 3,000 schools, groups and organizations raise money for their financial goals.
In 1997, Sarris showed his creative side, again. Sarris Candies was stretching the limits of its manufacturing and distribution capacity, but Sarris saw value, and opportunity, in a struggling company, Gardners Candies. His vision has helped both companies find success.
Back to top
 
 

Jill Schiaparelli
President and CEO
InteloMed
In one year, President and CEO Jill Schiaparelli has reimagined InteloMed’s future — creating a vision and strategic plan to redefine patient monitoring and health informatics.
The heart of the InteloMed CVInsight® technology is a patented means of monitoring a patient’s hemodynamic status from their pulse wave, without the need for needles or other invasive tools.
Schiaparelli originally joined as an independent director, before the board tapped her to be the company’s daily leader.
In her assessment, the promise of CVInsight lacked a market focus. This led Schiaparelli and her team to zero in on dialysis.
The result? Schiaprelli built a talented leadership team with medical device experience, created a multi-year strategic vision, helped the company gain traction in the dialysis market, recruited a sales team, attracted more than $3 million in additional investment, began planning for expansion into other clinical areas and helped the company earn recognition from the Pittsburgh Technology Council.
Back to top
 
 

Marc Serrao
Co-owner and president
Susan Serrao
Co-owner
Oakmont Bakery
Marc and Susan Serrao started Oakmont Bakery in 1988, as Oakmont’s only full-service retail bakery. They began with 1,200 square feet, two children and a big dream.
Since then, their space has expanded to over 12,500 square feet, making Oakmont Bakery one of the largest retail bakeries in America, their family has more than doubled, and their dream of owning a successful business that will serve Pittsburgh and its surrounding communities for generations to come has been realized.
The bakery was established on firm Christian beliefs and a dedication to excellence and integrity in all areas.
In 2010, Oakmont Bakery received “Retail Bakery of the Year” from Modern Baking magazine, the most prestigious award in the retail bakery industry, given to only one bakery each year.
Marc and Susan attribute their success first to their strong faith in God, and then to their superior product, hardworking staff and loyal customers.
Back to top
 
 

Michael Sexauer
Executive Director
Holy Family Foundation
When the Sisters of the Holy Family of Nazareth launched Holy Family Academy in 2014, they knew they’d need the right leader to deliver community support. Sister Linda Yankoski reached out to veteran marketer Michael Sexauer.
As executive director of Holy Family Foundation, Sexauer oversees marketing communications and fundraising activities for Holy Family Institute and Holy Family Academy. He focuses on recruiting forward-thinking corporations to host Academy students in the workplace. A four-year internship along with a STEM-focused curriculum is part of the school’s mission to close the education to employment gap for youth from underserved communities.
Holy Family Academy students intern at over 60 local organizations, and the number is growing.
In addition, the school has attracted students from 23 zip codes and eight school districts. This year, the population is expected to be 40 percent girls, 70 percent African American, over 90 percent from low-performing schools and 60 percent qualifying for free or reduced lunch. Thanks to the foundation, 95 percent of students receive need-based financial aid and scholarships.
Back to top
 
 

Evaine K. Sing
COO
Growth Through Energy and Community Health (GTECH) Strategies
Since joining the Growth Through Energy and Community Health (GTECH) Strategies in 2012, COO Evaine K. Sing has transformed the organization’s capability, enabling exponential growth in revenue; staff retention underpinned by data driven performance management; efficient internal systems; and innovative new programs and services.
GTECH is a nonprofit, spun out of Carnegie Mellon University in 2007. While the organization excelled early as a unique approach to addressing the systemic challenge of vacant land and disinvestment in underserved communities — the challenges of organizational sustainability weighed GTECH down.
As a certified landscape architect with a passion for resident-driven change, Sing threw herself into solidifying GTECH’s internal systems, controls and processes.
What is most impressive about Sing is not only her contributions toward internal operations, but also her leadership and capability towards external programs, services and offerings, such as her work for Heinz Endowments, Pittsburgh’s Department of City Planning and the Pittsburgh Urban Redevelopment Authority.
Back to top
 
 

Benjamin A. Stahl
Executive Director
Veterans Leadership Program of Western Pennsylvania Inc.
The Veterans Leadership Program of Western Pennsylvania Inc. provides housing, employment and other supportive services to over 2,500 veterans, service members and their families, with the goal of improving self-sufficiency, sustainability and quality of life.
Benjamin A. Stahl, who became executive director this year after joining VLP in 2013, is already making a difference within VLP and the community’s perception of the nonprofit.
Stahl has strengthened and continues to build strategic relationships with elected officials, regional veteran serving organizations, business partners, philanthropic foundations and other community stakeholders.
He oversaw VLP’s first extreme-sport fundraising event, 335 Miles for Veterans, and the 2016 Crucible Hike, to diversify funding streams.
Stahl conducted market research and analysis, which led him to implement a client-tracking database to quantify performance outcomes and prevent duplication of services. These measures are expected to increase funding opportunities and save in excess of $130,000 annually.
Back to top
 
 

Robbin Steif
CEO
LunaMetrics LLC
Twelve years after founding LunaMetrics LLC, CEO Robbin Steif has over 34 employees. Steif credits this growth and success to her strategic partnership with Google, which started over a decade ago.
Hearing about the business through its blog and client success, Google invited Steif to be an early member of the Google Analytics Certified Partner program.
Today, LunaMetrics has become a reseller of Google Analytics 360 and grown the Google Analytics Certified Partner program. The company ranks as one of the top four Google Analytics 360 resellers in North America.
From the start, Steif focused on delivering the best customer service possible. A loyal collection of clients renew year after year, often asking for analysts by name.
LunaMetrics’ employees are committed to learning — maintaining personal websites and projects that hone their skills, while participating in the industry’s community outside of working hours. Steif also offers each employee a budget for professional development.
Back to top
 
 

David J. Stern
President and CEO
Paris Companies
David J. Stern continues to lead Paris Company to high achievement, despite a difficult market and competitive environments. Paris is supplier of industrial uniform services and health care linen services.
Against a mature industry backdrop, Stern’s innovative approaches to opportunities and creative problem-solving constantly reposition Paris to succeed. Notable accomplishments include: 37 consecutive years of revenue growth; company profitability that continues to out-perform industry averages; a total employment increase of 7 percent over the past five years; and a multi-million dollar plant expansion.
As president and CEO, Stern is intimately involved in the industry as an acknowledged expert and for empowering his management team.
“My job is on the strategy side, charting the course for where we are heading. I communicate that; then I get out of the way and support the people who make it happen,” he says.
The strong mentoring environment within Paris reduces learning curves for new managers, strengthens loyalty and builds a deeper, smarter organization.
Back to top
 
 

Cheryl Tracy
Executive Director
National Aviary
Cheryl Tracy was appointed as the National Aviary’s executive director in 2013 after serving as the organization’s chief financial officer for seven years.
As CFO, she reversed decades of six-figure operating deficits and has operated the Aviary with a balanced budget since that time. She managed a $17.5 million capital campaign budget and had strategic and hands-on involvement in the two-year construction project that produced a dramatic physical transformation of the Aviary’s facility in 2010.
Since 2013, Tracy has led the Aviary to record growth in admissions, earned revenue, educational programming and national recognition.
The organization’s operating budget has grown to $5.3 million, up from $3.6 million in 2009.
The Aviary’s growth can be credited not only to marketing strategies that are aligned with the organizational vision, but also the expansion of educational and daily visitor programs; an operational strategy to highlight leading breeding programs, conservation programs and advanced avian medicine; and a significant investment in the bird collection.
Back to top
 
 

Christy Uffelman
Partner
Align Leadership
Christy Uffelman’s professional achievements impact thousands of professionals across the Pittsburgh region and beyond.
After setting the bar as the first female executive at a construction company, Uffelman transformed her career to aligning talent with business strategy through facilitation of peer learning and coaching. She launched the Align Leadership east coast office in 2013, centering on women’s leadership development and millennial/gen Y initiatives.
Align Leadership, where Uffelman serves as partner, works with corporations to develop their emerging talent pipeline. Her partnership with FedEx Ground directly impacted more than 100 female managers across North America through her one-of-a-kind Education and Development through Group Experience (EDGE) program.
PEER Technology®, Uffelman’s trademarked, cohort-based, virtual leadership development experience, has captured the attention of Fortune 500 companies and is currently used in various onboarding, high-potential development and diversity programs.
Back to top
 
 

Gordon J. Vanscoy, PharmD
Chairman and CEO
PANTHERx Specialty Pharmacy
Chairman and CEO Gordon J. Vanscoy, PharmD, possess three decades of executive experience, creating and leading successful medical/pharmaceutical service businesses. Vanscoy is also the associate dean for business innovation and associate professor at the University of Pittsburgh School of Pharmacy.
From its start in 2011, PANTHERx Specialty Pharmacy sought to reinvent specialty pharmacy, revolutionize pharmacy and redefine care. With three former students, Vanscoy positioned PANTHERx in the niche of managing rare and devastating diseases, including those requiring personalized or orphan drugs. The big specialty pharmacies weren’t geared for the unique needs of these complex disorders; PANTHERx was.
PANTHERx landed an exclusive biotech partnership in 2015, managing a new life-saving orphan drug for the entire country. Since, the company expanded to a state-of-the-art facility to keep up with the growth.
In addition to new agreements with states, health plans and prescriber offices, the biotechnology industry now routinely seeks out PANTHERx as the rare disease partner to help launch new medicines.
Back to top
 
 

Diane Watson
COO
TeleTracking Technologies Inc.
TeleTracking was founded as a software company, but its purpose has always been focused on improving the way hospital services support caregivers and quality patient care.
In 2015, the company enhanced its role in automating daily hospital tasks with the launch of a cloud-based platform that offers significant advancements in user experience.
COO Diane Watson’s vision for the organization is shaped by her years working as a consultant for Accenture, as well as running large, multi-national IT departments. That vision includes being sensitive to the seismic changes occurring in health care and responding in an insightful, strategic way.
Under Watson’s leadership, TeleTracking is committed to doing whatever it takes to ensure a customer has the right solutions to realize the best possible outcomes.
TeleTracking’s outcomes-based approach to delivering quality care has led to an expansion of Watson’s team — building talent and investing in infrastructure.
Back to top
 
 

2016 Pittsburgh Smart 50 Sponsor Notes
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
At Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., we employ innovation, impact and sustainability to help our clients. It’s about impacting the cost of risk and cost of benefits, so that their risk management program and benefit offerings are sustainable. Each business is unique and has challenges that cannot be resolved by “off the shelf” coverage.
In order to do that, our teams have to be innovative. We are most effective when we get to know and understand each client’s specific challenges and objectives.
When it comes to rising health care costs — which can be in double digits every year — you’ve got to be innovative and strategic in what you want to impact, whether that’s managing your employee benefit risks across the entire organization, or wellness initiatives and determining how to motivate people to be well and stay well. It’s also critical from a productivity standpoint. When your employees are not well or hurt, they’re not at work.
At the same time, business leaders are looking to protect their companies at a cost lower than their competitors.
You have a much better chance of doing these things, if you have advisers who specialize in different industries and practice areas. At Gallagher, we can put together the right team to offer the best solution. Our office has specialists that can assist you with all of your commercial insurance or benefits and HR consulting needs. We can help you stay informed of evolving challenges and issues in your industry.
Creativity is a hallmark of Gallagher. We encourage innovation at all levels of our organization, so when traditional solutions don’t fit, our teams routinely reach beyond what’s been done before, to build cutting-edge solutions from scratch. We see solutions where others see problems.
Back to top
 
Huntington Bank
Welcome ‘smart businesses’
At Huntington, we believe in celebrating the talents, contributions and hard work that sets Western Pennsylvania apart generation after generation.
There are so many positive things happening in our region. We see it in the continued economic stability and job growth. We see it in the smart businesses that are growing and expanding here. And, we see it in the smart, energetic leaders who invest their time and talents to make a difference.
Thanks to all the “smart businesses” for your shared commitment to our region and for creating a positive impact within our community.
Helping bring progress and promise to communities since 1866
150 years ago, Huntington opened our first branch. There were no debit cards, ATMs or mobile apps. There wasn’t even electricity. All we had were our bankers, their pens and a promise — a promise that we’d help build the community; a promise to communicate honestly with our customers; and a promise to do the right thing.
Keeping this promise has led to some extraordinary things over the last century and a half, but none greater than the privilege of helping transform the lives of people and businesses right in our own backyard.
Huntington has been serving generations of individuals, families, small and large businesses and communities. We provide full-service consumer and commercial banking services, as well as wealth management, treasury management, equipment financing, automobile financing, trust services, brokerage services, commercial real estate financing, insurance programs and other financial products and services.
About Huntington
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated is a regional bank holding company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio, with approximately $100 billion of assets and a network of 1,103 branches and 1,976 ATMs across eight Midwestern states.
Back to top
 
Clark Hill PLC
Clark Hill PLC is an entrepreneurial full service law firm serving clients in all areas of business legal services, government and public affairs and personal legal services. Clark Hill is built upon a core set of values that guide us in our relationships with our clients, our interactions with each other and our connection to the communities in which we serve.
These values have a real and lasting impact on the way we conduct our business, the way we treat our clients and colleagues, and the way we go about growing our firm. We believe these values come into play in each and every client experience, and are essential to the ultimate success of our lawyers and our firm. We believe these values are essential to a “smart” leader:
Relationships Fuel Our Firm. Respect is the foundation of our strong relationships with clients and colleagues. We are tenacious advocates for our clients while being approachable and supportive.
Everyone Matters. We value the contributions of each individual in our firm and encourage fresh ideas and diverse perspectives. We embrace the differences among our colleagues, enriching our experiences.
It’s Not Just About Us. Making a positive impact is central to who we are. We devote our personal and collective time, talent and resources to making our communities better places to live and work.
By embracing new ideas, technologies and cutting-edge business solutions, we provide relevant legal counsel with industry perspective. Our experienced attorneys and other professionals consistently deliver client-centered solutions. Clark Hill clients expect the best, and we deliver by responding quickly to their needs, understanding their business issues and providing outstanding legal advice.
Back to top
 
Fragasso Financial Advisors
Fragasso Financial Advisors, located in Downtown Pittsburgh, has been making the financial success of our clients personal for over 40 years. And while the company has grown into a successful independent investment management firm, one thing has remained constant — our commitment to the highest level of personal service.
Our clients, who range from affluent individuals to retirement plan sponsors and nonprofit institutions, deserve sound financial planning and asset management. Our structure helps us remove conflicts of interest and concentrate on the things that truly matter — our clients’ goals. It is our responsibility to understand the unique needs and challenges of each and every one of our clients, while at the same time wrapping our services in a superior experience that is uniform across the firm and that happens every step of the way.
Providing every client with quality, standardized service through all departments is important enough to us that our staff dedicated more than a year building and training on the Fragasso client experience. We don’t just give lip service to our standards of care. It is engrained in our culture. With a 99 percent client retention rate1, we believe many of our clients would agree.
1Based on accounts January 2009 to December 2015

Back to top
 
All Covered
There are many qualities that make a leader great. Leading by example, being humble and remaining positive are the three most important. It’s not just one of these three qualities that make a great leader, but a combination of these, along with a certain amount of luck and intuition, that make leaders excel.
Leaders must lead by example. Never ask someone to do something you wouldn’t do yourself or have attempted to do in the past. Be everything you want the team to be. Share the vision for the company with the team and act it every day. Leading by example puts leaders in a position to delegate and communicate more effectively with their teams.
Leaders must be humble. It is important to have a realistic view of one’s own importance. Employees don’t want to work for a leader who is full of him or her self. Be everything you want your team to be, and realize they are an intricate piece of getting it done (so let them know it). Interact with the team and learn from them every day to enable you to be more creative and gain confidence from your team.
Leaders must remain positive. Never let the unexpected get you down. Stay positive and don’t foster negativity with the team. Get leaders under you who encourage team members to be passionate about the vision. Optimism is contagious to both your employees and customers. Even when enforcing hard policies, remaining positive and describing the reasons are paramount.
All Covered – Managed IT from Konica Minolta
Who is All Covered? Your single point of accountability for all your technology needs.
We provide support across the entire IT spectrum, from optimizing resources to maintaining infrastructure to migrating to the Cloud. With over 700 engineers in more than 30 locations nationwide, All Covered helps companies through a full range of IT services and technology support.
Back to top
 
Fairmont Pittsburgh
A “smart” leader cares about his or her employees, demonstrates clear and effective communication and is passionate about selecting and developing talent.
A Fairmont Pittsburgh leader inspires trust through actions that demonstrate empathy and genuine care for others. This creates a motivating and energizing work environment in which employees are empowered to take ownership of their efforts. Smart leaders recognize that their personal influence is more powerful than their positional authority.
Clear and effective communication is also crucial. In order to set employees up for success, leaders must first make sure they know what is expected of them. Employees look to their leaders to communicate clear expectations for their roles and to provide ongoing performance feedback. They also rely on their leader to follow up and assist them when expectations are not being met. At Fairmont Pittsburgh, leaders are viewed as coaches who understand that effective feedback drives positive behavior and achieves results.
A Fairmont Pittsburgh leader understands that skills, knowledge and experience are important but selecting talent is the key to building a high performing, talent-based organization — and establishing a true competitive advantage. A successful leader hires for talent and trains for technical skills. Leaders at Fairmont Pittsburgh are also passionate about developing that talent once it is in place and providing the guidance and resources employees need to grow within their careers.
In practice, these three traits can be seen in a variety of personalities and management styles within the leadership team at Fairmont Pittsburgh. They provide a solid foundation while still allowing individuals to execute their leadership authentically.
Back to top
 
Event Marketing Strategies
Event Marketing Strategies, an experiential engagement agency focused on non-traditional face-to-face marketing, is proud to be a sponsor of the Smart 50 Awards. We believe fully in hiring and training SMART: Strategic, Motivated, Adaptable, Responsible and Trusted leaders.
When analyzing an organization’s success you tend to look from the top down. Three traits we believe successful leaders embody include excellent communication, attention to detail and strong creativity. Our agency was started and continues to thrive on these principles. Communication, both internally and externally, is key — from securing new business to serving your clients or stakeholders to engaging with your employees through social outings. The success is in the details … or at least that’s how we feel. Every element is important and we believe in treating it as such. Regardless of the industry, companies must be creative. Rather than thinking outside of the box, we don’t even allow a box to exist.
Congratulations to the honorees, it’s incredible to be a part of such a SMART community.
Back to top
 
Convero
Engagement doesn’t happen overnight. It is the result of a long-term commitment by your organization to connect with and invest in the wants and needs of your target audience.
Convero develops content marketing programs that increase engagement and performance. Our five-step process delivers detailed plans — from strategy and planning to execution and measurement — for organizations across a wide range of industries, including banking and finance, health care, higher education, manufacturing and associations.
Back to top
 
WordWrite
In the beginning, there were fires, caves and the story. Since the dawn of civilization, humans have embraced story as our fundamental communication style. Story is hardwired into our psyche, has driven the growth of civilization and frames our experience in the 21st century.
At WordWrite, the importance of an authentic story drives everything our leaders do:
Rooted in truth: The best leaders anchor everything they do in what their employees, customers and other stakeholders know to be true. We all have opinions and interpretations — the ones that win the day are those that come from a place of truth.
Fluent storytellers: Leadership is about engagement and motivation. Great leaders are great storytellers. They enable their teams to do the unthinkable, create solutions that delight their customers and add lasting value to society through persistent commitment to advance more than their bottom line.
Engaging the audience: Remarkable leaders understand that if their audience isn’t engaged, there’s no success. The best leaders continually read their audience to ensure they are engaged — and they adapt their messaging, their tone and their approach to ensure engagement that delivers results.
WordWrite has spent years perfecting an approach that helps organizations develop and share their valuable, unique story in a way that is unique, compelling and memorable. StoryCraftingSM links our expertise in marketing, messaging and public relations with our clients’ business expertise to reach and engage their important audiences.
What’s your great, untold story? We’d like to help you share it.
(412) 246-0340
www.wordwritepr.com/smartpittsburgh
[email protected]
Back to top
 
Digizoom Media
We are visual storytellers who believe that creativity should arise and flourish without boundaries. Whether it’s bringing your brand, your value proposition or your organization’s culture to life, we accompany our award-winning visuals with carefully crafted scripts that support your messaging objectives, engage your audiences and inspire action. Telling your story, engaging your audience and driving results is what we do best. Your vision is our passion.
We amplify your presence by providing high quality, cutting-edge video content. We are dedicated to warm, professional standards of service, and guarantee satisfaction with our products and your experience. Our primary focus is to serve the business community through producing content engineered to expand your reach.
Back to top






 
 















 






	Board of Directors – Ansys

































Skip to Main Content






Careers
Academic
Customer Portal
Resource Library





Global Sites

Benelux
China
France
Germany
India
Italy
Japan
Korea
Netherlands
Spain
Nordic
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States













Menu


Products




Academic
Electronics
Embedded Software
Fluids




Multiphysics
Semiconductors
Structures
Systems




Platform
All Products






Solutions




Solutions by Industry
Aerospace & Defense
Automotive
Construction
Consumer Goods
Energy
Healthcare
High-Tech
Industrial Equipment & Rotating Machinery
Materials & Chemical Processing




Solutions by Application
Electronics Applications
Embedded Software Applications
Fluids Applications
Multiphysics Applications
Semiconductors Applications
Structures Applications
Systems Applications




Solutions by Role
Engineers
Executives
IT Professionals
Product Designers
Managers
Professors
Students






Services




Consulting




Training Center










Support




Customer Portal














About ANSYS




ANSYS App Store
ANSYS Advantage Magazine
Dimensions Magazine
Investor Relations
Business Ethics
ANSYS Startup Program




Careers
Contacts & Locations
Events
ANSYS Partner Network




News Center
Quality Assurance
Social Media
ANSYS Blog



























Home
About
 Investor Relations 
 Corporate Governance 
 Board of Directors





Learn More...

Investor RelationsCompany Information
Investment OpportunityManagementAcquisition HistoryWhite Papers
Press Releases
2017All20142013201220112010200920152016
Financial Information
SEC FilingsAnnual ReportsQuarterly ResultsKey RatiosFinancial Statements
Stock Information
Historical LookupInvestment CalculatorDividend HistoryAnalyst CoverageOwnership Profile
Events & Presentations
PresentationsWebcasts & Events
Corporate Governance
Board of DirectorsCommittee CompositionContact the Board
Investor Services
FAQsStockholder InformationProxy MaterialsRequest InformationEmail Alerts
Contact UsRSS News Feed




Company Information
Investment OpportunityManagementAcquisition HistoryWhite Papers
Press ReleasesFinancial Information
SEC FilingsAnnual ReportsQuarterly Results
2017201620152014201320122011201020092008
Key RatiosFinancial Statements
Balance SheetCash FlowIncome Statement

Stock Information
Historical LookupInvestment CalculatorDividend HistoryAnalyst CoverageOwnership Profile
Events & Presentations
PresentationsWebcasts & Events
Corporate Governance
Board of DirectorsCommittee CompositionContact the Board
Investor Services
FAQs
GeneralStock Split
Stockholder InformationProxy MaterialsRequest InformationEmail Alerts
Contact UsRSS News Feed




Board of Directors




James E. Cashman III,
Chairman





James E. Cashman III became our Chairman of the Board in January 2017. Prior to that, he was our president since 1999 and our chief executive officer since February 2000. Mr. Cashman served as our senior vice president of operations upon joining the Company in September 1997 until April 1999. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cashman was vice president of marketing and international operations at PAR Technology Corporation, a computer software and hardware company involved in transaction processing, from 1995 to September 1997. From 1992 to 1994, he was vice president of product development and marketing at Metaphase Technology, Inc., a product data management company, which was a joint venture of Structural Dynamics Research Corporation and Control Data Systems. Prior to joining Metaphase, Mr. Cashman was employed by Structural Dynamics Research Corporation, a computer aided design company, from 1976 to 1992, in a number of sales and technical positions. Mr. Cashman is also chairman of the Pittsburgh Technology Council and a member of the Board of Directors of Industrial Scientific Corporation, and a past member of the Board of Trustees of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History. Mr. Cashman’s experience includes senior responsibilities in technology, product and market strategy management as well as sales, operational and international functions prior to his general management role with the Company for the past 18 years. His long- standing vision and well-diversified background are key components of the Company’s board structure and effectiveness.





Dr. Ajei S. Gopal
President and Chief Executive Officer





Ajei S. Gopal has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2017. From August 2016 through December 2016, Dr. Gopal was our President and Chief Operating Officer. He has been a member of the Company’s Board of Directors since February 2011. From April 2013 until he joined ANSYS, Dr. Gopal was an operating partner at Silver Lake. From 2011 until 2013, he was senior vice president at Hewlett Packard. Prior to that, Dr. Gopal was executive vice president at CA Technologies, which he joined in 2006. From 2004 to 2006, he was with Symantec Corporation, where he served as executive vice president and chief technology officer. Earlier, Dr. Gopal served as chief executive officer and a member of the Board of Directors of ReefEdge Networks, a company he co-founded in 2000. Before that, he worked at IBM from 1991 to 2000, initially at IBM Research and later in IBM’s Software Group. He began his career as a member of the technical staff at Bell Communications Research. Dr. Gopal has a doctorate in computer science from Cornell University and a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. His background in both technology and senior management of large software and technology companies, along with his experience in global operations and business development, provide significant insight for the Company.





Ronald W. Hovsepian,
Lead Independent Director






Ronald W. Hovsepian has been our Lead Independent Director since October 2014. From October 2014 through December 2016, Mr. Hovsepian was also our non-executive Chairman. He has been a member of the Company’s Board since February 2012. Mr. Hovsepian was appointed chief executive officer of Synchronoss Technologies in January 2017. Previously, Mr. Hovsepian served as president and chief executive officer of Intralinks, Inc., from December 2011 to January 2017; and president and chief executive officer of Novell, Inc. from 2005 to 2011. He joined Novell in 2003 as executive vice president and president, worldwide field operations. Prior to his time at Novell, Mr. Hovsepian spent from 2000 to 2003 in venture capital. He started his career at IBM and served in a number of executive positions over approximately a 16-year period. Mr. Hovsepian has served as a member of the Board of Directors for ANN Inc. from 1998 to August 2015. In that time, he also served as the non-executive chairman of the Board of Directors of ANN Inc. from 2005 to 2015. His extensive experience in the technology and software industries as a chief executive officer, senior manager and venture capital investor positions him to contribute significantly to the Company’s Board of Directors and provide guidance in the areas of sales, marketing and product development.
Member of the Compensation Committee





Guy Dubois






Guy Dubois joined the Company’s Board in September 2015. Mr. Dubois currently serves as a director of Guidewire Software, a NYSE-listed global provider of software for the property and casualty insurance industry, and as Chairman of the Board of The Access Group, a privately held U.K. company and leading author of integrated business management software. Since 2013, he has served as Chairman of NewVoiceMedia, a privately held UK firm specializing in cloud contact center technology. From 2013 to 2015, he was a Senior Advisor at Silver Lake, a leading private equity technology investor. From July 2011 to July 2012, he held the position of CEO at TEMENOS, a banking software provider. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Dubois served as president and CEO of MACH Group, a hub- based mobile communications exchange solutions provider. From 2007 to 2008, Mr. Dubois was the EVP and president of the global products division of Amdocs. From 2005 to 2007, he was president and CEO of Cramer Systems. Between 2001 and 2005, he was EVP at PeopleSoft, where he led strategy and business development outside North America. Previously, Mr. Dubois held senior positions with Vantive, Sybase and Digital Equipment Corporation. Mr. Dubois’ experience in senior leadership positions at software and technology companies, as well as his extensive background in international operations, provide valuable insight and perspective to the Company’s Board.





William (Bill) R. McDermott






William R. McDermott has served as a Director of the Company since July 2007. In May 2014, Mr. McDermott was appointed CEO of SAP AG. From February 2010 to May 2014, Mr. McDermott was co-CEO of SAP. He has been a member of the Executive Board of SAP AG since 2008. Prior to that appointment, Mr. McDermott was the president and chief executive officer of SAP Global Field Operations. Prior to SAP, Mr. McDermott served as executive vice president of Worldwide Sales & Operations at Siebel Systems and as president of Gartner, Inc. He spent 17 years at Xerox Corporation holding various senior management positions including president of the U.S. Major Account Organization and senior vice president/general manager of Xerox Business Systems. He serves on the board of directors of Under Armour, Inc., a performance apparel company dedicated to technologically advanced products. Mr. McDermott’s experience serving and having served in top positions with large leading worldwide software and technology companies for more than 20 years provides extensive general management, international and customer-facing insight to the Company’s Board of Directors.
Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee
Member of the Compensation Committee





Bradford C. Morley






Bradford C. Morley has served as a Director of the Company since February 2001. From 1994 through 2007, Mr. Morley served as a director for various high technology software companies, including Computer Aided Design Software, Inc., Camax Manufacturing Technologies, and CoCreate Software, Inc., where he served as chairman of the Board. From 1990 to 1993, Mr. Morley was president of Applicon, Inc., a CAD/CAM subsidiary of Schlumberger Ltd. Prior to that time, Mr. Morley was employed for fifteen years at Structural Dynamics Research Corporation, where he served as senior vice president and general manager. In May 2014, Mr. Morley was appointed as a Director of 20-20 Technologies Inc., a leading software supplier for professional designers, retailers and manufacturers. Mr. Morley has wide-ranging experience in operational and strategic senior management roles within companies which directly address similar or adjacent markets to those of the Company. In addition, his deep background in senior financial roles provides very valuable skills for functioning in his role as the chairman of our audit committee.
Chair of the Audit Committee
Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee





Barbara V. Scherer






Barbara V. Scherer has served as a Director of the Company since April 2013. Ms. Scherer was senior vice president, finance and administration and chief financial officer of Plantronics, Inc., a global leader in audio communication devices for businesses and consumers from 1998-2012, and was vice president, finance and administration and chief financial officer from 1997-1998. Prior to Plantronics, Ms. Scherer held various executive management positions spanning eleven years in the disk drive industry, was an associate with The Boston Consulting Group, and was a member of the corporate finance team at ARCO in Los Angeles. Ms. Scherer is a director of Netgear, Inc., a global networking company that delivers innovative products to consumers, businesses and service providers. Ms. Scherer is also a director of Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc., a semiconductor equipment manufacturing company. From 2004 through 2010 she served as a director of Keithley Instruments, a publicly traded test and measurement company, until its acquisition by Danaher Corporation. With a career spanning more than 30 years including 25 in senior financial leadership roles in the technology industry, Ms. Scherer provides the Company with practical and strategic insight into complex financial reporting and management issues as well as significant operational expertise.
Member of the Audit Committee





Michael Thurk






Michael C. Thurk has served as a Director of the Company since May 2007. Mr. Thurk is currently the managing partner for Mariposa Consulting, LLC, which provides business and technical consulting for emerging communications companies. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Thurk served as chief operating officer and member of the board at Avaya, Inc. He also held the position of president of Avaya’s Global Communications Solutions and was previously a group vice president of systems at Avaya since 2002. Mr. Thurk has also held management positions at Ericsson and several U.S. data communications companies. At Ericsson, he was executive vice president of Division Data Backbone and Optical Networks and president of Ericsson Datacom, Inc. Before Ericsson, Mr. Thurk was president of Xyplex Networks and a vice president with General DataComm. Prior to that, he worked for Digital Equipment Corporation, in various senior roles and as a vice president responsible for enterprise network related businesses. Mr. Thurk retired as a director of Acme Packet, Inc., a company specializing in border control solutions, in September 2010. Extensive general management experience at large worldwide technology-focused companies provides Mr. Thurk with the ability to contribute significantly to the Company’s strategic, technology and operational directions.
Member of the Audit Committee





Patrick J. Zilvitis






Patrick J. Zilvitis has served as a Director of the Company since July 2000. Mr. Zilvitis was chief information officer and corporate vice president of The Gillette Company, a global producer of consumer goods, from 1992 through 2000. From 1987 to 1992, Mr. Zilvitis managed the Consulting Services business at Digital Equipment Corporation. From 1985 to 1987, Mr. Zilvitis served as president of Martin Marietta Data Systems, responsible for its commercial systems integration, software and timesharing businesses and company-wide internal information technology. Mr. Zilvitis started his career with IBM and spent 17 years in sales, product management and general management positions. Notably, he managed IBM’s Personal Computer channel for large accounts in 1981, the beginning years of the PC. Mr. Zilvitis formerly served as a director of Stocker Yale, Inc., a specialty optics manufacturer, from 2004 to 2009, and has been an independent IT consultant since his retirement from Gillette. Mr. Zilvitis’ experience both as a vendor and as a customer of information technology products and services provides unique and valuable experience and perspective as the Company develops and expands its internal information technology capabilities, integrates acquisitions, and evolves its worldwide sales model to partner with customers’ user communities and their internal information technology departments.
Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee
Chair of the Compensation Committee










click below to start a conversation with ANSYS
Contact Us






Products
Academic
Electronics
Embedded Software
Fluids
Multiphysics
Semiconductors
Structures
Systems
Platform




Solutions
Solutions by Industry
Solutions by Application
Solutions by Role




Services
Consulting
Training Center




Support
Customer Portal




About ANSYS
ANSYS App Store
ANSYS Advantage Magazine
Dimensions Magazine
Investor Relations
Business Ethics
Careers
Contacts & Locations
Events
ANSYS Partner Network
News Center
Quality Assurance
Social Media
ANSYS Blog
ANSYS Startup Program







© 2016 ANSYS, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms and Conditions 
Legal Notices 
Export Control Compliance 
Privacy Policy 
Site Map 
















Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need to download Adobe Reader.

















James E. Cashman III - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East� More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100� More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD� More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM� More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















James E. Cashman III

Age : 63Public asset : 43,714,878 USDLinked companies :  ANSYS, Inc. 





Summary 



Mr. James E. Cashman, III, is Chairman at ANSYS, Inc. and Chairman at Pittsburgh Technology Council.He is on the Board of Directors at Industrial Scientific Corp. and SpaceClaim Corp. Mr. Cashman was previously employed as VP-Marketing & International Operations by PAR Technology Corp., Vice President-Product Development & Marketing by Metaphase Technology, Inc., a Member by Chicago Board of Trade, a Principal by Structural Dynamics Research Corp., and a Trustee by Carnegie Museum of Natural History.He also served on the board at CBOT Holdings, Inc.



Current positions of James E. Cashman III 









 NameTitle
Since
 ANSYS, Inc.(Software)
Chairman
1997Pittsburgh Technology Council
Chairman
-Industrial Scientific Corp.
Director
2014SpaceClaim Corp.
President & Director
-



Holdings of James E. Cashman III 










 NameEquities%Valuation

 ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Software 359,2610.42%43,714,878 USD



James E. Cashman III: Personal Network 







 NameLinked companies

Maria T. Shields ANSYS, Inc.SpaceClaim Corp. 

Sheila S. DiNardo ANSYS, Inc.SpaceClaim Corp. 

Richard Riff SpaceClaim Corp. 

Kent D. McElhattan Industrial Scientific Corp. 

Ronald W. Hovsepian ANSYS, Inc. 

Annette N. Arribas ANSYS, Inc. 

Ajei S. Gopal ANSYS, Inc. 

Barbara Vaughn Scherer ANSYS, Inc. 

Robert W. Kampmeinert Industrial Scientific Corp. 

William McDermott ANSYS, Inc. 




Most Read News 




07/17 CHARLES SCHWAB : Low-fee BlackRock funds reel in cash but earnings disappoint



07/17DJCHARLES SCHARF : Bank of New York Mellon Names Former Visa Executive Scharf CEO and Chairman



07/17 PHILIP GREEN : You're hired - UK 'Apprentice' star Brady to chair Philip Green's company



07/17DJRUPERT MURDOCH : Tesla Names James Murdoch and Linda Johnson Rice to Board -- Update



07/17DJJAMES MURDOCH : Tesla Names James Murdoch and Linda Johnson to Board of Directors



07/18DJMARK LIGHT : Top Company News of the Day



07/18DJNELSON PELTZ : Peltz Goes on Offense In Break From Form -- WSJ



07/17 DAVID HENRY : Didn't pay your Macy's bill? Expect a text from Citigroup



07/17DJMARK LIGHT : Top Company News of the Day



07/17DJNELSON PELTZ : Peltz Seeks P&G Board Seat -- WSJ



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








James E. Cashman III : Connections 



 Under Armour Inc









William McDermott




 Secureworks Corp









William McDermott




 ANSYS, Inc.









Maria T. ShieldsSheila S. DiNardoRonald W. HovsepianAnnette N. ArribasAjei S. GopalBarbara Vaughn SchererWilliam McDermott




 NetGear, Inc.









Barbara Vaughn Scherer




 Ultra Clean Holdings Inc









Barbara Vaughn Scherer




 Geometric Ltd









Richard Riff




 SAP SE









William McDermott




Software Alliance Corp.
                                            








Sheila S. DiNardo





Boy Scouts of America
                                            








Sheila S. DiNardo





SiteScape, Inc.
                                            








Ronald W. Hovsepian





Geometric Americas, Inc.
                                            








Richard Riff





Silver Lake LLC
                                            








Ajei S. Gopal





Proficiency Ltd.
                                            








Richard Riff





West Penn Allegheny Health System
                                            








Robert W. Kampmeinert





Parknav, Inc.
                                            








Richard Riff





Society of Mining Engineers
                                            








Kent D. McElhattan





SpaceClaim Corp.
                                            








Maria T. ShieldsSheila S. DiNardoRichard Riff





Ann Taylor Corp.
                                            








Ronald W. Hovsepian





Neuro Kinetics, Inc.
                                            








Robert W. Kampmeinert





Computer Associates Canada Co.
                                            








Ajei S. Gopal





 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bollor�
Warren Buffett
Antony Burgmans
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Michael Dell
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
Terry Gou
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Jack Ma
Marissa Mayer
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Urs Rohner
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :B�rse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright � 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave







	
        Compensation Information for James E. Cashman III, CEO of ANSYS INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





James E. Cashman III
Executive Compensation
As CEO at ANSYS INC, James E. Cashman III made $7,371,075 in total compensation.  Of this total $750,000 was received as a salary, $627,000 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $5,948,600 was awarded as stock and $45,475 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for James E. Cashman III,  CEO at ANSYS INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. ANSYS INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. ANSYS INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Maria T. Shields 
Ajei S. Gopal 
Walid  Abu-Hadba 
Robert  Kocis 

Rick  Mahoney 






James E. Cashman III


Base Pay$750,000
Bonus + Incentive Comp$627,000
Total Cash Compensation$1,377,000


Stock Award Value$5,948,600
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$5,948,600



Total Other$45,475



Total Compensation$7,371,075




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 
   James Cashman | ANSYS , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com





James Cashman Iii - Ansys Inc (anss) - The Wall Street Transcript
















































 






































Technology >> CEO Interviews >> January 3, 2003 James Cashman Iii – Ansys Inc (anss)
JAMES E. CASHMAN III is President and CEO of ANSYS, Inc., a
global innovator of simulation software and technologies aimed at
optimizing customers' product development processes. Mr.
Cashman's 30 years of expertise in the areas of financial,
operational and sales management has brought to prominence
numerous computer-aided design, product data management,
transaction processing and computer-aided engineering companies.
Mr. Cashman is a driving force behind ANSYS Inc.'s 'collaborative
engineering' strategy, which supports the implementation of a
virtual product development process. To that end, he has turned
the company's strategic focus toward an expanded product
portfolio, customer relationship management, building strategic
relationships with major accounts and business-to-business
partnerships in order to better serve the diverse needs of
analysts and design engineers throughout the world. This solid
investment in infrastructure, coupled with strategically aligned
acquisitions, has been the basis for five  straight years of
quarterly growth and profitability. Before joining ANSYS Inc.,
Mr. Cashman was Vice President for International Operations,
Marketing and Software Development at PAR Technology Corporation.
Prior to that role, he held management positions at Structural
Dynamics Research Corporation in the areas of international
sales, major account development, and product management.
Programs under his direction resulted in strong development of
international markets, the formalization of the major account
programs, and the launching and revitalization of multiple
product lines. His efforts helped make SDRC one of the premier
CAD software suppliers, and resulted in his promotion to general
manager of the data management business unit. This led to his
appointment as Vice President of Product Development and
Marketing at Metaphase Technology, Inc.'a joint venture between
SDRC and Control Data Corporation. In that capacity, he
spearheaded the development and marketing of the PDM technology
that propelled Metaphase into a leading role in the engineering
marketplace. He holds BSME, MSME and MBA degrees from the
University of Cincinnati in Ohio. In addition to his duties as
ANSYS, Inc. President and CEO, he serves on the board of
directors for the company, as well as on the board of the
Pittsburgh Technology Council, and other technology companies. Profile


TWST: Would you begin with an introduction to of ANSYS?Mr. Cashman: Basically, ANSYS Inc. is a company that the solereason for being is to help our customers develop better qualityproducts
    

Join for free to read a longer excerpt or purchase this article

Already a member? Login here 









CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google















Ansys - Wikipedia





















 






Ansys

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from ANSYS)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The topic of this article may not meet Wikipedia's general notability guideline. Please help to establish notability by citing reliable secondary sources that are independent of the topic and provide significant coverage of it beyond its mere trivial mention. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted.
Find sources: "Ansys" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article may rely excessively on sources too closely associated with the subject, potentially preventing the article from being verifiable and neutral. Please help improve it by replacing them with more appropriate citations to reliable, independent, third-party sources. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ANSYS, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: ANSS
S&P 500 component





Industry
Computer software


Founded
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States (1970)


Headquarters
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States



Key people

James E. Cashman III, Chairman
Ajei S. Gopal, CEO


Products
ANSYS Multiphysics, CFD, Fluent, Workbench, HFSS, SIWave, SpaceClaim


Revenue
US$896M (FY 2014)[1]



Operating income

US$336M (FY 2014)[2]



Net income

US$258M (FY 2014)[3]


Total assets
US$2.80B (FY 2014)[4]


Total equity
US$2.22B (FY 2014)[4]



Number of employees

+2,900 (2014)


Website
www.ansys.com


ANSYS, Inc. is an American Computer-aided engineering software developer headquartered south of Pittsburgh in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Ansys publishes engineering analysis software across a range of disciplines including finite element analysis, structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, explicit and implicit methods, and heat transfer.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Products
4 Structural Analysis

4.1 ANSYS Autodyn
4.2 ANSYS Mechanical


5 Fluid Dynamics

5.1 ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE


6 Electronics

6.1 ANSYS HFSS
6.2 ANSYS Maxwell
6.3 ANSYS SIwave


7 Suites
8 Availability
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




ANSYS, Inc. headquarters building in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania.


The company was founded in 1970. by John A. Swanson as Swanson Analysis Systems, Inc (SASI). Its primary purpose was to develop and market finite element analysis software for structural physics that could simulate static (stationary), dynamic (moving) and thermal (heat transfer) problems. SASI developed its business in parallel with the growth in computer technology and engineering needs. The company grew by 10 percent to 20 percent each year, and in 1994 it was sold to TA Associates. The new owners took SASI's leading software, called ANSYS, as their flagship product and designated ANSYS, Inc. as the new company name.[citation needed]
Ansys was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. In 2011, Investor's Business Daily gave the firm a top score on its SmartSelect composite ratings.[5] The organization claims to reinvest 15 percent of its revenues each year into research to continually refine the software.[6]
Acquisitions[edit]
Ansys has acquired a number of companies since 2000, including ICEM CFD Engineering, Space-claim, CADOE S.A., of Lyon, France, a company specializing in parametric analysis, and with numerous French clients, including Michelin, Renault, Airbus, Areva and EDF,[7] and CFX (2003); Century Dynamics, Harvard Thermal, and Fluent Inc. (2006); Ansoft Corporation (2008); Apache Design Solutions (2011); Esterel Technologies (2012);[8] EVEN and Reaction Design (2013); Spaceclaim Corporation (2014) [9] and Newmerical Technologies International (2015).
Products[edit]

ANSYS




Stable release

18.0 / January 2017; 6 months ago (2017-01)






Operating system
Microsoft Windows, Linux, Unix (discontinued as of version 15.0)


Type
Simulation software, including computational fluid dynamics software


License
Commercial software


Website
www.ansys.com


Structural Analysis[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn is computer simulation tool for simulating the response of materials to short duration severe loadings from impact, high pressure or explosions.[10]
ANSYS Mechanical[edit]
ANSYS Mechanical is a finite element analysis tool for structural analysis, including linear, nonlinear and dynamic studies. This computer simulation product provides finite elements to model behavior, and supports material models and equation solvers for a wide range of mechanical design problems. ANSYS Mechanical also includes thermal analysis and coupled-physics capabilities involving acoustics, piezoelectric, thermal–structural and thermo-electric analysis.[11]
Fluid Dynamics[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE and related software are Computational Fluid Dynamics software tools used by engineers for design and analysis.[12] These tools can simulate fluid flows in a virtual environment — for example, the fluid dynamics of ship hulls; gas turbine engines (including the compressors, combustion chamber, turbines and afterburners); aircraft aerodynamics; pumps, fans, HVAC systems, mixing vessels, hydrocyclones, vacuum cleaners, etc.
Electronics[edit]
ANSYS HFSS[edit]
ANSYS HFSS is a Finite Element Analysis tool for simulating full-wave electromagnetic fields. HFSS incorporates finite element, integral equation, and hybrid methods to solve a wide range of microwave, RF and high-speed digital applications.[13]
ANSYS Maxwell[edit]
ANSYS Maxwell is a Finite Element Analysis tool for electromagnetic field simulation, primarily for engineers tasked with designing and analyzing electromagnetic and electromechanical devices, including motors, actuators, transformers, sensors and coils. ANSYS Maxwell incorporates finite element method solvers to solve static, frequency-domain, and time-varying electromagnetic and electric fields.[14]
ANSYS SIwave[edit]
ANSYS SIwave is a specialized design platform for power integrity, signal integrity and Electromagnetic interference (EMI) analysis of electronic packages and PCBs.[15]
Suites[edit]
ANSYS Multiphysics and ANSYS Workbench provide multiple ANSYS tools in a single package.
Availability[edit]
A free student version is available for download, and supports up to 32,000 nodes/elements.[16]
See also[edit]

Software industry in Telangana
List of finite element software packages

References[edit]


^ http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Ansys_(ANSS)/Data/Total_Revenues
^ "Operating Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "Net Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ a b ANSYS (ANSS) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ "Six Techs In IBD 50 Stocks List Have Top CR 99 Rating | Stock News & Stock Market Analysis - IBD". News.investors.com. 2016-09-23. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "SEC Filings – Ansys". Investors.ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS, Inc. to Acquire CADOE Software". 14 November 2003. Retrieved 1 November 2014. 
^ "Esterel + ANSYS will change an industry". Corum Group. 2012-05-30. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Acquires SpaceClaim Corporation, A Leading Provider Of 3-D Modeling Software". Otp.investis.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Autodyn - Equations of Motion". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Mechanical Enterprise - Structural Analysis Software for FEA". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS CFD - Simulation Software Bundle". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS HFSS - High Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Maxwell - Low Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS SIwave - Signal Integrity Analysis". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Student Products - Free Simulation Software for Students". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ansys.



Official website

product page









v
t
e


CAE software



Open-source



Advanced Simulation Library
Calculix
Code Saturne
Elmer
FeatFlow
FEniCS
FreeFem++
Gerris
MOOSE
Open Cascade Technology
OpenFOAM
QBlade
Salome
SU2





Proprietary



Actran
Ansys
Abaqus
ADINA
Autodesk Simulation
Altair
AVL
CATIA
PTC Creo
COMSOL Multiphysics
CST Studio Suite
DIANA
FEATool Multiphysics
Femap
Fluent
FORAN
JCMsuite
KIVA
MSC ADAMS
Nastran
Sesam
Siemens NX
SolidWorks
StressCheck
RFEM
Working Model





Cloud-based



SimScale










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ansys&oldid=790507206"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQSoftware companies based in PennsylvaniaCompanies established in 1970Computational fluid dynamicsFinite element software for LinuxHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with topics of unclear notability from May 2017All articles with topics of unclear notabilityArticles lacking reliable references from May 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Commons category with page title different than on WikidataOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةCatalàDeutschEspañolFrançaisLietuvių日本語PolskiPortuguêsSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 05:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ansys - Wikipedia





















 






Ansys

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from ANSYS)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The topic of this article may not meet Wikipedia's general notability guideline. Please help to establish notability by citing reliable secondary sources that are independent of the topic and provide significant coverage of it beyond its mere trivial mention. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted.
Find sources: "Ansys" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article may rely excessively on sources too closely associated with the subject, potentially preventing the article from being verifiable and neutral. Please help improve it by replacing them with more appropriate citations to reliable, independent, third-party sources. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ANSYS, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: ANSS
S&P 500 component





Industry
Computer software


Founded
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States (1970)


Headquarters
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States



Key people

James E. Cashman III, Chairman
Ajei S. Gopal, CEO


Products
ANSYS Multiphysics, CFD, Fluent, Workbench, HFSS, SIWave, SpaceClaim


Revenue
US$896M (FY 2014)[1]



Operating income

US$336M (FY 2014)[2]



Net income

US$258M (FY 2014)[3]


Total assets
US$2.80B (FY 2014)[4]


Total equity
US$2.22B (FY 2014)[4]



Number of employees

+2,900 (2014)


Website
www.ansys.com


ANSYS, Inc. is an American Computer-aided engineering software developer headquartered south of Pittsburgh in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Ansys publishes engineering analysis software across a range of disciplines including finite element analysis, structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, explicit and implicit methods, and heat transfer.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Products
4 Structural Analysis

4.1 ANSYS Autodyn
4.2 ANSYS Mechanical


5 Fluid Dynamics

5.1 ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE


6 Electronics

6.1 ANSYS HFSS
6.2 ANSYS Maxwell
6.3 ANSYS SIwave


7 Suites
8 Availability
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




ANSYS, Inc. headquarters building in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania.


The company was founded in 1970. by John A. Swanson as Swanson Analysis Systems, Inc (SASI). Its primary purpose was to develop and market finite element analysis software for structural physics that could simulate static (stationary), dynamic (moving) and thermal (heat transfer) problems. SASI developed its business in parallel with the growth in computer technology and engineering needs. The company grew by 10 percent to 20 percent each year, and in 1994 it was sold to TA Associates. The new owners took SASI's leading software, called ANSYS, as their flagship product and designated ANSYS, Inc. as the new company name.[citation needed]
Ansys was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. In 2011, Investor's Business Daily gave the firm a top score on its SmartSelect composite ratings.[5] The organization claims to reinvest 15 percent of its revenues each year into research to continually refine the software.[6]
Acquisitions[edit]
Ansys has acquired a number of companies since 2000, including ICEM CFD Engineering, Space-claim, CADOE S.A., of Lyon, France, a company specializing in parametric analysis, and with numerous French clients, including Michelin, Renault, Airbus, Areva and EDF,[7] and CFX (2003); Century Dynamics, Harvard Thermal, and Fluent Inc. (2006); Ansoft Corporation (2008); Apache Design Solutions (2011); Esterel Technologies (2012);[8] EVEN and Reaction Design (2013); Spaceclaim Corporation (2014) [9] and Newmerical Technologies International (2015).
Products[edit]

ANSYS




Stable release

18.0 / January 2017; 6 months ago (2017-01)






Operating system
Microsoft Windows, Linux, Unix (discontinued as of version 15.0)


Type
Simulation software, including computational fluid dynamics software


License
Commercial software


Website
www.ansys.com


Structural Analysis[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn is computer simulation tool for simulating the response of materials to short duration severe loadings from impact, high pressure or explosions.[10]
ANSYS Mechanical[edit]
ANSYS Mechanical is a finite element analysis tool for structural analysis, including linear, nonlinear and dynamic studies. This computer simulation product provides finite elements to model behavior, and supports material models and equation solvers for a wide range of mechanical design problems. ANSYS Mechanical also includes thermal analysis and coupled-physics capabilities involving acoustics, piezoelectric, thermal–structural and thermo-electric analysis.[11]
Fluid Dynamics[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE and related software are Computational Fluid Dynamics software tools used by engineers for design and analysis.[12] These tools can simulate fluid flows in a virtual environment — for example, the fluid dynamics of ship hulls; gas turbine engines (including the compressors, combustion chamber, turbines and afterburners); aircraft aerodynamics; pumps, fans, HVAC systems, mixing vessels, hydrocyclones, vacuum cleaners, etc.
Electronics[edit]
ANSYS HFSS[edit]
ANSYS HFSS is a Finite Element Analysis tool for simulating full-wave electromagnetic fields. HFSS incorporates finite element, integral equation, and hybrid methods to solve a wide range of microwave, RF and high-speed digital applications.[13]
ANSYS Maxwell[edit]
ANSYS Maxwell is a Finite Element Analysis tool for electromagnetic field simulation, primarily for engineers tasked with designing and analyzing electromagnetic and electromechanical devices, including motors, actuators, transformers, sensors and coils. ANSYS Maxwell incorporates finite element method solvers to solve static, frequency-domain, and time-varying electromagnetic and electric fields.[14]
ANSYS SIwave[edit]
ANSYS SIwave is a specialized design platform for power integrity, signal integrity and Electromagnetic interference (EMI) analysis of electronic packages and PCBs.[15]
Suites[edit]
ANSYS Multiphysics and ANSYS Workbench provide multiple ANSYS tools in a single package.
Availability[edit]
A free student version is available for download, and supports up to 32,000 nodes/elements.[16]
See also[edit]

Software industry in Telangana
List of finite element software packages

References[edit]


^ http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Ansys_(ANSS)/Data/Total_Revenues
^ "Operating Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "Net Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ a b ANSYS (ANSS) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ "Six Techs In IBD 50 Stocks List Have Top CR 99 Rating | Stock News & Stock Market Analysis - IBD". News.investors.com. 2016-09-23. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "SEC Filings – Ansys". Investors.ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS, Inc. to Acquire CADOE Software". 14 November 2003. Retrieved 1 November 2014. 
^ "Esterel + ANSYS will change an industry". Corum Group. 2012-05-30. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Acquires SpaceClaim Corporation, A Leading Provider Of 3-D Modeling Software". Otp.investis.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Autodyn - Equations of Motion". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Mechanical Enterprise - Structural Analysis Software for FEA". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS CFD - Simulation Software Bundle". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS HFSS - High Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Maxwell - Low Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS SIwave - Signal Integrity Analysis". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Student Products - Free Simulation Software for Students". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ansys.



Official website

product page









v
t
e


CAE software



Open-source



Advanced Simulation Library
Calculix
Code Saturne
Elmer
FeatFlow
FEniCS
FreeFem++
Gerris
MOOSE
Open Cascade Technology
OpenFOAM
QBlade
Salome
SU2





Proprietary



Actran
Ansys
Abaqus
ADINA
Autodesk Simulation
Altair
AVL
CATIA
PTC Creo
COMSOL Multiphysics
CST Studio Suite
DIANA
FEATool Multiphysics
Femap
Fluent
FORAN
JCMsuite
KIVA
MSC ADAMS
Nastran
Sesam
Siemens NX
SolidWorks
StressCheck
RFEM
Working Model





Cloud-based



SimScale










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ansys&oldid=790507206"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQSoftware companies based in PennsylvaniaCompanies established in 1970Computational fluid dynamicsFinite element software for LinuxHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with topics of unclear notability from May 2017All articles with topics of unclear notabilityArticles lacking reliable references from May 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Commons category with page title different than on WikidataOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةCatalàDeutschEspañolFrançaisLietuvių日本語PolskiPortuguêsSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 05:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ansys - Wikipedia





















 






Ansys

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from ANSYS)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The topic of this article may not meet Wikipedia's general notability guideline. Please help to establish notability by citing reliable secondary sources that are independent of the topic and provide significant coverage of it beyond its mere trivial mention. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted.
Find sources: "Ansys" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article may rely excessively on sources too closely associated with the subject, potentially preventing the article from being verifiable and neutral. Please help improve it by replacing them with more appropriate citations to reliable, independent, third-party sources. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ANSYS, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: ANSS
S&P 500 component





Industry
Computer software


Founded
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States (1970)


Headquarters
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States



Key people

James E. Cashman III, Chairman
Ajei S. Gopal, CEO


Products
ANSYS Multiphysics, CFD, Fluent, Workbench, HFSS, SIWave, SpaceClaim


Revenue
US$896M (FY 2014)[1]



Operating income

US$336M (FY 2014)[2]



Net income

US$258M (FY 2014)[3]


Total assets
US$2.80B (FY 2014)[4]


Total equity
US$2.22B (FY 2014)[4]



Number of employees

+2,900 (2014)


Website
www.ansys.com


ANSYS, Inc. is an American Computer-aided engineering software developer headquartered south of Pittsburgh in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Ansys publishes engineering analysis software across a range of disciplines including finite element analysis, structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, explicit and implicit methods, and heat transfer.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Products
4 Structural Analysis

4.1 ANSYS Autodyn
4.2 ANSYS Mechanical


5 Fluid Dynamics

5.1 ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE


6 Electronics

6.1 ANSYS HFSS
6.2 ANSYS Maxwell
6.3 ANSYS SIwave


7 Suites
8 Availability
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




ANSYS, Inc. headquarters building in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania.


The company was founded in 1970. by John A. Swanson as Swanson Analysis Systems, Inc (SASI). Its primary purpose was to develop and market finite element analysis software for structural physics that could simulate static (stationary), dynamic (moving) and thermal (heat transfer) problems. SASI developed its business in parallel with the growth in computer technology and engineering needs. The company grew by 10 percent to 20 percent each year, and in 1994 it was sold to TA Associates. The new owners took SASI's leading software, called ANSYS, as their flagship product and designated ANSYS, Inc. as the new company name.[citation needed]
Ansys was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. In 2011, Investor's Business Daily gave the firm a top score on its SmartSelect composite ratings.[5] The organization claims to reinvest 15 percent of its revenues each year into research to continually refine the software.[6]
Acquisitions[edit]
Ansys has acquired a number of companies since 2000, including ICEM CFD Engineering, Space-claim, CADOE S.A., of Lyon, France, a company specializing in parametric analysis, and with numerous French clients, including Michelin, Renault, Airbus, Areva and EDF,[7] and CFX (2003); Century Dynamics, Harvard Thermal, and Fluent Inc. (2006); Ansoft Corporation (2008); Apache Design Solutions (2011); Esterel Technologies (2012);[8] EVEN and Reaction Design (2013); Spaceclaim Corporation (2014) [9] and Newmerical Technologies International (2015).
Products[edit]

ANSYS




Stable release

18.0 / January 2017; 6 months ago (2017-01)






Operating system
Microsoft Windows, Linux, Unix (discontinued as of version 15.0)


Type
Simulation software, including computational fluid dynamics software


License
Commercial software


Website
www.ansys.com


Structural Analysis[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn is computer simulation tool for simulating the response of materials to short duration severe loadings from impact, high pressure or explosions.[10]
ANSYS Mechanical[edit]
ANSYS Mechanical is a finite element analysis tool for structural analysis, including linear, nonlinear and dynamic studies. This computer simulation product provides finite elements to model behavior, and supports material models and equation solvers for a wide range of mechanical design problems. ANSYS Mechanical also includes thermal analysis and coupled-physics capabilities involving acoustics, piezoelectric, thermal–structural and thermo-electric analysis.[11]
Fluid Dynamics[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE and related software are Computational Fluid Dynamics software tools used by engineers for design and analysis.[12] These tools can simulate fluid flows in a virtual environment — for example, the fluid dynamics of ship hulls; gas turbine engines (including the compressors, combustion chamber, turbines and afterburners); aircraft aerodynamics; pumps, fans, HVAC systems, mixing vessels, hydrocyclones, vacuum cleaners, etc.
Electronics[edit]
ANSYS HFSS[edit]
ANSYS HFSS is a Finite Element Analysis tool for simulating full-wave electromagnetic fields. HFSS incorporates finite element, integral equation, and hybrid methods to solve a wide range of microwave, RF and high-speed digital applications.[13]
ANSYS Maxwell[edit]
ANSYS Maxwell is a Finite Element Analysis tool for electromagnetic field simulation, primarily for engineers tasked with designing and analyzing electromagnetic and electromechanical devices, including motors, actuators, transformers, sensors and coils. ANSYS Maxwell incorporates finite element method solvers to solve static, frequency-domain, and time-varying electromagnetic and electric fields.[14]
ANSYS SIwave[edit]
ANSYS SIwave is a specialized design platform for power integrity, signal integrity and Electromagnetic interference (EMI) analysis of electronic packages and PCBs.[15]
Suites[edit]
ANSYS Multiphysics and ANSYS Workbench provide multiple ANSYS tools in a single package.
Availability[edit]
A free student version is available for download, and supports up to 32,000 nodes/elements.[16]
See also[edit]

Software industry in Telangana
List of finite element software packages

References[edit]


^ http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Ansys_(ANSS)/Data/Total_Revenues
^ "Operating Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "Net Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ a b ANSYS (ANSS) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ "Six Techs In IBD 50 Stocks List Have Top CR 99 Rating | Stock News & Stock Market Analysis - IBD". News.investors.com. 2016-09-23. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "SEC Filings – Ansys". Investors.ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS, Inc. to Acquire CADOE Software". 14 November 2003. Retrieved 1 November 2014. 
^ "Esterel + ANSYS will change an industry". Corum Group. 2012-05-30. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Acquires SpaceClaim Corporation, A Leading Provider Of 3-D Modeling Software". Otp.investis.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Autodyn - Equations of Motion". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Mechanical Enterprise - Structural Analysis Software for FEA". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS CFD - Simulation Software Bundle". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS HFSS - High Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Maxwell - Low Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS SIwave - Signal Integrity Analysis". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Student Products - Free Simulation Software for Students". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ansys.



Official website

product page









v
t
e


CAE software



Open-source



Advanced Simulation Library
Calculix
Code Saturne
Elmer
FeatFlow
FEniCS
FreeFem++
Gerris
MOOSE
Open Cascade Technology
OpenFOAM
QBlade
Salome
SU2





Proprietary



Actran
Ansys
Abaqus
ADINA
Autodesk Simulation
Altair
AVL
CATIA
PTC Creo
COMSOL Multiphysics
CST Studio Suite
DIANA
FEATool Multiphysics
Femap
Fluent
FORAN
JCMsuite
KIVA
MSC ADAMS
Nastran
Sesam
Siemens NX
SolidWorks
StressCheck
RFEM
Working Model





Cloud-based



SimScale










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ansys&oldid=790507206"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQSoftware companies based in PennsylvaniaCompanies established in 1970Computational fluid dynamicsFinite element software for LinuxHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with topics of unclear notability from May 2017All articles with topics of unclear notabilityArticles lacking reliable references from May 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Commons category with page title different than on WikidataOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةCatalàDeutschEspañolFrançaisLietuvių日本語PolskiPortuguêsSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 05:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ansys - Wikipedia





















 






Ansys

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from ANSYS)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The topic of this article may not meet Wikipedia's general notability guideline. Please help to establish notability by citing reliable secondary sources that are independent of the topic and provide significant coverage of it beyond its mere trivial mention. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted.
Find sources: "Ansys" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article may rely excessively on sources too closely associated with the subject, potentially preventing the article from being verifiable and neutral. Please help improve it by replacing them with more appropriate citations to reliable, independent, third-party sources. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ANSYS, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: ANSS
S&P 500 component





Industry
Computer software


Founded
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States (1970)


Headquarters
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States



Key people

James E. Cashman III, Chairman
Ajei S. Gopal, CEO


Products
ANSYS Multiphysics, CFD, Fluent, Workbench, HFSS, SIWave, SpaceClaim


Revenue
US$896M (FY 2014)[1]



Operating income

US$336M (FY 2014)[2]



Net income

US$258M (FY 2014)[3]


Total assets
US$2.80B (FY 2014)[4]


Total equity
US$2.22B (FY 2014)[4]



Number of employees

+2,900 (2014)


Website
www.ansys.com


ANSYS, Inc. is an American Computer-aided engineering software developer headquartered south of Pittsburgh in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Ansys publishes engineering analysis software across a range of disciplines including finite element analysis, structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, explicit and implicit methods, and heat transfer.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Products
4 Structural Analysis

4.1 ANSYS Autodyn
4.2 ANSYS Mechanical


5 Fluid Dynamics

5.1 ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE


6 Electronics

6.1 ANSYS HFSS
6.2 ANSYS Maxwell
6.3 ANSYS SIwave


7 Suites
8 Availability
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




ANSYS, Inc. headquarters building in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania.


The company was founded in 1970. by John A. Swanson as Swanson Analysis Systems, Inc (SASI). Its primary purpose was to develop and market finite element analysis software for structural physics that could simulate static (stationary), dynamic (moving) and thermal (heat transfer) problems. SASI developed its business in parallel with the growth in computer technology and engineering needs. The company grew by 10 percent to 20 percent each year, and in 1994 it was sold to TA Associates. The new owners took SASI's leading software, called ANSYS, as their flagship product and designated ANSYS, Inc. as the new company name.[citation needed]
Ansys was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. In 2011, Investor's Business Daily gave the firm a top score on its SmartSelect composite ratings.[5] The organization claims to reinvest 15 percent of its revenues each year into research to continually refine the software.[6]
Acquisitions[edit]
Ansys has acquired a number of companies since 2000, including ICEM CFD Engineering, Space-claim, CADOE S.A., of Lyon, France, a company specializing in parametric analysis, and with numerous French clients, including Michelin, Renault, Airbus, Areva and EDF,[7] and CFX (2003); Century Dynamics, Harvard Thermal, and Fluent Inc. (2006); Ansoft Corporation (2008); Apache Design Solutions (2011); Esterel Technologies (2012);[8] EVEN and Reaction Design (2013); Spaceclaim Corporation (2014) [9] and Newmerical Technologies International (2015).
Products[edit]

ANSYS




Stable release

18.0 / January 2017; 6 months ago (2017-01)






Operating system
Microsoft Windows, Linux, Unix (discontinued as of version 15.0)


Type
Simulation software, including computational fluid dynamics software


License
Commercial software


Website
www.ansys.com


Structural Analysis[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn is computer simulation tool for simulating the response of materials to short duration severe loadings from impact, high pressure or explosions.[10]
ANSYS Mechanical[edit]
ANSYS Mechanical is a finite element analysis tool for structural analysis, including linear, nonlinear and dynamic studies. This computer simulation product provides finite elements to model behavior, and supports material models and equation solvers for a wide range of mechanical design problems. ANSYS Mechanical also includes thermal analysis and coupled-physics capabilities involving acoustics, piezoelectric, thermal–structural and thermo-electric analysis.[11]
Fluid Dynamics[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE and related software are Computational Fluid Dynamics software tools used by engineers for design and analysis.[12] These tools can simulate fluid flows in a virtual environment — for example, the fluid dynamics of ship hulls; gas turbine engines (including the compressors, combustion chamber, turbines and afterburners); aircraft aerodynamics; pumps, fans, HVAC systems, mixing vessels, hydrocyclones, vacuum cleaners, etc.
Electronics[edit]
ANSYS HFSS[edit]
ANSYS HFSS is a Finite Element Analysis tool for simulating full-wave electromagnetic fields. HFSS incorporates finite element, integral equation, and hybrid methods to solve a wide range of microwave, RF and high-speed digital applications.[13]
ANSYS Maxwell[edit]
ANSYS Maxwell is a Finite Element Analysis tool for electromagnetic field simulation, primarily for engineers tasked with designing and analyzing electromagnetic and electromechanical devices, including motors, actuators, transformers, sensors and coils. ANSYS Maxwell incorporates finite element method solvers to solve static, frequency-domain, and time-varying electromagnetic and electric fields.[14]
ANSYS SIwave[edit]
ANSYS SIwave is a specialized design platform for power integrity, signal integrity and Electromagnetic interference (EMI) analysis of electronic packages and PCBs.[15]
Suites[edit]
ANSYS Multiphysics and ANSYS Workbench provide multiple ANSYS tools in a single package.
Availability[edit]
A free student version is available for download, and supports up to 32,000 nodes/elements.[16]
See also[edit]

Software industry in Telangana
List of finite element software packages

References[edit]


^ http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Ansys_(ANSS)/Data/Total_Revenues
^ "Operating Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "Net Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ a b ANSYS (ANSS) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ "Six Techs In IBD 50 Stocks List Have Top CR 99 Rating | Stock News & Stock Market Analysis - IBD". News.investors.com. 2016-09-23. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "SEC Filings – Ansys". Investors.ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS, Inc. to Acquire CADOE Software". 14 November 2003. Retrieved 1 November 2014. 
^ "Esterel + ANSYS will change an industry". Corum Group. 2012-05-30. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Acquires SpaceClaim Corporation, A Leading Provider Of 3-D Modeling Software". Otp.investis.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Autodyn - Equations of Motion". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Mechanical Enterprise - Structural Analysis Software for FEA". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS CFD - Simulation Software Bundle". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS HFSS - High Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Maxwell - Low Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS SIwave - Signal Integrity Analysis". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Student Products - Free Simulation Software for Students". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ansys.



Official website

product page









v
t
e


CAE software



Open-source



Advanced Simulation Library
Calculix
Code Saturne
Elmer
FeatFlow
FEniCS
FreeFem++
Gerris
MOOSE
Open Cascade Technology
OpenFOAM
QBlade
Salome
SU2





Proprietary



Actran
Ansys
Abaqus
ADINA
Autodesk Simulation
Altair
AVL
CATIA
PTC Creo
COMSOL Multiphysics
CST Studio Suite
DIANA
FEATool Multiphysics
Femap
Fluent
FORAN
JCMsuite
KIVA
MSC ADAMS
Nastran
Sesam
Siemens NX
SolidWorks
StressCheck
RFEM
Working Model





Cloud-based



SimScale










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ansys&oldid=790507206"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQSoftware companies based in PennsylvaniaCompanies established in 1970Computational fluid dynamicsFinite element software for LinuxHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with topics of unclear notability from May 2017All articles with topics of unclear notabilityArticles lacking reliable references from May 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Commons category with page title different than on WikidataOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةCatalàDeutschEspañolFrançaisLietuvių日本語PolskiPortuguêsSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 05:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ansys - Wikipedia





















 






Ansys

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from ANSYS)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The topic of this article may not meet Wikipedia's general notability guideline. Please help to establish notability by citing reliable secondary sources that are independent of the topic and provide significant coverage of it beyond its mere trivial mention. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted.
Find sources: "Ansys" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article may rely excessively on sources too closely associated with the subject, potentially preventing the article from being verifiable and neutral. Please help improve it by replacing them with more appropriate citations to reliable, independent, third-party sources. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ANSYS, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: ANSS
S&P 500 component





Industry
Computer software


Founded
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States (1970)


Headquarters
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States



Key people

James E. Cashman III, Chairman
Ajei S. Gopal, CEO


Products
ANSYS Multiphysics, CFD, Fluent, Workbench, HFSS, SIWave, SpaceClaim


Revenue
US$896M (FY 2014)[1]



Operating income

US$336M (FY 2014)[2]



Net income

US$258M (FY 2014)[3]


Total assets
US$2.80B (FY 2014)[4]


Total equity
US$2.22B (FY 2014)[4]



Number of employees

+2,900 (2014)


Website
www.ansys.com


ANSYS, Inc. is an American Computer-aided engineering software developer headquartered south of Pittsburgh in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Ansys publishes engineering analysis software across a range of disciplines including finite element analysis, structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, explicit and implicit methods, and heat transfer.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Products
4 Structural Analysis

4.1 ANSYS Autodyn
4.2 ANSYS Mechanical


5 Fluid Dynamics

5.1 ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE


6 Electronics

6.1 ANSYS HFSS
6.2 ANSYS Maxwell
6.3 ANSYS SIwave


7 Suites
8 Availability
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




ANSYS, Inc. headquarters building in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania.


The company was founded in 1970. by John A. Swanson as Swanson Analysis Systems, Inc (SASI). Its primary purpose was to develop and market finite element analysis software for structural physics that could simulate static (stationary), dynamic (moving) and thermal (heat transfer) problems. SASI developed its business in parallel with the growth in computer technology and engineering needs. The company grew by 10 percent to 20 percent each year, and in 1994 it was sold to TA Associates. The new owners took SASI's leading software, called ANSYS, as their flagship product and designated ANSYS, Inc. as the new company name.[citation needed]
Ansys was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. In 2011, Investor's Business Daily gave the firm a top score on its SmartSelect composite ratings.[5] The organization claims to reinvest 15 percent of its revenues each year into research to continually refine the software.[6]
Acquisitions[edit]
Ansys has acquired a number of companies since 2000, including ICEM CFD Engineering, Space-claim, CADOE S.A., of Lyon, France, a company specializing in parametric analysis, and with numerous French clients, including Michelin, Renault, Airbus, Areva and EDF,[7] and CFX (2003); Century Dynamics, Harvard Thermal, and Fluent Inc. (2006); Ansoft Corporation (2008); Apache Design Solutions (2011); Esterel Technologies (2012);[8] EVEN and Reaction Design (2013); Spaceclaim Corporation (2014) [9] and Newmerical Technologies International (2015).
Products[edit]

ANSYS




Stable release

18.0 / January 2017; 6 months ago (2017-01)






Operating system
Microsoft Windows, Linux, Unix (discontinued as of version 15.0)


Type
Simulation software, including computational fluid dynamics software


License
Commercial software


Website
www.ansys.com


Structural Analysis[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn is computer simulation tool for simulating the response of materials to short duration severe loadings from impact, high pressure or explosions.[10]
ANSYS Mechanical[edit]
ANSYS Mechanical is a finite element analysis tool for structural analysis, including linear, nonlinear and dynamic studies. This computer simulation product provides finite elements to model behavior, and supports material models and equation solvers for a wide range of mechanical design problems. ANSYS Mechanical also includes thermal analysis and coupled-physics capabilities involving acoustics, piezoelectric, thermal–structural and thermo-electric analysis.[11]
Fluid Dynamics[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE and related software are Computational Fluid Dynamics software tools used by engineers for design and analysis.[12] These tools can simulate fluid flows in a virtual environment — for example, the fluid dynamics of ship hulls; gas turbine engines (including the compressors, combustion chamber, turbines and afterburners); aircraft aerodynamics; pumps, fans, HVAC systems, mixing vessels, hydrocyclones, vacuum cleaners, etc.
Electronics[edit]
ANSYS HFSS[edit]
ANSYS HFSS is a Finite Element Analysis tool for simulating full-wave electromagnetic fields. HFSS incorporates finite element, integral equation, and hybrid methods to solve a wide range of microwave, RF and high-speed digital applications.[13]
ANSYS Maxwell[edit]
ANSYS Maxwell is a Finite Element Analysis tool for electromagnetic field simulation, primarily for engineers tasked with designing and analyzing electromagnetic and electromechanical devices, including motors, actuators, transformers, sensors and coils. ANSYS Maxwell incorporates finite element method solvers to solve static, frequency-domain, and time-varying electromagnetic and electric fields.[14]
ANSYS SIwave[edit]
ANSYS SIwave is a specialized design platform for power integrity, signal integrity and Electromagnetic interference (EMI) analysis of electronic packages and PCBs.[15]
Suites[edit]
ANSYS Multiphysics and ANSYS Workbench provide multiple ANSYS tools in a single package.
Availability[edit]
A free student version is available for download, and supports up to 32,000 nodes/elements.[16]
See also[edit]

Software industry in Telangana
List of finite element software packages

References[edit]


^ http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Ansys_(ANSS)/Data/Total_Revenues
^ "Operating Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "Net Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ a b ANSYS (ANSS) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ "Six Techs In IBD 50 Stocks List Have Top CR 99 Rating | Stock News & Stock Market Analysis - IBD". News.investors.com. 2016-09-23. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "SEC Filings – Ansys". Investors.ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS, Inc. to Acquire CADOE Software". 14 November 2003. Retrieved 1 November 2014. 
^ "Esterel + ANSYS will change an industry". Corum Group. 2012-05-30. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Acquires SpaceClaim Corporation, A Leading Provider Of 3-D Modeling Software". Otp.investis.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Autodyn - Equations of Motion". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Mechanical Enterprise - Structural Analysis Software for FEA". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS CFD - Simulation Software Bundle". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS HFSS - High Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Maxwell - Low Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS SIwave - Signal Integrity Analysis". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Student Products - Free Simulation Software for Students". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ansys.



Official website

product page









v
t
e


CAE software



Open-source



Advanced Simulation Library
Calculix
Code Saturne
Elmer
FeatFlow
FEniCS
FreeFem++
Gerris
MOOSE
Open Cascade Technology
OpenFOAM
QBlade
Salome
SU2





Proprietary



Actran
Ansys
Abaqus
ADINA
Autodesk Simulation
Altair
AVL
CATIA
PTC Creo
COMSOL Multiphysics
CST Studio Suite
DIANA
FEATool Multiphysics
Femap
Fluent
FORAN
JCMsuite
KIVA
MSC ADAMS
Nastran
Sesam
Siemens NX
SolidWorks
StressCheck
RFEM
Working Model





Cloud-based



SimScale










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ansys&oldid=790507206"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQSoftware companies based in PennsylvaniaCompanies established in 1970Computational fluid dynamicsFinite element software for LinuxHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with topics of unclear notability from May 2017All articles with topics of unclear notabilityArticles lacking reliable references from May 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Commons category with page title different than on WikidataOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةCatalàDeutschEspañolFrançaisLietuvių日本語PolskiPortuguêsSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 05:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Ansys - Wikipedia





















 






Ansys

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from ANSYS)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







The topic of this article may not meet Wikipedia's general notability guideline. Please help to establish notability by citing reliable secondary sources that are independent of the topic and provide significant coverage of it beyond its mere trivial mention. If notability cannot be established, the article is likely to be merged, redirected, or deleted.
Find sources: "Ansys" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article may rely excessively on sources too closely associated with the subject, potentially preventing the article from being verifiable and neutral. Please help improve it by replacing them with more appropriate citations to reliable, independent, third-party sources. (May 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ANSYS, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as



NASDAQ: ANSS
S&P 500 component





Industry
Computer software


Founded
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States (1970)


Headquarters
Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, United States



Key people

James E. Cashman III, Chairman
Ajei S. Gopal, CEO


Products
ANSYS Multiphysics, CFD, Fluent, Workbench, HFSS, SIWave, SpaceClaim


Revenue
US$896M (FY 2014)[1]



Operating income

US$336M (FY 2014)[2]



Net income

US$258M (FY 2014)[3]


Total assets
US$2.80B (FY 2014)[4]


Total equity
US$2.22B (FY 2014)[4]



Number of employees

+2,900 (2014)


Website
www.ansys.com


ANSYS, Inc. is an American Computer-aided engineering software developer headquartered south of Pittsburgh in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania, United States. Ansys publishes engineering analysis software across a range of disciplines including finite element analysis, structural analysis, computational fluid dynamics, explicit and implicit methods, and heat transfer.



Contents


1 History
2 Acquisitions
3 Products
4 Structural Analysis

4.1 ANSYS Autodyn
4.2 ANSYS Mechanical


5 Fluid Dynamics

5.1 ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE


6 Electronics

6.1 ANSYS HFSS
6.2 ANSYS Maxwell
6.3 ANSYS SIwave


7 Suites
8 Availability
9 See also
10 References
11 External links



History[edit]




ANSYS, Inc. headquarters building in Cecil Township, Pennsylvania.


The company was founded in 1970. by John A. Swanson as Swanson Analysis Systems, Inc (SASI). Its primary purpose was to develop and market finite element analysis software for structural physics that could simulate static (stationary), dynamic (moving) and thermal (heat transfer) problems. SASI developed its business in parallel with the growth in computer technology and engineering needs. The company grew by 10 percent to 20 percent each year, and in 1994 it was sold to TA Associates. The new owners took SASI's leading software, called ANSYS, as their flagship product and designated ANSYS, Inc. as the new company name.[citation needed]
Ansys was listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange in 1996. In 2011, Investor's Business Daily gave the firm a top score on its SmartSelect composite ratings.[5] The organization claims to reinvest 15 percent of its revenues each year into research to continually refine the software.[6]
Acquisitions[edit]
Ansys has acquired a number of companies since 2000, including ICEM CFD Engineering, Space-claim, CADOE S.A., of Lyon, France, a company specializing in parametric analysis, and with numerous French clients, including Michelin, Renault, Airbus, Areva and EDF,[7] and CFX (2003); Century Dynamics, Harvard Thermal, and Fluent Inc. (2006); Ansoft Corporation (2008); Apache Design Solutions (2011); Esterel Technologies (2012);[8] EVEN and Reaction Design (2013); Spaceclaim Corporation (2014) [9] and Newmerical Technologies International (2015).
Products[edit]

ANSYS




Stable release

18.0 / January 2017; 6 months ago (2017-01)






Operating system
Microsoft Windows, Linux, Unix (discontinued as of version 15.0)


Type
Simulation software, including computational fluid dynamics software


License
Commercial software


Website
www.ansys.com


Structural Analysis[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn[edit]
ANSYS Autodyn is computer simulation tool for simulating the response of materials to short duration severe loadings from impact, high pressure or explosions.[10]
ANSYS Mechanical[edit]
ANSYS Mechanical is a finite element analysis tool for structural analysis, including linear, nonlinear and dynamic studies. This computer simulation product provides finite elements to model behavior, and supports material models and equation solvers for a wide range of mechanical design problems. ANSYS Mechanical also includes thermal analysis and coupled-physics capabilities involving acoustics, piezoelectric, thermal–structural and thermo-electric analysis.[11]
Fluid Dynamics[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE[edit]
ANSYS Fluent, CFD, CFX, FENSAP-ICE and related software are Computational Fluid Dynamics software tools used by engineers for design and analysis.[12] These tools can simulate fluid flows in a virtual environment — for example, the fluid dynamics of ship hulls; gas turbine engines (including the compressors, combustion chamber, turbines and afterburners); aircraft aerodynamics; pumps, fans, HVAC systems, mixing vessels, hydrocyclones, vacuum cleaners, etc.
Electronics[edit]
ANSYS HFSS[edit]
ANSYS HFSS is a Finite Element Analysis tool for simulating full-wave electromagnetic fields. HFSS incorporates finite element, integral equation, and hybrid methods to solve a wide range of microwave, RF and high-speed digital applications.[13]
ANSYS Maxwell[edit]
ANSYS Maxwell is a Finite Element Analysis tool for electromagnetic field simulation, primarily for engineers tasked with designing and analyzing electromagnetic and electromechanical devices, including motors, actuators, transformers, sensors and coils. ANSYS Maxwell incorporates finite element method solvers to solve static, frequency-domain, and time-varying electromagnetic and electric fields.[14]
ANSYS SIwave[edit]
ANSYS SIwave is a specialized design platform for power integrity, signal integrity and Electromagnetic interference (EMI) analysis of electronic packages and PCBs.[15]
Suites[edit]
ANSYS Multiphysics and ANSYS Workbench provide multiple ANSYS tools in a single package.
Availability[edit]
A free student version is available for download, and supports up to 32,000 nodes/elements.[16]
See also[edit]

Software industry in Telangana
List of finite element software packages

References[edit]


^ http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/Ansys_(ANSS)/Data/Total_Revenues
^ "Operating Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "Net Income for ANSYS (ANSS)". Wikinvest. 2016-03-31. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ a b ANSYS (ANSS) annual SEC balance sheet filing via Wikinvest.
^ "Six Techs In IBD 50 Stocks List Have Top CR 99 Rating | Stock News & Stock Market Analysis - IBD". News.investors.com. 2016-09-23. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "SEC Filings – Ansys". Investors.ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS, Inc. to Acquire CADOE Software". 14 November 2003. Retrieved 1 November 2014. 
^ "Esterel + ANSYS will change an industry". Corum Group. 2012-05-30. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Acquires SpaceClaim Corporation, A Leading Provider Of 3-D Modeling Software". Otp.investis.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Autodyn - Equations of Motion". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Mechanical Enterprise - Structural Analysis Software for FEA". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS CFD - Simulation Software Bundle". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS HFSS - High Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Maxwell - Low Frequency Electromagnetic Field Simulation". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS SIwave - Signal Integrity Analysis". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 
^ "ANSYS Student Products - Free Simulation Software for Students". Ansys.com. Retrieved 2016-09-27. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Ansys.



Official website

product page









v
t
e


CAE software



Open-source



Advanced Simulation Library
Calculix
Code Saturne
Elmer
FeatFlow
FEniCS
FreeFem++
Gerris
MOOSE
Open Cascade Technology
OpenFOAM
QBlade
Salome
SU2





Proprietary



Actran
Ansys
Abaqus
ADINA
Autodesk Simulation
Altair
AVL
CATIA
PTC Creo
COMSOL Multiphysics
CST Studio Suite
DIANA
FEATool Multiphysics
Femap
Fluent
FORAN
JCMsuite
KIVA
MSC ADAMS
Nastran
Sesam
Siemens NX
SolidWorks
StressCheck
RFEM
Working Model





Cloud-based



SimScale










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ansys&oldid=790507206"					
Categories: Companies listed on NASDAQSoftware companies based in PennsylvaniaCompanies established in 1970Computational fluid dynamicsFinite element software for LinuxHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from May 2017All articles with a promotional toneArticles with topics of unclear notability from May 2017All articles with topics of unclear notabilityArticles lacking reliable references from May 2017All articles lacking reliable referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2017Commons category with page title different than on WikidataOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةCatalàDeutschEspañolFrançaisLietuvių日本語PolskiPortuguêsSvenskaTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 05:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






