


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Check Into Cash














×Close
Rates & Terms	







Select your State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





    Max Loan Amount Online:Not Available


 

Online Fee Schedule










Unfortunately, we do not offer loans in this state.

We do not currently offer Online Payday Loans in this state.












Apply Now!
Close









×Close
Online Payday Loans FAQ's	






							Online Payday Loans FAQ's				






QDoes Check Into Cash offer payday loans online?

AAbsolutely. Check Into Cash offers fast cash advance payday loans through our simple online application. Our application is safe, secure and encrypted. We currently offer Payday Advances or Online Payday Loans in Alabama, California, Delaware, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.



QDoes it cost anything to apply?
ANo!  There is no application fee.



QDoes Check Into Cash work with other payday lenders?
AYes. Getting a cash advance fast in an emergency money situation is important.  If we cannot complete your loan request, we will give you the option to work with a network of lenders to get you a fast money loan as soon as possible.



QWhat is an online cash advance or payday loan?

AIt’s a short term, small dollar loan that gives you some extra cash before payday. The amount is usually between $100 – $1,000, depending on income level and state law limitation.



QHow can I find out if I qualify for an online cash advance payday loan?
AIt’s easy! To be approved for a payday advance, you only need:

Have an active checking account open for at least 90 days
Be at least 21 years of age (19 years of age in Alabama)
Be a citizen or permanent resident of the United States
Have a current home/cell and work phone number
Have a valid email address

*Oklahoma and Indiana residents must provide proof of a Social Security Number.



QHow much can I get?
AYou may qualify for a fast payday loan from $100 to $1,000. Maximum loan amounts vary by state and are determined during the credit decision process. 



QHow do I get the money?
AOnce your cash advance is approved, the money is electronically deposited directly into your active checking account.



QWhat if I don’t have a checking account?
ACurrently, Check Into Cash requires an active checking account in order to provide you with a payday loan.



QIs it safe to enter my account number or social security number on your website?
AYes. All of our application information is submitted on secure, encrypted pages.



QCan I still get a loan if I have bad credit?
AYes. If you’ve had bad credit in the past, you may still be able to get the money you need from Check Into Cash, so don’t hesitate to apply.



QDo you check my credit score?
ACheck Into Cash does not check the three major credit bureaus.



QHow long does it take to get an online payday loan?
AIt takes just minutes to fill out our online payday loan application! A conditional approval is given immediately on the website at the time of submission. Once the application is received, a customer service representative will then call you to verify your application information. If all information is verified, your funds will usually be available on the next business day.



QDo I need a fax machine or printer?
AIn the event we need additional information (such as a bank statement, pay stub or other form of payment), you may need access to a printer to print the supporting documents as well as a fax machine to send the documents back in some cases. Documents may also be emailed to customersupport@loanbyphone.com.  



QWhat if I don’t have any family to list as a reference?
AList another friend instead.



QHow much does it cost?
AThe fees will vary depending on the amount of your payday loan and your state of residency. See your states fee schedule on our Rates & Terms page for more details. 



QHow and when do I repay the loan transaction?
AThe loan amount and fee are withdrawn from your checking account automatically on the due date.



QWhat states are you licensed for online payday loan business?
AAlabama, California, Delaware, Florida, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. 



QDo you have to call my employer?
AYes, sometimes we do need to contact your employer to verify employment. We will not ask any personal questions – we will simply ask if you are employed there.



QHow long does it take to get a loan approved?
AIn most cases, you will know within 30 seconds if your loan request is pre-approved by Check Into Cash. 



QWhen will I get the money?
AIn most cases within 1-2 business days.



QWhat hours is the service available?
AWe accept requests for payday loans 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Our transactions are processed between 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM (EST) Monday – Friday. We can only electronically fund loans to your checking account on valid banking days (Monday–Friday). 



QWhat is a bank routing number?
AThe bank routing number is the nine (9) digit number on the bottom of your personal checks and is used to identify your banking institution. The routing number begins with 0, 1, 2 or 3.  If this number is not entered correctly during the online application process, it will delay the approval and funding process of your loan request.



QHow do I find my bank account number?
AYour bank account number is located at the bottom of your personal checks. Sometimes your check number is also found on the bottom of your check. Don’t include your check number with your bank account number. If this number is not entered correctly during the online application process, it will delay the approval and funding process of your loan request.



QHow will I know if I’m approved?
AYou will receive a pre-approval notice on the website. A customer service representative will call you shortly thereafter.



QCan I pick up the money at one of your stores?
AYou can choose to complete your loan online or at one of our convenient store locations, but be sure to select the appropriate channel prior to submitting your application. 



QIs my cash advance or payday loan transaction confidential?
AYes, but certain restrictions may apply. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information.



QCan I pay my loan early?
AYes, for an online payday loan, please contact a customer service representative at 877-577-7977 to arrange an early payoff.






Apply Now!
Close





               









Get Cash Fast

 Emergency Cash - Apply in minutes
 Application is fast and easy!
 Cash deposited to your bank account


 Apply Now

 Returning Customer? Log in here












 
Start Here!


* By submitting your information you agree to the terms
 of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Web Site Use. 








Email address



Last Name



Email address



Zip Code



Cell Phone



Apply Now
Returning customer? Log into your existing account here.






How it works

1. Apply Online

The process is quick, easy and confidential.


2. Electronically Sign



If you're pre-approved, e-sign your application to confirm your funds


3. Get Your Cash



Cash deposited to your bank account as quickly as the next business day.

Click here to start a new loan application




 What is a payday advance?
Payday advances are a safe and convenient way to allow you to stretch your buying power and help cover unplanned expenses. Whether you’re facing seasonal expenses like holiday bills and back to school costs or you need help with unexpected bills, or repairs, Check Into Cash can help.


 You have questions?
We have answers.
Check out our Rates & Terms and FAQs pages to learn more.
Rates & Terms
FAQs



The Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for payday loans varies in each state and depends on the advance amount, fees, and terms of the transaction. The APR for a $100 single-payment payday loan may range from 260.71% to 782.14% on 14 day terms. As a member of CFSA, Check Into Cash abides by the spirit of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) as applicable to collect past due accounts. Delinquent accounts may be turned over to a third party collection agency which may adversely affect your credit score. Non-sufficient funds and late fees may apply. Automatic renewals are not available. Renewing a loan will result in additional finance charges and fees.
For online Customer Support please contact us at 1-877-262-2274.

Customer Notice: A single payday loan or cash advance is typically for two to four weeks. However, borrowers often use these loans over a period of months, which can be expensive. Payday loans and cash advances are not recommended as long-term financial solutions. To view a list of the states we service online, please visit our Rates and Terms page. For our privacy policy, please visit our privacy policy page. Notice to CA customers: Check Into Cash is licensed by the Department of Business Oversight pursuant to the California Deferred Deposit Transaction Law. Notice to OH customers: In Ohio, Check Into Cash operates as a registered credit services organization (CSO). The actual lender is an unaffiliated third party. CS.900185.000. In Ohio, Loan By Phone operates as a registered Credit Services Organization (CSO). The actual lender is an unaffiliated third party. CS 900138.000.Ohio in-store license. Notice to UT customers: For questions or complaints please call the Utah Department of Financial Institutions at 801-538-8830 (UT customers only). Notice to LA customers: If you cannot make payment when due, you can ask to enter into an extended payment plan once in a twelve-month period, but the request must be made before payment is due. Should your lender (Check Into Cash) refuse to enter into an extended payment plan upon your request before the due date, contact the Office of Financial Institutions at 1-888-525-9414 (LA customers only). TX customers: In Texas, Check Into Cash operates as a Licensed Credit Access Business (CAB). The actual Lender is an unaffiliated third party. Notice: An advance of money obtained through a Small Loan or Auto Loan is not intended to meet long-term financial needs. A Small Loan or Auto Title Loan should only be used to meet immediate short-term cash needs. Refinancing the loan rather than paying the debt in full when due will require the payment of additional charges. VA customers: CREDITCORP OF VIRGINIA IS LICENSED BY THE STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION. VA LICENSE # VTL-10.




















    


















Johnny Cash - Wikipedia






















 






Johnny Cash

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the singer. For other uses, see Johnny Cash (disambiguation).


Johnny Cash



Cash in 1969



Born
J. R. Cash
(1932-02-26)February 26, 1932
Kingsland, Arkansas, U.S.A.


Died
September 12, 2003(2003-09-12) (aged 71)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A.


Cause of death
Diabetes mellitus


Resting place
Hendersonville Memory Gardens


Occupation



Singer-songwriter
guitarist
actor
author





Years active
1954–2003


Spouse(s)



Vivian Liberto
(m. 1954; div. 1966)
June Carter
(m. 1968; her death 2003)





Children
5, including Rosanne and John Carter


Website
johnnycash.com


Military career


Allegiance
United States


Service/branch
United States Air Force


Years of service
1950–1954


Rank
 Staff sergeant


Unit
12th Radio Squadron Mobile





Musical career


Genres



Country
rock and roll
folk
gospel





Instruments



Vocals
acoustic guitar





Labels



Sun
Columbia
Mercury
American
House of Cash
Legacy





Associated acts



The Tennessee Three
The Highwaymen
June Carter Cash
The Statler Brothers
The Carter Family
Waylon Jennings
Bob Dylan
Willie Nelson
Kris Kristofferson





Notable instruments





Martin Acoustic Guitars[1]
1943 Martin D28
Martin D35








John R. Cash (born J. R. Cash; February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author.[2] He is widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century and is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 90 million records worldwide.[3][4] Although primarily remembered as a country music icon, his genre-spanning songs and sound embraced rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of multiple inductions in the Country Music, Rock and Roll, and Gospel Music Halls of Fame.
Cash was known for his deep, calm bass-baritone voice,[a][6] the distinctive sound of his Tennessee Three backing band, which is characterized by train-sound guitar rhythms; a rebelliousness[7][8] coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor,[5] free prison concerts,[9][10] and a trademark, all-black stage wardrobe, which earned him the nickname "The Man in Black."[b] He traditionally began his concerts by simply introducing himself, "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash,"[c] followed by his signature "Folsom Prison Blues".
Much of Cash's music contained themes of sorrow, moral tribulation, and redemption, especially in the latter stages of his career.[5][13] His signature songs include "I Walk the Line", "Folsom Prison Blues", "Ring of Fire", "Get Rhythm", and "Man in Black". He also recorded humorous numbers like "One Piece at a Time" and "A Boy Named Sue"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called "Jackson" (followed by many further duets after their marriage); and railroad songs including "Hey, Porter", "Orange Blossom Special" and "Rock Island Line".[14] During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Military service
3 Marriages and family
4 Career

4.1 Early career
4.2 Outlaw image
4.3 Folsom and other prison concerts
4.4 Activism for Native Americans
4.5 "The Man in Black"
4.6 Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records
4.7 American Recordings


5 Last years
6 Death
7 Religious beliefs
8 Legacy

8.1 Portrayals


9 Awards and honors
10 Discography
11 Filmography
12 Published works
13 Notes
14 References

14.1 Bibliography


15 Further reading
16 External links



Early life[edit]
J. R. Cash was born on February 26, 1932 in Kingsland, Arkansas,[15][16] born to Ray Cash (May 13, 1897 in Kingsland, Arkansas – December 23, 1985 in Hendersonville, Tennessee) and Carrie Cloveree (née Rivers; March 13, 1904 in Rison, Arkansas – March 11, 1991 in Hendersonville, Tennessee). He was one of seven children, who were in birth order: Roy, Margaret Louise, Jack, J. R., Reba, Joanne, and Tommy (who also became a successful country artist).[17][18]He was primarily of English and Scottish descent,[19][20][21] and as an adult traced his surname to 11th-century Fife after meeting with the then-laird of Falkland, Major Michael Crichton-Stuart.[22][23][24] Cash Loch and other locations in Fife bear the name of his family.[22]
At birth, Cash was named J. R. Cash.[25] When Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force, he was not permitted to use initials as a first name,[citation needed] so he changed his name to John R. Cash. In 1955, when signing with Sun Records, he took Johnny Cash as his stage name.[8]
In March 1935, when Cash was three years old, the family settled in Dyess, Arkansas, a New Deal Colony intended to give poor families a chance to start over with land that they could work toward owning. J.R. started working in cotton fields at the age of five, singing along with his family while working. The family farm was flooded on at least two occasions, which later inspired him to write the song "Five Feet High and Rising".[26][page needed] His family's economic and personal struggles during the Great Depression inspired many of his songs, especially those about other people facing similar difficulties.
Cash was very close to his older brother, Jack.[27] In May 1944, Jack was pulled into a whirling head saw in the mill where he worked and was almost cut in two. He suffered for over a week before he died on May 20, 1944, at the age of 15.[26][page needed] Cash often spoke of the horrible guilt he felt over this incident. According to Cash: The Autobiography, his father was away that morning, but he and his mother, and Jack himself, all had premonitions or a sense of foreboding about that day, causing his mother to urge Jack to skip work and go fishing with his brother. Jack insisted on working, as the family needed the money. On his deathbed, Jack said he had visions of Heaven and angels. Decades later, Cash spoke of looking forward to meeting his brother in Heaven.[8]
Cash's early memories were dominated by gospel music and radio. Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend, Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve. When Cash was young, he had a high tenor voice, before becoming a bass-baritone.[28] In high school, he sang on a local radio station; decades later he released an album of traditional gospel songs, called My Mother's Hymn Book. He was also significantly influenced by traditional Irish music that he heard performed weekly by Dennis Day on the Jack Benny radio program.[29][page needed]
Military service[edit]
Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force on July 7, 1950.[30] After basic training at Lackland Air Force Base and technical training at Brooks Air Force Base, both in San Antonio, Texas, Cash was assigned to the 12th Radio Squadron Mobile of the U.S. Air Force Security Service at Landsberg, Germany as a Morse Code operator intercepting Soviet Army transmissions.[31] It was there he created his first band, named "The Landsberg Barbarians".[32] He was honorably discharged as a staff sergeant on July 3, 1954, and returned to Texas.[33] During his military service, he acquired a distinctive scar on the right side of his jaw as a result of surgery to remove a cyst.[34][35]
Marriages and family[edit]
On July 18, 1951, while in Air Force training, Cash met 17-year-old Vivian Liberto at a roller skating rink in her native San Antonio. They dated for three weeks until Cash was deployed to Germany for a three-year tour. During that time, the couple exchanged hundreds of pages of love letters.[36] On August 7, 1954, one month after his discharge, they were married at St. Ann's Roman Catholic Church in San Antonio. The ceremony was performed by her uncle, Father Vincent Liberto. They had four daughters: Rosanne, Kathy, Cindy, and Tara. Liberto stated that Cash's drug and alcohol abuse, as well as constant touring, affairs with other women, and his close relationship with June Carter led her to file for divorce in 1966.
Cash met June Carter, of the famed Carter Family while on tour and became infatuated, as did she. In 1968, 13 years after they first met backstage at the Grand Ole Opry, Cash proposed to June, during a live performance in London, Ontario.[37] The couple married on March 1, 1968, in Franklin, Kentucky. They had one child together, John Carter Cash, born March 3, 1970. Cash and Carter continued to work, raise their children, create music, and tour together for 35 years until June's death in May 2003. Throughout their marriage June attempted to keep Cash off of amphetamines, often taking his drugs and flushing them down the toilet. June remained with Johnny throughout multiple rehab visits and years of drug abuse. After June's passing, Cash believed that his only reason for living was his music.[38] Cash died four months later.[8]
Career[edit]
Early career[edit]




Publicity photo for Sun Records


In 1954, Cash and Vivian moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he sold appliances while studying to be a radio announcer. At night he played with guitarist Luther Perkins and bassist Marshall Grant. Perkins and Grant were known as the Tennessee Two. Cash worked up the courage to visit the Sun Records studio, hoping to get a recording contract. After auditioning for Sam Phillips, singing mostly gospel songs, Phillips told him that he didn't record gospel music any longer. It was once rumored that Phillips told Cash to "go home and sin, then come back with a song I can sell", although in a 2002 interview Cash denied that Phillips made any such comment.[39] Cash eventually won over the producer with new songs delivered in his early rockabilly style. In 1955, Cash made his first recordings at Sun, "Hey Porter" and "Cry! Cry! Cry!", which were released in late June and met with success on the country hit parade.
On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley dropped in on Phillips while Carl Perkins was in the studio cutting new tracks, with Jerry Lee Lewis backing him on piano. Cash was also in the studio and the four started an impromptu jam session. Phillips left the tapes running and the recordings, almost half of which were gospel songs, survived and have since been released under the title Million Dollar Quartet. In Cash: the Autobiography, Cash wrote that he was the one farthest from the microphone and was singing in a higher pitch to blend in with Elvis.
Cash's next record, "Folsom Prison Blues", made the country Top 5, and "I Walk the Line" became No. 1 on the country charts and entered the pop charts Top 20. "Home of the Blues" followed, recorded in July 1957. That same year Cash became the first Sun artist to release a long-playing album. Although he was Sun's most consistently selling and prolific artist at that time, Cash felt constrained by his contract with the small label partly due to the fact that Phillips wasn't keen on Johnny recording gospel, and he was getting only a 3% royalty as opposed to the standard rate of 5%. Presley had already left Sun, and Phillips was focusing most of his attention and promotion on Lewis. The following year, Cash left the label to sign a lucrative offer with Columbia Records, where his single "Don't Take Your Guns to Town" became one of his biggest hits and his second album for Columbia was a collection of gospel songs. However, Cash left behind a sufficient backlog of recordings with Sun that Phillips continued to release new singles and even albums featuring previously unreleased material until as late as 1964, placing Cash in the unusual position of having new releases out on two labels concurrently, with one 1960 release, a cover of "Oh Lonesome Me" making as high as No. 13 on the C&W charts. (As opposed to when RCA Victor signed Presley and also bought his Sun Records masters, when Cash departed for Columbia, Phillips retained the rights to Cash's Sun masters; Columbia eventually licensed some of these recordings for release on compilations after Cash's death.)




The Tennessee Three with Cash in 1963.


Early in his career, he was given the teasing nickname The Undertaker by fellow artists because of his habit of wearing black clothes – though he did so only because they were easier to keep looking clean on long tours.[40]
In the early 1960s, Cash toured with the Carter Family, which by this time regularly included Mother Maybelle's daughters, Anita, June, and Helen. June later recalled admiring him from afar during these tours. In the 1960s, he appeared on Pete Seeger's short-lived television series Rainbow Quest.[41] He also acted in and wrote and sang the opening theme for a 1961 film entitled Five Minutes to Live, later re-released as Door-to-door Maniac.
Cash's career was handled by Saul Holiff, a London, Ontario, promoter, and this relationship was the subject of Saul's son's biopic My Father and the Man in Black.[42]
Outlaw image[edit]
As his career was taking off in the late 1950s, Cash started drinking heavily and became addicted to amphetamines and barbiturates. For a brief time, he shared an apartment in Nashville with Waylon Jennings, who was heavily addicted to amphetamines. Cash used the uppers to stay awake during tours. Friends joked about his "nervousness" and erratic behavior, many ignoring the warning signs of his worsening drug addiction.
Although he was in many ways spiraling out of control, Cash's frenetic creativity was still delivering hits. His rendition of "Ring of Fire" was a crossover hit, reaching No. 1 on the country charts and entering the Top 20 on the pop charts. It was originally performed by June's sister, but the signature mariachi-style horn arrangement was provided by Cash,[43] who said that it had come to him in a dream. Vivian Liberto claimed a different version of the origins of "Ring of Fire." In her book, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, Liberto states that Cash gave Carter the credit for monetary reasons.[44]
In June 1965, his camper caught fire during a fishing trip with his nephew Damon Fielder in Los Padres National Forest in California, triggering a forest fire that burnt several hundred acres and nearly killed Cash.[45][46] Cash claimed that the fire was caused by sparks from a defective exhaust system on his camper, but Fielder thinks that Cash started a fire to stay warm and in his drugged condition failed to notice the fire getting out of control.[47][page needed] When the judge asked Cash why he did it, Cash said, "I didn't do it, my truck did, and it's dead, so you can't question it."[26][page needed] The fire destroyed 508 acres (206 ha), burning the foliage off three mountains and driving off forty-nine of the refuge's 53 endangered condors.[48] Cash was unrepentant and claimed, "I don't care about your damn yellow buzzards." The federal government sued him and was awarded $125,172. Cash eventually settled the case and paid $82,001.[49] He said he was the only person ever sued by the government for starting a forest fire.[26][page needed]
Although Cash carefully cultivated a romantic outlaw image, he never served a prison sentence. Despite landing in jail seven times for misdemeanors, each stay lasted only a single night. His most infamous run-in with the law occurred while on tour in 1965, when he was arrested October 4 by a narcotics squad in El Paso, Texas. The officers suspected he was smuggling heroin from Mexico, but found instead 688 Dexedrine capsules (amphetamines) and 475 Equanil (sedatives or tranquilizers) tablets that the singer had hidden inside his guitar case. Because the pills were prescription drugs rather than illegal narcotics, he received a suspended sentence.




Johnny Cash and his second wife, June Carter


Cash had also been arrested on May 11, 1965, in Starkville, Mississippi, for trespassing late at night onto private property to pick flowers. (This incident gave the spark for the song "Starkville City Jail", which he discussed on his live At San Quentin album.)[50] In the mid-1960s, Cash released a number of concept albums, including Sings the Ballads of the True West (1965), an experimental double record mixing authentic frontier songs with Cash's spoken narration, and Bitter Tears (1964), with songs highlighting the plight of the Native Americans. His drug addiction was at its worst at this point, and his destructive behavior led to a divorce from his first wife and canceled performances. Nonetheless, he continued to find success and in 1967, Cash's duet with June Carter, "Jackson," won a Grammy Award.[51]
Cash's final arrest was in 1967 in Walker County, Georgia, after being involved in a car accident while carrying a bag of prescription pills. Cash attempted to bribe a local deputy, who turned the money down; Cash then spent the night in a LaFayette, Georgia, jail. The singer was released after a long talk with Sheriff Ralph Jones, who warned him of his dangerous behavior and wasted potential. Cash credited that experience for saving his life, and he later came back to LaFayette to play a benefit concert that attracted 12,000 people (the city population was less than 9,000 at the time) and raised $75,000 for the high school.[52] Reflecting on his past in a 1997 interview, Cash noted: "I was taking the pills for awhile, and then the pills started taking me."[53]
Cash curtailed his use of drugs for several years in 1968, after a spiritual epiphany in the Nickajack Cave, when he attempted to commit suicide while under the heavy influence of drugs. He descended deeper into the cave, trying to lose himself and "just die," when he passed out on the floor. He reported being exhausted and feeling at the end of his rope when he felt God's presence in his heart and managed to struggle out of the cave (despite the exhaustion) by following a faint light and slight breeze. To him, it was his own rebirth. June, Maybelle, and Ezra Carter moved into Cash's mansion for a month to help him conquer his addiction. Cash proposed onstage to June at a concert at the London Gardens in London, Ontario, Canada, on February 22, 1968; the couple married a week later (on March 1) in Franklin, Kentucky. She had agreed to marry Cash after he had "cleaned up."[54]
He rediscovered his Christian faith, taking an "altar call" in Evangel Temple, a small church in the Nashville area, pastored by Reverend Jimmie Rodgers Snow, son of country music legend Hank Snow. According to longtime friend Marshall Grant, Cash's 1968 rebirth experience did not result in his completely stopping use of amphetamines. However, beginning in 1970, Cash ended all drug use for a period of seven years. Grant claims that the birth of Cash's son, John Carter Cash inspired Cash to end his dependence. Cash began using amphetamines again in 1977. By 1983, he was once again addicted and entered the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, California for rehabilitation. Cash managed to stay off drugs for several years, but by 1989, he was dependent again and entered Nashville's Cumberland Heights Alcohol and Drug Treatment Center. In 1992, he entered the Loma Linda Behavioral Medicine Center in Loma Linda, California, for his final rehabilitation (several months later, his son followed him into this facility for treatment).[55][56][57]
Folsom and other prison concerts[edit]
Cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s. He played his first famous prison concert on January 1, 1958, at San Quentin State Prison.[58] These performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums, Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison (1968) and Johnny Cash at San Quentin (1969). Both live albums reached number 1 on Billboard country album music and the latter crossed over to reach the top of the Billboard pop album chart. In 1969 Cash became an international hit when he eclipsed even the Beatles by selling 6.5 million albums.[59] In comparison, the prison concerts were much more successful than his later live albums such as Strawberry Cake recorded in London and Live at Madison Square Garden, which peaked at #33 and #39 on the album charts respectively.
The Folsom Prison record was introduced by a rendition of his "Folsom Prison Blues," while the San Quentin record included the crossover hit single "A Boy Named Sue," a Shel Silverstein-penned novelty song that reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 2 on the U.S. Top Ten pop charts. The AM versions of the latter contained profanities which were edited out. The modern CD versions are unedited and thus also longer than the original vinyl albums, though they retain the audience reaction overdubs of the originals.
Cash performed at the Österåker Prison in Sweden in 1972. The live album På Österåker ("At Österåker") was released in 1973. "San Quentin" was recorded with Cash replacing "San Quentin" with "Österåker". In 1976, a further prison concert, this time at Tennessee Prison, was videotaped for TV broadcast and received a belated CD release after Cash's death as A Concert Behind Prison Walls.
Activism for Native Americans[edit]
In 1965, Cash and June Carter appeared on Pete Seeger's TV show, Rainbow Quest, on which Cash explained his start as an activist for Native Americans:

In '57, I wrote a song called 'Old Apache Squaw' and then forgot the so-called Indian protest for a while, but nobody else seemed to speak up with any volume of voice.[60]

Columbia, the label for which Cash was recording then, was opposed to putting the song on his next album, considering it "too radical for the public".[61] Cash singing songs of Indian tragedy and settler violence went radically against the mainstream of country music in the 1950s, which was dominated by the image of the righteous cowboy who simply makes the native's soil his own.[62]
In 1964, coming off the chart success that his previous album "I Walk The Line" had been, he recorded the aforementioned album Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian.
The album featured stories of a multitude of native peoples, mostly of their violent oppression by white settlers: The Pima ("The Ballad of Ira Hayes"), Navajo ("Navajo"), Apache ("Apache Tears"), Lakota ("Big Foot"), Seneca ("As Long as the Grass Shall Grow"), and Cherokee ("Talking Leaves"). Cash wrote three of the songs himself and one with the help of Johnny Horton, but the majority of the protest songs were written by folk artist Peter La Farge[63] (son of activist and Pulitzer prizewinner Oliver La Farge), whom Cash met in New York in the 1960s and whom he admired for his activism.[64] The album's single, "The Ballad of Ira Hayes," was neglected by non-political radio at the time, and the record label denied it any promotion due to its provocative protesting and thus "unappealing" nature.[65] Cash faced resistance and was even urged by an editor of a country music magazine to leave the Country Music Association: "You and your crowd are just too intelligent to associate with plain country folks, country artists, and country DJs."[66]
In reaction, on August 22, 1964, the singer posted a letter as an advertisement in Billboard Magazine, calling the record industry cowardly. "D.J.s – station managers – owners ... where are your guts?" he demands. "I had to fight back when I realized that so many stations are afraid of Ira Hayes. Just one question: WHY???" He concludes the letter, "Ira Hayes is strong medicine ... So is Rochester, Harlem, Birmingham and Vietnam." [67] Cash kept promoting the song himself and used his influence on radio disc jockeys he knew eventually to make the song climb to number three on the country charts, while the album rose to number two on the album charts.[66]




Cash in 1969


Later, on The Johnny Cash Show, he continued telling stories of Native-American plight, both in song and through short films, such as the history of the Trail of Tears.[68]
In 1966, in response to his activism, the singer was adopted by the Seneca Nation's Turtle Clan. He performed benefits in 1968 at the Rosebud Reservation, close to the historical landmark of the massacre at Wounded Knee, to raise money to help build a school. He also played at the D-Q University in the 1980s.[69]
In 1970, Cash recording a reading of John G. Burnett's 1890 80th birthday essay [70] on Cherokee removal for the Historical Landmarks Association (Nashville).[71]
"The Man in Black"[edit]




Cash advocated prison reform at his July 1972 meeting with United States President Richard Nixon


From 1969 to 1971, Cash starred in his own television show, The Johnny Cash Show, on the ABC network. The Statler Brothers opened up for him in every episode; the Carter Family and rockabilly legend Carl Perkins were also part of the regular show entourage. Cash also enjoyed booking mainstream performers as guests; including Neil Young, Louis Armstrong, Neil Diamond, Kenny Rogers and The First Edition (who appeared four times), James Taylor, Ray Charles, Roger Miller, Roy Orbison, Derek and the Dominos, and Bob Dylan. During the same period, he contributed the title song and other songs to the film Little Fauss and Big Halsey, which starred Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, and Lauren Hutton. The title song, "The Ballad of Little Fauss and Big Halsey," written by Carl Perkins, was nominated for a Golden Globe award.[72]
Cash had met with Dylan in the mid-1960s and became closer friends when they were neighbors in the late 1960s in Woodstock, New York. Cash was enthusiastic about reintroducing the reclusive Dylan to his audience. Cash sang a duet with Dylan on Dylan's country album Nashville Skyline and also wrote the album's Grammy-winning liner notes.
Another artist who received a major career boost from The Johnny Cash Show was Kris Kristofferson, who was beginning to make a name for himself as a singer-songwriter. During a live performance of Kristofferson's "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down," Cash refused to change the lyrics to suit network executives, singing the song with its references to marijuana intact:


On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishin', Lord, that I was stoned.[73]


By the early 1970s, he had crystallized his public image as "The Man in Black." He regularly performed dressed all in black, wearing a long black knee-length coat. This outfit stood in contrast to the costumes worn by most of the major country acts in his day: rhinestone suits and cowboy boots. In 1971, Cash wrote the song "Man in Black," to help explain his dress code:


We're doing mighty fine I do suppose
In our streak of lightning cars and fancy clothes
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back
Up front there ought to be a man in black.






Cash performing in Bremen, West Germany, in September 1972


He wore 'black' on behalf of the poor and hungry, on behalf of "the prisoner who has long paid for his crime," and on behalf of those who have been betrayed by age or drugs.[74] "And," Cash added, "with the Vietnam War as painful in my mind as it was in most other Americans, I wore it 'in mournin' for the lives that could have been' ... Apart from the Vietnam War being over, I don't see much reason to change my position ... The old are still neglected, the poor are still poor, the young are still dying before their time, and we're not making many moves to make things right. There's still plenty of darkness to carry off."[74]




Cash in the "one piece at a time" Cadillac


He and his band had initially worn black shirts because that was the only matching color they had among their various outfits. He wore other colors on stage early in his career, but he claimed to like wearing black both on and off stage. He stated that political reasons aside, he simply liked black as his on-stage color.[26][page needed] The outdated US Navy's winter blue uniform used to be referred to by sailors as "Johnny Cashes," as the uniform's shirt, tie, and trousers are solid black.[75]
In the mid-1970s, Cash's popularity and number of hit songs began to decline. He made commercials for Amoco and STP, an unpopular enterprise at the time of the 1970s energy crisis. In 1976 he made commercials for Lionel Trains, for which he also wrote the music.[76] However, his first autobiography, Man in Black, was published in 1975 and sold 1.3 million copies. A second, Cash: The Autobiography, appeared in 1997.
His friendship with Billy Graham [77] led to the production of a film about the life of Jesus, The Gospel Road, which Cash co-wrote and narrated. Cash and June Carter Cash appeared several times on the Billy Graham Crusade TV specials, and Cash continued to include gospel and religious songs on many of his albums, though Columbia declined to release A Believer Sings the Truth, a gospel double-LP Cash recorded in 1979 and which ended up being released on an independent label even with Cash still under contract to Columbia. On November 22, 1974, CBS ran his one-hour TV special entitled "Riding The Rails", a musical history of trains.
He continued to appear on television, hosting Christmas specials on CBS in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Later television appearances included a starring role in an episode of Columbo, entitled "Swan Song". He and June appeared in an episode of Little House on the Prairie, entitled "The Collection". He gave a performance as John Brown in the 1985 American Civil War television mini-series North and South. Johnny and June also appeared in Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman in recurring roles.[72]
He was friendly with every US President starting with Richard Nixon. He was closest to Jimmy Carter, with whom he became close friends and who was a distant cousin of his wife, June Carter Cash.[26]
When invited to perform at the White House for the first time in 1970,[78] Richard Nixon's office requested that he play "Okie from Muskogee" (a satirical Merle Haggard song about people who despised youthful drug users and war protesters), "Welfare Cadillac" (a Guy Drake song which denies the integrity of welfare recipients), and "A Boy Named Sue." Cash declined to play the first two and instead selected other songs, including "The Ballad of Ira Hayes" (about a brave Native American World War II veteran who was mistreated upon his return to Arizona), and his own compositions, "What Is Truth" and "Man in Black". Cash wrote that the reasons for denying Nixon's song choices were not knowing them and having fairly short notice to rehearse them, rather than any political reason.[26][page needed] However, Cash added, even if Nixon's office had given Cash enough time to learn and rehearse the songs, their choice of pieces that conveyed "anti-hippie and anti-black" sentiments might have backfired.[79] In his remarks when introducing Cash, Nixon joked that one thing he'd learned about the singer was one didn't tell him what to sing.[80]
. Johnny Cash was the Grand Marshal of the United States Bicentennial parade.[81]. He wore a shirt from Nudie Cohn which sold for $25,000 in auction in 2010. [82] After the parade he gave a concert at the Washington monument. [83]
Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records[edit]




The Highwaymen members Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson


In 1980, Cash became the Country Music Hall of Fame's youngest living inductee at age 48. But during the 1980s, his records failed to make a major impact on the country charts, although he continued to tour successfully. In the mid-1980s, he recorded and toured with Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson as The Highwaymen, making three hit albums which were released beginning with the originally titled "Highwaymen" in 1985, followed by "Highwaymen 2" in 1990, and concluding with "Highwaymen – The Road Goes on forever" in 1995.
During that period, Cash appeared in a number of television films. In 1981, he starred in The Pride of Jesse Hallam, winning fine reviews for a film that called attention to adult illiteracy. In the same year, Cash appeared as a "very special guest star" in an episode of the Muppet Show. In 1983, he appeared as a heroic sheriff in Murder in Coweta County, based on a real-life Georgia murder case, which co-starred Andy Griffith as his nemesis and featured June Carter in a small but important role. Cash had tried for years to make the film, for which he won acclaim.[72]
Cash relapsed into addiction after being administered painkillers for a serious abdominal injury in 1983 caused by an unusual incident in which he was kicked and wounded by an ostrich he kept on his farm.[84]
At a hospital visit in 1988, this time to watch over Waylon Jennings (who was recovering from a heart attack), Jennings suggested that Cash has himself checked into the hospital for his own heart condition. Doctors recommended preventive heart surgery, and Cash underwent double bypass surgery in the same hospital. Both recovered, although Cash refused to use any prescription painkillers, fearing a relapse into dependency. Cash later claimed that during his operation, he had what is called a "near death experience".
Cash's recording career and his general relationship with the Nashville establishment were at an all-time low in the 1980s. He realized that his record label of nearly 30 years, Columbia, was growing indifferent to him and was not properly marketing him (he was "invisible" during that time, as he said in his autobiography).
 In 1984, Cash released a self-parody recording titled "Chicken in Black," about Cash's brain being transplanted into a chicken and Cash receiving a bank robber's brain in return. Biographer Robert Hilburn, in the 2013-published Johnny Cash: The Life disputes the claim made that Cash chose to record an intentionally poor song in protest of Columbia's treatment of him. On the contrary, Hilburn writes, it was Columbia that presented Cash with the song, which Cash – who had previously scored major chart hits with comedic material such as "A Boy Named Sue" and "One Piece at a Time" – accepted enthusiastically, performing the song live on stage and filming a comedic music video in which he dresses up in a superhero-like bank robber costume. According to Hilburn, Cash's enthusiasm for the song waned after Waylon Jennings told Cash he looked "like a buffoon" in the music video (which was showcased during Cash's 1984 Christmas TV special), and Cash subsequently demanded that Columbia withdraw the music video from broadcast and recall the single from stores—interrupting its bona fide chart success—and termed the venture "a fiasco."[85]
Between 1981 and 1984, he recorded several sessions with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill (who also produced "Chicken in Black") which were shelved; they would be released by Columbia's sister label, Legacy Recordings, in 2014 as Out Among the Stars.[86] Around this time, Cash also recorded an album of gospel recordings that ended up being released by another label around the time of his departure from Columbia (this due to Columbia closing down its Priority Records division that was to have released the recordings).
After more unsuccessful recordings were released in 1984–85, Cash left Columbia (At least as a solo artist; he continued to record for Columbia on non-solo projects until as late as 1990, recording a duets album with Waylon Jennings and two albums as a member of The Highwaymen.)
In 1986, Cash returned to Sun Studios in Memphis to team up with Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins to create the album Class of '55; according to Hilburn, Columbia still had Cash under contract at the time, so special arrangements had to be made to allow him to participate.[87] Also in 1986, Cash published his only novel, Man in White, a book about Saul and his conversion to become the Apostle Paul. He recorded Johnny Cash Reads The Complete New Testament in 1990.
American Recordings[edit]




Johnny Cash sings a duet with a Navy lieutenant c. 1987


After Columbia Records dropped Cash from his recording contract, he had a short and unsuccessful stint with Mercury Records from 1987 to 1991. During this time, he recorded an album of new versions of some of his best-known Sun and Columbia hits, as well as Water from the Wells of Home, a duets album that paired him with, among others, his children Rosanne Cash and John Carter Cash, as well as Paul McCartney. A one-off Christmas album recorded for Delta Records followed his Mercury contract.
His career was rejuvenated in the 1990s, leading to popularity with an audience which was not traditionally considered interested in country music. In 1991, he sang a version of "Man in Black" for the Christian punk band One Bad Pig's album I Scream Sunday. In 1993, he sang "The Wanderer" on U2's album Zooropa which was the closing track. According to Rolling Stone writer, Adam Gold,"The Wanderer" – written for Cash by Bono, "defies both the U2 and Cash canons, combining rhythmic and textural elements of Nineties synth-pop with a Countrypolitan lament fit for the closing credits of a Seventies western." [88].
Although no longer sought after by major labels, he was offered a contract with producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings label, which had recently been rebranded from Def American, under which name it was better known for rap and hard rock. Under Rubin's supervision, he recorded American Recordings (1994) in his living room, accompanied only by his Martin Dreadnought guitar – one of many Cash played throughout his career.[89] The album featured covers of contemporary artists selected by Rubin including "Down There by the Train" by Tom Waits. The album had a great deal of critical and commercial success, winning a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Cash wrote that his reception at the 1994 Glastonbury Festival was one of the highlights of his career. This was the beginning of a decade of music industry accolades and commercial success. He teamed up with Brooks & Dunn to contribute "Folsom Prison Blues" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Country produced by the Red Hot Organization. On the same album, he performed the Bob Dylan favorite "Forever Young."
Cash and his wife appeared on a number of episodes of the television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. He also lent his voice for a cameo role in The Simpsons episode "El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)", as the "Space Coyote" that guides Homer Simpson on a spiritual quest.[72]
In 1996, Cash enlisted the accompaniment of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and released Unchained (also known as American Recordings II), which won the Best Country Album Grammy in 1998. The album was produced by Rick Rubin with Sylvia Massy engineering and mixing. A majority of "Unchained" was recorded at Sound City Studios and featured guest appearances by Lindsay Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, and Marty Stuart. Believing he did not explain enough of himself in his 1975 autobiography Man in Black, he wrote Cash: The Autobiography in 1997.
Last years[edit]




Cash's original grave (top) and the Cash/Carter memorial


In 1997, Cash was diagnosed with the neurodegenerative disease Shy–Drager syndrome, a form of multiple system atrophy; according to biographer Robert Hilburn, the disease was originally misdiagnosed as Parkinson's disease, and Cash even announced to a concert audience that he had Parkinson's during a show in Flint, Michigan, on October 25, 1997, after he nearly collapsed on stage; soon after his diagnosis was changed to Shy–Drager and Cash was told he had approximately 18 months to live.[90] The diagnosis was later again altered to autonomic neuropathy associated with diabetes. The illness forced Cash to curtail his touring. He was hospitalized in 1998 with severe pneumonia, which damaged his lungs.
During the last stage of his career, Cash released the albums American III: Solitary Man (2000) and American IV: The Man Comes Around (2002). American IV included cover songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.[91] Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails commented that he was initially skeptical about Cash's plan to cover "Hurt", but was later impressed and moved by the rendition.[92] The video for "Hurt" received critical and popular acclaim.[93][94]
June Carter Cash died on May 15, 2003, at the age of 73.[95] June had told Cash to keep working, so he continued to record, completing 60 more songs in the last four months of his life, and even performed a couple of surprise shows at the Carter Family Fold outside Bristol, Virginia. At the July 5, 2003, concert (his last public performance), before singing "Ring of Fire", Cash read a statement about his late wife that he had written shortly before taking the stage:

The spirit of June Carter overshadows me tonight with the love she had for me and the love I have for her. We connect somewhere between here and Heaven. She came down for a short visit, I guess, from Heaven to visit with me tonight to give me courage and inspiration like she always has.

Cash continued to record until shortly before his death. His final recordings were made on August 21, 2003, and consisted of "Like the 309", which appeared on American V: A Hundred Highways in 2006, and the final song he completed, "Engine 143", which was recorded for his son John Carter Cash for a planned Carter Family tribute album.[96]
Death[edit]
While hospitalized at Baptist Hospital in Nashville, Cash died of complications from diabetes at approximately 2:00 a.m. CT on September 12, 2003, aged 71—less than four months after his wife. It was suggested that Johnny's health worsened due to a broken heart over June's death.[97][98] He was buried next to his wife in Hendersonville Memory Gardens near his home in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
In June 2005, Cash's lakeside home on Caudill Drive in Hendersonville was put up for sale by his estate. In January 2006, the house was sold to Bee Gees vocalist Barry Gibb and wife Linda, and titled to their Florida limited liability company for $2.3 million. The listing agent was Cash's younger brother, Tommy. On April 10, 2007, during a major restoration of the property by the new owner, Cash's home was accidentally destroyed in a spontaneous combustion-ignited fire caused by workers using linseed oil products.[99]
One of Cash's final collaborations with producer Rick Rubin, American V: A Hundred Highways, was released posthumously on July 4, 2006. The album debuted in the No.1 position on the Billboard Top 200 album chart for the week ending July 22, 2006. On February 23, 2010, three days before what would have been Cash's 78th birthday, the Cash Family, Rick Rubin, and Lost Highway Records released his second posthumous record, titled American VI: Ain't No Grave.
Religious beliefs[edit]
Cash was raised by his parents in the Southern Baptist denomination of Christianity. He was baptized in 1944 in the Tyronza River as a member of the Central Baptist Church of Dyess, Arkansas.[100]
A troubled but devout Christian,[101][102][page needed] Cash has been characterized as a "lens through which to view American contradictions and challenges."[d][104][105] A biblical scholar,[2][106][107] he penned a Christian novel, Man in White, and in the introduction Cash writes about a reporter who, interested in Cash's religious beliefs, questions whether the book is written from a Baptist, Catholic, or Jewish perspective. Cash denies an answer to the book's view and his own, and replies, "I'm a Christian. Don't put me in another box."[108][page needed][109]
In the mid-seventies, Cash and his wife, June, completed a course of study in the Bible through Christian International Bible College.[56] Cash often performed at Billy Graham Crusades. At a Tallahassee Crusade in 1986, June and Johnny sang his song, "One of These Days I'm Gonna Sit Down And Talk To Paul." [110]At a notable performance in Arkansas in 1989 Johnny Cash spoke to attendees of his commitment to the salvation of drug dealers and alcoholics. He then sang, "Family Bible." [111]
He made a spoken word recording of the entire New King James Version of the New Testament.[112][113] Cash declared he was "the biggest sinner of them all", and viewed himself overall as a complicated and contradictory man.[114][e] Accordingly,[f] Cash is said to have "contained multitudes," and has been deemed "the philosopher-prince of American country music."[119][120]
Cash is credited with having converted actor and singer John Schneider to Christianity.[121]
Legacy[edit]




The clothes and guitar of Johnny Cash on exhibit in the Artist Gallery of the Musical Instrument Museum of Phoenix


Cash's daughter Rosanne (by first wife Vivian Liberto) and his son John Carter Cash (by June Carter Cash) are notable musicians in their own right.
Cash nurtured and defended artists (such as Bob Dylan[43]) on the fringes of what was acceptable in country music even while serving as the country music establishment's most visible symbol. At an all-star concert which aired in 1999 on TNT, a diverse group of artists paid him tribute, including Dylan, Chris Isaak, Wyclef Jean, Norah Jones, Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, Dom DeLuise, and U2. Cash himself appeared at the end and performed for the first time in more than a year. Two tribute albums were released shortly before his death; Kindred Spirits contains works from established artists, while Dressed in Black contains works from many lesser-known musicians. In total, he wrote over 1,000 songs and released dozens of albums. A box set titled Unearthed was issued posthumously. It included four CDs of unreleased material recorded with Rubin as well as a Best of Cash on American retrospective CD. The set also includes a 104-page book that discusses each track and features one of Cash's final interviews.[122]
In recognition of his lifelong support of SOS Children's Villages, his family invited friends and fans to donate to the Johnny Cash Memorial Fund in his memory. He had a personal link with the SOS village in Diessen, at the Ammersee Lake in Southern Germany, near where he was stationed as a GI, and with the SOS village in Barrett Town, by Montego Bay, near his holiday home in Jamaica.[123][124]
In 1999, Cash received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Cash No. 31 on their "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list[125][126] and No. 21 on their "100 Greatest Singers" list in 2010.[127] In 2012 Rolling Stone ranked Cash's 1968 live album At Folsom Prison and 1994 studio album American Recordings at No. 88[128] and No. 366[129] in its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The main street in Hendersonville, Tennessee, Highway 31E, is known as "Johnny Cash Parkway."[citation needed]
The Johnny Cash Museum, located in one of Cash's properties in Hendersonville until 2006, dubbed the House of Cash, was sold based on Cash's will. Prior to this, having been closed for a number of years, the museum had been featured in Cash's music video for "Hurt." The house subsequently burned down during the renovation by the new owner. A new museum, founded by Shannon and Bill Miller, opened April 26, 2013, in downtown Nashville.[130]
On November 2–4, 2007, the Johnny Cash Flower Pickin' Festival was held in Starkville, Mississippi, where Cash had been arrested more than 40 years earlier and held overnight at the city jail on May 11, 1965. The incident inspired Cash to write the song "Starkville City Jail". The festival, where he was offered a symbolic posthumous pardon, honored Cash's life and music and was expected to become an annual event.[131]
JC Unit One, Johnny Cash's private tour bus from 1980 until 2003, was put on exhibit at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2007. The museum offers public tours of the bus on a seasonal basis (it is stored during the winter months and not exhibited during those times).[132]
A limited-edition Forever stamp honoring Cash went on sale June 5, 2013. The stamp features a promotional picture of Cash taken around the 1963 release of "Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. The Undertaker used Cash's version of "Ain't No Grave" at WrestleMania XXVII as his entrance theme.[133]
On October 14, 2014, The City of Folsom unveiled Phase 1 of the Johnny Cash Trail to the public with a dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Roseanne Cash. Along the trail, eight larger-than-life public art pieces will tell the story of Johnny Cash, his connection to Folsom Prison, and his epic musical career. The Johnny Cash Trail features art selected by a committee that included Cindy Cash, a 2-acre (0.81 ha) Legacy Park, and over 3 miles (4.8 km) of multi-use Class-I bike trail. The artists responsible for the sculptures are Sacramento-based Romo Studios, LLC and the Fine Art Studio of Rotblatt Amrany, from Illinois.[134]
In 2015, a new species of black tarantula was identified near Folsom Prison and named Aphonopelma johnnycashi in his honor.
In 2016, the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team added the "Country Legends Race" to its between-innings entertainment. At the middle of the fifth inning, people in oversized foam caricature costumes depicting Cash, as well as George Jones and Reba McEntire, race around the warning track at First Tennessee Park from center field to the home plate side of the first base dugout.[135]
The Johnny Cash Heritage Festival will be held in Dyess, Arkansas on October 19-21, 2017 [136]. It will build on the music festival held for four years on the Arkansas State University campus in Jonesboro. The festival honors Johnny Cash and explores the New Deal programs that shaped his childhood in Dyess, Arkansas. The Festival includes a concert in the field adjacent to the Cash Home and Arkansas roots music in the Colony Circle.

Portrayals[edit]
Country singer Mark Collie portrayed Cash in John Lloyd Miller's award-winning 1999 short film I Still Miss Someone.[72]
In November 2005, Walk the Line, a biographical film about Cash's life, was released in the United States to considerable commercial success and critical acclaim. The film featured Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny (for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor) and Reese Witherspoon as June (for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress). Phoenix and Witherspoon also won the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy and Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy, respectively. They both performed their own vocals in the film (with their version of "Jackson" being released as a single), and Phoenix learned to play guitar for the role. Phoenix received a Grammy Award for his contributions to the soundtrack. John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny and June, served as an executive producer.[72]
On March 12, 2006, Ring of Fire, a jukebox musical of the Cash oeuvre, debuted on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theater but closed due to harsh reviews and disappointing sales on April 30. Million Dollar Quartet, a musical portraying the early Sun recording sessions involving Cash, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins, debuted on Broadway on April 11, 2010. Actor Lance Guest portrayed Cash. The musical was nominated for three awards at the 2010 Tony Awards and won one.
Robert Hilburn, veteran Los Angeles Times pop music critic, the journalist who accompanied Cash in his 1968 Folsom prison tour, and interviewed Cash many times throughout his life including months before his death, published a 688-page biography with 16 pages of photographs in 2013.[137] The meticulously reported biography is said to have filled in the 80 percent of Cash's life that was unknown, including details about Cash's battles with addiction and infidelity.[138] The book reportedly does not hold back any details about the darker side of Johnny Cash and includes details about his affair with his pregnant wife June Carter's sister.[139]
Awards and honors[edit]
For detailed lists of music awards, see List of awards received by Johnny Cash.
Cash received multiple Country Music Association Awards, Grammys, and other awards, in categories ranging from vocal and spoken performances to album notes and videos. In a career that spanned almost five decades, during which he rose to recording industry icon status, Cash was the personification of country music to many people around the world. Cash was a musician who was not defined by a single genre. He recorded songs that could be considered rock and roll, blues, rockabilly, folk, and gospel, and exerted an influence on each of those genres.[citation needed]
His diversity was evidenced by his presence in five major music halls of fame: the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame (1977), the Country Music Hall of Fame (1980), the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (1992), GMA's Gospel Music Hall of Fame (2010) and the Memphis Music Hall of Fame (2013).[140][141] Cash was the only country music artist inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a "performer", unlike the other country members, who were inducted as "early influences".[citation needed]
His contributions to the genre have been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.[142] Cash received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1996 and stated that his induction into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980 was his greatest professional achievement. In 2001, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.[143] "Hurt" was nominated for six VMAs at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. The only VMA the video won was that for Best Cinematography. With the video, Johnny Cash became the oldest artist ever nominated for an MTV Video Music Award.[144] Justin Timberlake, who won Best Video that year for "Cry Me a River," said in his acceptance speech: "This is a travesty! I demand a recount. My grandfather raised me on Johnny Cash, and I think he deserves this more than any of us in here tonight."[145]
Discography[edit]
See Johnny Cash albums discography, Johnny Cash singles discography and Johnny Cash Sun Records discography.
Filmography[edit]

Film

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1961
Five Minutes to Live
Johnny Cabot
Also titled Door-To-Door Maniac


1967
The Road to Nashville
Himself



1971
A Gunfight
Abe Cross



1974
The Gospel Road
Narrator/Himself



1994
Gene Autry, Melody of the West
Narrator
Documentary film; voice acting role


2003
The Hunted
Narrator
Voice acting role


2014
The Winding Stream
Interview subject[146]
Documentary film; archive footage



Television

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1959
Shotgun Slade
Sheriff
Episode: "The Stalkers"


1959
Wagon Train
Frank Hoag
Episode: "The C.L. Harding Story


1960
The Rebel
Pratt
Episode: "The Death of Gray"


1961
The Deputy
Bo Braddock
Episode: "The Deathly Quiet"


1969–1971
The Johnny Cash Show
Himself – host and performer
58 episodes


1970
The Partridge Family
Variety Show Host
Episode: "What? Get Out of Show Business?"


1973–1992
Sesame Street
Himself
4 episodes


1974–1988
Hee Haw
Himself
4 episodes


1974
Columbo
Tommy Brown
Episode: "Swan Song"


1974
Johnny Cash Ridin' the Rails—The Great American Train Story
Himself



1976
Johnny Cash and Friends
Himself
4 episodes


1976
Little House on the Prairie
Caleb Hodgekiss
Episode: "The Collection"


1976–1985
Johnny Cash specials (various titles)
Himself
15 specials


1978
Thaddeus Rose and Eddie
Thaddeus Rose
Television film


1980
The Muppet Show
Himself
Episode: "#5.21"


1981
The Pride of Jesse Hallam
Jesse Hallam
Television film


1982
Saturday Night Live
Himself
Episode: "Johnny Cash/Elton John"


1983
Murder in Coweta County
Lamarr Potts
Television film; also producer


1984
The Baron and the Kid
The Baron
Will
Television film


1985
North and South
John Brown
6 episodes


1986
The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James
Frank James
Television film


1986
Stagecoach
Curly Wilcox
Television film


1988
The Magical World of Disney
Elder Davy Crockett
Episode: "Rainbow in the Thunder"


1993–1997
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman
Kid Cole
4 episodes


1996
Renegade
Henry Travis
Episode: "The Road Not Taken"


1997
The Simpsons
Space Coyote
Episode: "The Mysterious Voyage of Homer"; voice acting role


1998
All My Friends Are Cowboys
Himself
Television special


2014
Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music
Himself
BBC4 1969 Bio Documentary by Robert Elfstromg; archive footage


Published works[edit]

Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words, Zondervan, 1975; ISBN 99924-31-58-X
Man in White, a novel about the Apostle Paul, HarperCollins, 1986; ISBN 0-06-250132-1
Cash: The Autobiography, with Patrick Carr, HarperCollins, 1997; ISBN 978-0-06-101357-7[147]
Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament, Thomas Nelson, 2011; ISBN 978-1-4185-4883-4[148]
Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara, 2014; ISBN 978-0-930677-03-9[149]
The Man Who Carried Cash: Saul Holiff, Johnny Cash, and the Making of an American Icon by Julie Chadwick, Dundurn Press, 2017; ISBN 978-1-459737-23-5

Notes[edit]



^ Although Cash's voice type endured over the years, his timbre changed noticeably: "Through a recording career that stretche[d] back to 1955", Pareles writes, Cash's "bass-baritone voice [went] from gravelly to grave".[5]
^ For Cash, black stage attire was a "symbol of rebellion—against a stagnant status quo, against ... hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas".[11]
^ Schultz refers to this phrase as Cash's "trademark greeting," and places his utterance of this line, on Cash's At Folsom Prison album, "among the most electrifying [seconds] in the history of concert recording."[12]
^ Other appraisals of Cash's iconic value have been even bolder.[103]
^ Urbanski[115] notes that Cash's habit of performing in black attire began in a church. In the following paragraph, he[116] quotes Cash[117] as indicating that this habit was partially reflective of Cash's rebellion "against our hypocritical houses of God".
^ According to Urbanski, Cash's self-perception was accurate: "He never intended to be categorized or pigeonholed", and indeed he amassed a "cluster of enigmas" which "was so impenetrably deep that even those closest to him never got to see every part of him".[118]



References[edit]


^ Johnny Cash—Guitars and Equipment, Über Pro Audio, 2009, retrieved May 15, 2009 
^ a b Johnny Cash & June Carter, Last.fm, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Holden, Stephen (September 13, 2003), "Johnny Cash, Country Music Bedrock, Dies at 71", The New York Times, retrieved February 25, 2013 
^ Jones, Rebecca (January 14, 2014). "More Johnny Cash material will be released says son". BBC News. Retrieved February 13, 2016. 
^ a b c Pareles 1994.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. xiv.
^ Dickie, M. (2002) [1987], "Hard talk from the God-fearin', pro-metal man in Black", in Streissguth, M., Ring of fire: The Johnny Cash reader, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo, pp. 201–205 
^ a b c d Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 196 
^ Fox, JA (October 17, 2005), "Hard time's never a 'circus'", The Boston Herald, Baylor University, archived from the original on September 20, 2006, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Streissguth 2005.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Schultz, B. (July 1, 2000), "Classic Tracks: Johnny Cash's 'Folsom Prison Blues'", Mix, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Mulligan, J. (February 24, 2010), Johnny Cash: American VI: Ain't No Grave (album review), entertainment.ie, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ For discussion of, and lyrics to, Cash's songs, see Cusic, D., ed. (2004), Johnny Cash: The songs, New York, NY: Thunder's Mouth 
^ Miller 2003, p. 341.
^ Ellis, A. (2004, 01). The man in black: Johnny cash, 1932–2003. Guitar Player, 38, 31–32, 34.
^ "Johnny Cash's Funeral", Johnny and June Carter Cash Memorial, Buddy Case, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ "Reba Cash Hancock", Harpeth Family Funeral Services, Harpeth hills, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ Millar, Anna (June 4, 2006), "Celtic connection as Cash walks the line in Fife", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ Cash, Roseanne (2010). A memoir. Viking Press. ISBN 978-1-101-45769-6. 
^ Manzoor, Sarfraz (February 7, 2010), Scottish roots of Johnny Cash, the man in black tartan, London, UK: The Guardian, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ a b Miller 2003, p. 11.
^ Dalton, Stephanie (January 15, 2006), "Walking the line back in time", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman.com, archived from the original on October 21, 2007, retrieved June 28, 2007 
^ Cash & Carr 1997, p. 3.
^ Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 6 
^ a b c d e f g Cash & Carr 1997.
^ Jack D. Cash, Find-a-Grave 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 31). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Gross 2006.
^ Abbott, William. "Johnny Cash – February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003". Southernmusic.net. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ Johnny Cash: The Biography (pg. 42)
^ Malone, William; McCulloh, Judith (1975), Stars of Country Music, Chicago, IL 
^ Berkowitz, Kenny (June 2001). "No Regrets – Johnny Cash, the man in black, is back at the top of his game". AcousticGuitar.com (102). Archived from the original on August 12, 2008. Retrieved June 28, 2009. 
^ Johnny Cash Things You Didn't Know About Johnny Cash at Taste of Country. Retrieved September 24, 2016
^ Johnny Cash at TV People Retrieved September 24
^ Turner 2004, pp. 43–44.
^ Sweeting, Adam (September 12, 2003), "Johnny Cash", The Guardian (Obituary), London, UK, retrieved January 26, 2009 
^ Puterbaugh, Parke. "Essential Johnny Cash." Rolling Stone October 16, 2003: 78. International Index to Music Periodicals Full Text [ProQuest]. Web. June 12, 2016.
^ The Man in Black's Musical Journey Continues, NPR, retrieved February 9, 2010 
^ "10 Things you didn't know about Johnny Cash". Retrieved August 29, 2014. 
^ "Rainbow Quest". Richardandmimi.com. February 26, 1966. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ "My Father and The Man in Black". Johnny-and-saul.com. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ a b Johnny Cash interviewed on the Pop Chronicles (1969)
^ Liberto, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, p. 294.
^ "Major brush fire." Los Angeles Times, June 28, 1965, p. 1.
^ "Control of Brush Fire Near; 700 Acres Burned." Los Angeles Times, June 29, 1965, p. 27.
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). Johnny Cash: The Life. Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 0-316-19475-1. 
^ Johnson, Brett (November 18, 2007), "Cash's first wife tells of romance, heartbreak", Ventura County Star. Retrieved July 9, 2013.
^ Williford, Stanley and Howard Hertel. "Singer Johnny Cash Pays $82,000 to U.S. in Fire Case", Los Angeles Times, July 3, 1969, p. A3.
^ Johnny Cash, At San Quentin, Columbia Records CS 9827, 1969
^ "Past Winners Search". The GRAMMYs. 
^ "12 000 at LaFayette show", Rome News Tribune, LaFayette, Georgia: Google News, p. 5A, August 14, 1970 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 34). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Zwonitzer, Mark (2002). Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone: The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-85763-4. 
^ Grant, Marshall (2005). I Was There When It Happened – My Life With Johnny Cash. Cumberland House. ISBN 1-58182-510-2. 
^ a b Cash, John Carter (2007). Anchored in Love. Thomas Nelson. ISBN 0-8499-0187-1.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "John_Carter_Cash" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Cash in Treatment", Orlando Sentinel, November 26, 1989 
^ "Inmate Merle Haggard hears Johnny Cash play San Quentin State Prison", history.com; accessed June 24, 2014.
^ Edwards, Leigh H. "Cash, Johnny." Grove Music Online. Oxford Music Online. Oxford University Press.
^ Cash, Johnny. "Johnny and June Carter Cash on Pete Seeger's Rainbow Quest". Youtube. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ Cash, J., & Carr, P. (1997). Cash: The autobiography (p. 408). San Francisco, CA: HarperSanFrancisco.
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (p. 597). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ "Johnny Cash – Bitter Tears – Ballads of the American Indian". www.discogs.com. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ (1965). Johnny Cash and June Carter [Television series episode]. In Rainbow Quest.Pete Seeger. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQq0dw7rmtc
^ Look Again To The Wind: Johnny Cash's Bitter Tears Revisited. (July 8, 2014). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.sony.com/SCA/company-news/press-releases/sony-music-masterworks/2014/look-again-to-the-wind-johnny-cashs-bitter-tears-r.shtml
^ a b The Bitter Tears of Johnny Cash. (November 8, 2009). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.salon.com/2009/11/09/johnny_cash_2/
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 598–599). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ (1970). [Television series episode]. In The Johnny Cash Show.Johnny Cash. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yz7xYzEEZo&list=LLwSdCgA8WpUDjjX6Il2AhXA&index=3
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 592). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ Burnett, John G. (December 11, 1890). "Birthday Story of Private John G. Burnett, Captain Abraham McClellan's Company, 2nd Regiment, 2nd Brigade, Mounted Infantry, Cherokee Indian Removal, 1838–39.". Creoliste. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian". The Bluegrass Special. August 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f Johnny Cash on IMDb
^ The Best of the Johnny Cash TV Show 1969–1971, Disc 1 (of 2), Reverse Angle Production, 2007 
^ a b Cash & Carr 1997, pp. 85–86.
^ "The good, bad and ugly of proposed uniforms", Navy Times, October 4, 2004 
^ Turner Publishing (2004). Lionel Trains: A Pictorial History of Trains and Their Collectors. Turner Publishing Company. p. 19. ISBN 1-56311-958-7. 
^ Allmond, Joy. September 13, 2015. Johnny Cash's Faith and Friendship with Billy Graham. Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. https://billygraham.org/story/johnny-cashs-faith-and-friendship-with-billy-graham/
^ Nixon Welcomes 'The Man in Black' to the White House, Nixon Foundation, April 17, 2011, archived from the original on August 22, 2011 
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 212.
^ Richard Nixon, April 17, 1970, released on Johnny Cash, Bootleg Vol. III: Live Around the World (Columbia/Legacy 88697 93033 2), released 2011
^ Halloran, R. July 4, 1976. "500,000 View Capital's Bicentennial Parade" New York Times.
^ Lot 756 of 982: JOHNNY CASH BICENTENNIAL SHIRT http://www.julienslive.com/view-auctions/catalog/id/15/lot/3115/JOHNNY-CASH-BICENTENNIAL-SHIRT
^ Willett, E. (2011).Johnny Cash: "The Man in Black", p.90. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow.
^ Johnny Cash: The Rebel, Canada: Exclaim.ca, p. 3 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 500–502
^ Lewis, Randy (December 10, 2013). "'Lost' Early-'80s Johnny Cash Album Slated for March 25 Release". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ Hilburn, p. 506
^ Adam Gold, "How U2 Fell in Love With Nashville and Influenced Today's Country Music," Rolling Stone July 13, 2017 http://www.rollingstone.com/country/features/inside-u2s-love-affair-with-nashville-country-music-w491992
^ The Guitars of Johnny Cash, Fretbase.com, August 2008, archived from the original on October 1, 2008 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 568–570
^ Carr, Eric (November 7, 2002). "Johnny Cash, American IV: The Man Comes Around". Pitchfork. Retrieved May 12, 2017. 
^ "Geoff Rickly interviews Trent Reznor". Alternative Press. 2004-06-26. Retrieved 2016-06-21. 
^ Levy, Glen (July 28, 2011). "The 30 All-TIME Best Music Videos – Johnny Cash, Hurt". Time. Retrieved August 19, 2011. 
^ "100 Greatest Music Videos". NME. Retrieved 15 December 2012. 
^ "Country Star June Carter Cash, Wife of Johnny Cash, Dies at 73". 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. (New York: Little, Brown & Co., 2013), p. 624
^ "Death from a Broken Heart". Medicine net. November 24, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Johnny Cash Dead at Age 71". About. September 12, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Fire destroys Johnny Cash house". BBC.co.uk. April 11, 2007. Retrieved September 29, 2010. 
^ Johnny Cash, Man in Black, Zondervan, ISBN 978-99924-31-58-0 
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi.
^ Urbanski 2003.
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi: 'Very few figures in recent history are seen as more representative of American identity as Cash ... His has often been suggested as the face that should be added to the select pantheon on Mt. Rushmore'
^ Clapp 2008, p. xviii.
^ Miller 2003, p. 227.
^ Stoudt, C. (June 9, 2009), "Review: 'Ring of Fire' at La Mirada Theatre", The Los Angeles Times, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Johnny Cash: Amazing Grace, Public Radio Exchange, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Cash 2008.
^ "Johnny Cash obituary", News, BBC, September 12, 2003, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Billy Graham Crusade, 1986, Tallahassee, Florida, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlXGSi4rxf8
^ Billy Graham Crusade,1989, Little Rock, Arkansas, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5Sd_qcBSQ
^ Rivkin, D., ed. (2007), Johnny Cash reading the complete New Testament (audio recording) (deluxe ed.), Nashville, TN: Thomas Nelson 
^ Morris, E. (December 23, 2008), Johnny Cash's reading of the New Testament now on DVD, Country Music Television, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. xx–xxi.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. 39.
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. 39–40.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Urbanski, D. (2010), "Johnny Cash's complicated faith: Unwrapping the enigma of the Man in Black", Relevant Magazine, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Huss, J.; Werther, D., eds. (2008), Johnny Cash and philosophy: The burning ring of truth, Chicago, IL: Open Court 
^ Johnny Cash and philosophy, Open Court, 2007, archived from the original on March 28, 2010, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ "Taking the Lead – Today's Christian". Archived from the original on April 10, 2008. Retrieved 2015-04-28. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link)
^ "Cash's "Unearthed" box set". billboard. Billboard Magazine. October 22, 2003. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Celebrities as partners, SOS Children's Villages, archived from the original on May 18, 2008 
^ "Johnny Cash", Supporters, USA: SOS Children's Villages 
^ Kristofferson, Kris. "Johnny Cash, No. 31". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "The Immortals: The First Fifty". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "100 Greatest Singers of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ Rutz, Heather (June 7, 2013). "Lima native creative director at new Johnny Cash museum". The Lima News. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Mississippi town to honor the 'Man in Black'". MSN.com. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ Soeder, John (May 19, 2010). "Johnny Cash's tour bus returns to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash Stamp Release Celebrated By Family". Huffington Post. June 3, 2013. Retrieved June 3, 2013. 
^ "Folsom, CA – Johnny Cash Trail & Art Experience". www.folsom.ca.us. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Opening Night at First Tennessee Park". The Tennessean. April 7, 2016. Retrieved April 8, 2016. 
^ Johnny Cash Heritage Festival http://johnnycashheritagefestival.com/
^ Hilburn, Robert (2013). Johnny Cash: The Life (Deckle Edge). New York City: Little Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-19475-4. 
^ Kinchen, David (November 3, 2013). "BOOK REVIEW: 'Johnny Cash': Meticulous Attention to Facts Sets Robert Hilburn's Biography Apart". Huntington News. Retrieved December 12, 2013. 
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). "Interview: Robert Hilburn, Author Of 'Johnny Cash: The Life'". NPR. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Country Music Hall of Fame 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 
^ "RHOF Inductees with Certificates". Rockabilly Hall of Fame. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "Lifetime Honors", National Medal of Arts 
^ "Johnny Cash – Memories Shared". Songstuff. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Quotables "August 29, 2003 Justin Timberlake on Johnny Cash"". Archived from the original on April 7, 2014. Retrieved April 5, 2014. 
^ "The Winding Stream (2014)". IMDb. Retrieved November 9, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash – Cash: The Autobiography of Johnny Cash Review". SocialBookshelves.com. Retrieved July 13, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament". barnesandnoble.com. Retrieved November 24, 2014. 
^ "Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara". Retrieved September 9, 2015. 


Bibliography[edit]


Clapp, R (2008), Johnny Cash and the great American contradiction: Christianity and the battle for the soul of a nation, Louisville, KY: Westminster John Knox, ISBN 978-0-664-23657-1 .
D'Ambrosio, Antonino (2009), A Heartbeat and A Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears, Perseus Books/Nation Books, ISBN 978-1-56858-407-2 .
Gross, Terry (2006), All I Did Was Ask: Conversations with Writers, Actors, Musicians, and Artists, Hyperion, ISBN 1-4013-0010-3 .
Holmes, Cynthia S. (January 2004), "Remembering H Dale Jackson", Connect (newsletter), The CBF of Missouri, p. 2 .
Millier, William, "Awards", Johnny Cash, archived from the original on October 10, 2004, retrieved September 7, 2004 .
Miller, Stephen (2003), Johnny Cash: The Life of an American Icon, Omnibus, ISBN 0-7119-9626-1 .
Streissguth, Michael (2004), Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81338-2 .
Streissguth, Michael (2005) [2004], Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81453-2 .
Thomson, Elisabeth, "Cash, Johnny", Grove Music, Oxford Music Online, retrieved May 18, 2010 .
Turner, Stephen (2004), The Man Called Cash: The Life, Love, and Faith of an American Legend, Nashville, TN: W Publishing, ISBN 0-8499-1820-0 .
Urbanski, David (2003), The Man Comes Around: The Spiritual Journey of Johnny Cash, New York, NY: Relevant Books, ISBN 0-9729276-7-0 .


Further reading[edit]

Jonathan Silverman, Nine Choices: Johnny Cash and American Culture, Amherst: University of Massachusetts, 2010, ISBN 1-55849-826-5
Graeme Thomson, The Resurrection of Johnny Cash: Hurt, Redemption, and American Recordings, Jawbone Press, ISBN 978-1-906002-36-7
Christopher S. Wren, Johnny Cash: Winners Got Scars, Too, Abacus Editions, ISBN 0-349-13740-4
Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life, Back Bay Books, New York: Little Brown and Company, 2013, ISBN 978-0-316-19474-7(pb)

External links[edit]





Book: Johnny Cash





Find more aboutJohnny Cashat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Data from Wikidata



Official website
Sony Music's Johnny Cash website
"Inductee Johnny Cash", Candidates, Hit Parade Hall of Fame, archived from the original on January 6, 2008 .
Johnny Cash at AllMusic
Johnny Cash on IMDb
"Johnny Cash". Find a Grave. Retrieved November 30, 2013. 
Johnny Cash profile at martinguitar.com



Awards


First
None recognized before

First Amendment Center/AMA "Spirit of Americana" Free Speech Award
2002
Succeeded by
Kris Kristofferson


Preceded by
Buddy & Julie Miller
AMA Album of the Year (artist)
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn


Preceded by
Jim Lauderdale
AMA Artist of the Year
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn








v
t
e


Johnny Cash



Studio albums



With His Hot and Blue Guitar
Sings the Songs That Made Him Famous
The Fabulous Johnny Cash
Greatest!
Songs of Our Soil
Sings Hank Williams
Now, There Was a Song!
Now Here's Johnny Cash
The Sound of Johnny Cash
All Aboard the Blue Train
Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash
The Original Sun Sound of Johnny Cash
I Walk the Line
Orange Blossom Special
Everybody Loves a Nut
Happiness Is You
Old Golden Throat
More of Old Golden Throat
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash
The World of Johnny Cash
Man in Black
A Thing Called Love
Any Old Wind That Blows
Ragged Old Flag
The Junkie and the Juicehead Minus Me
John R. Cash
Look at Them Beans
One Piece at a Time
The Last Gunfighter Ballad
I Would Like to See You Again
Gone Girl
Silver
Rockabilly Blues
The Baron
The Adventures of Johnny Cash
Johnny 99
Rainbow
Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town
Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series
Water from the Wells of Home
Boom Chicka Boom
The Mystery of Life
American Recordings
Unchained
American III: Solitary Man
American IV: The Man Comes Around
Personal File
American V: A Hundred Highways
American VI: Ain't No Grave
Out Among the Stars





Concept albums



Ride This Train
Blood, Sweat and Tears
Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian
Sings the Ballads of the True West
From Sea to Shining Sea
America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song
The Johnny Cash Children's Album
The Rambler





Gospel albums



Hymns by Johnny Cash
Hymns from the Heart
The Holy Land
The Gospel Road (film soundtrack)
Sings Precious Memories
A Believer Sings the Truth
Believe in Him
Return to the Promised Land (video soundtrack)
My Mother's Hymn Book





Christmas albums



The Christmas Spirit
The Johnny Cash Family Christmas
Classic Christmas
Johnny Cash Country Christmas





Collaborations



The Lure of the Grand Canyon
Carryin' On with Johnny Cash and June Carter
Johnny Cash and His Woman
The Legend of Jesse James
The Survivors Live
Highwayman
Class of '55
Heroes
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes on Forever
VH1 Storytellers





Live albums



At Folsom Prison
At San Quentin
The Johnny Cash Show
På Österåker
Strawberry Cake
Koncert v Praze (In Prague–Live)
At Madison Square Garden
A Concert Behind Prison Walls





Non-gospel soundtracks



I Walk the Line
Little Fauss and Big Halsy





Compilations



Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
Heart of Cash
Greatest Hits, Vol. 2
Sunday Morning Coming Down
International Superstar
Five Feet High and Rising
Destination Victoria Station
Greatest Hits, Vol. 3
The Unissued Johnny Cash
Johnny & June
Tall Man
Encore
Biggest Hits
The Man in Black 1954–1958
The Man in Black 1959–1962
Come Along and Ride This Train
The Essential Johnny Cash (1992)
Wanted Man
The Man in Black 1963–1969
The Man in Black – His Greatest Hits
16 Biggest Hits
Love, God, Murder
The Essential Johnny Cash (2002)
Unearthed
The Legend
The Legend of Johnny Cash
Johnny Cash: Patriot
16 Biggest Hits: Johnny Cash & June Carter Cash
The Legend of Johnny Cash Vol. II
The Complete Columbia Album Collection





Songs



"25 Minutes to Go"
"Seasons of My Heart"
"Any Old Wind That Blows"
"The Ballad of Boot Hill"
"The Ballad of Ira Hayes"
"Ballad of a Teenage Queen"
"Big River"
"Blistered"
"A Boy Named Sue"
"Busted"
"Cat's in the Cradle"
"Cocaine Blues"
"Cry! Cry! Cry!"
"Daddy Sang Bass"
"Dark as a Dungeon"
"Don't Take Your Guns to Town"
"Engine 143"
"Flesh and Blood"
"The Folk Singer"
"Folsom Prison Blues"
"Forty Shades of Green"
"Get Rhythm"
"Goodnight, Irene"
"Green, Green Grass of Home"
"Greystone Chapel"
"Guess Things Happen That Way"
"Hey, Porter"
"Home of the Blues"
"Hurt"
"I Couldn't Keep from Crying"
"I Love You Because"
"I Still Miss Someone"
"I Walk the Line"
"If I Had a Hammer"
"If I Were a Carpenter"
"In My Life"
"In the Jailhouse Now"
"It Ain't Me Babe"
"Jackson"
"Kate"
"The Man Comes Around"
"Man in Black"
"The Matador"
"Oh Lonesome Me"
"One Piece at a Time"
"Oney"
"Orange Blossom Special"
"The One on the Right Is on the Left"
"Remember the Alamo"
"(Ghost) Riders in the Sky"
"Ring of Fire"
"Rock Island Line"
"So Doggone Lonesome"
"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down"
"Tennessee Flat Top Box"
"There Ain't No Good Chain Gang"
"A Thing Called Love"
"Understand Your Man"
"What Is Truth"
"What'd I Say"





Television



The Johnny Cash Show





Family



June Carter Cash
John Carter Cash
Rosanne Cash
Carlene Carter
Vivian Liberto
Tommy Cash
Carter Family





Related



Albums discography
Singles discography
Sun Records discography
The Highwaymen
Carter Family Fold
Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words
Cash: The Autobiography
Johnny Cash! The Man, His World, His Music
Walk the Line
We Walk the Line: A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash
Ring of Fire (2013 film)
Ring of Fire (musical)
My Father and the Man in Black
Dyess, Arkansas
The Tennessee Three






 Book










v
t
e


The Highwaymen






Johnny Cash
Waylon Jennings
Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson





Studio albums



Highwayman
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes On Forever





Singles



"Highwayman"
"Desperados Waiting for a Train"
"Silver Stallion"
"It Is What It Is"












v
t
e


Members of the Grand Ole Opry






Roy Acuff
Trace Adkins
David "Stringbean" Akeman
Bill Anderson
Jack Anglin
Eddy Arnold
Ernest Ashworth
Chet Atkins
DeFord Bailey
Bobby Bare
Bashful Brother Oswald
Humphrey Bate
Dierks Bentley
Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers
Clint Black
Margie Bowes
Rod Brasfield
Garth Brooks
Jim Ed Brown
The Browns
Carl Butler and Pearl
Archie Campbell
Bill Carlisle
Martha Carson
The Carter Sisters
Maybelle Carter
Johnny Cash
June Carter Cash
Roy Clark
Terri Clark
Zeke Clements
Patsy Cline
Jerry Clower
John Conlee
Stoney Cooper
Wilma Lee Cooper
Cowboy Copas
Dailey & Vincent
Charlie Daniels
Skeeter Davis
The Delmore Brothers
The DeZurik Sisters
Diamond Rio
Little Jimmy Dickens
Joe Diffie
Danny Dill
Jimmy Driftwood
Roy Drusky
The Duke of Paducah
Holly Dunn
The Everly Brothers
Lester Flatt
Red Foley
Curly Fox
Lefty Frizzell
Larry Gatlin
Crystal Gayle
Don Gibson
Vince Gill
Billy Grammer
Jack Greene
The Gully Jumpers
Theron Hale
Tom T. Hall
George Hamilton IV
Sid Harkreader
Emmylou Harris
Hawkshaw Hawkins
George D. Hay
Hoot Hester
Goldie Hill
David Houston
Jan Howard
Ferlin Husky
Alan Jackson
Stonewall Jackson
Sonny James
Norma Jean
Jim & Jesse
Johnnie & Jack
George Jones
Grandpa Jones
The Jordanaires
Doug Kershaw
Hal Ketchum
Bradley Kincaid
Pee Wee King
Alison Krauss
Little Big Town
Hank Locklin
Lonzo and Oscar
Bobby Lord
The Louvin Brothers
Charlie Louvin
Ira Louvin
Patty Loveless
Bob Luman
Loretta Lynn
Uncle Dave Macon
Rose Maddox
Barbara Mandrell
Kerry Marx
Martina McBride
Del McCoury
Mel McDaniel
Reba McEntire
McGee Brothers
Jesse McReynolds
Ronnie Milsap
Bill Monroe
Montgomery Gentry
Craig Morgan
George Morgan
Lorrie Morgan
Moon Mullican
Willie Nelson
Jimmy C. Newman
The Oak Ridge Boys
Old Crow Medicine Show
Osborne Brothers
Brad Paisley
Dolly Parton
Johnny Paycheck
Minnie Pearl
Stu Phillips
Webb Pierce
Ray Pillow
Ray Price
Charley Pride
Jeanne Pruett
Rascal Flatts
Del Reeves
Jim Reeves
Riders in the Sky
Tex Ritter
Marty Robbins
Darius Rucker
Johnny Russell
Rusty and Doug
Earl Scruggs
Jeannie Seely
Blake Shelton
Ricky Van Shelton
Jean Shepard
Ricky Skaggs
Mississippi Slim
Carl Smith
Connie Smith
Fiddlin' Arthur Smith
Mike Snider
Hank Snow
Red Sovine
Ralph Stanley
Marty Stuart
Texas Ruby
B. J. Thomas
Uncle Jimmy Thompson
Mel Tillis
Pam Tillis
Tompall & the Glaser Brothers
Randy Travis
Travis Tritt
Ernest Tubb
Justin Tubb
Josh Turner
Carrie Underwood
Keith Urban
Leroy Van Dyke
Porter Wagoner
Billy Walker
Charlie Walker
Steve Wariner
Kitty Wells
Dottie West
The Whites
Slim Whitman
The Wilburn Brothers
Don Williams
Hank Williams
Boxcar Willie
The Willis Brothers
Chubby Wise
Del Wood
Marion Worth
Johnnie Wright
Tammy Wynette
Trisha Yearwood
Faron Young












v
t
e


Country Music Hall of Fame 1980s






Johnny Cash (1980)
Connie B. Gay (1980)
Sons of the Pioneers (1980)
Vernon Dalhart (1981)
Grant Turner (1981)
Lefty Frizzell (1982)
Roy Horton (1982)
Marty Robbins (1982)
Little Jimmy Dickens (1983)
Ralph Peer (1984)
Floyd Tillman (1984)
Flatt and Scruggs (1985)
The Duke of Paducah (1986)
Wesley Rose (1986)
Rod Brasfield (1987)
Loretta Lynn (1988)
Roy Rogers (1988)
Jack Stapp (1989)
Cliffie Stone (1989)
Hank Thompson (1989)












v
t
e


Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album (1980s)






1980
John Gielgud - Ages of Man - Readings From Shakespeare
1981
Pat Carroll - Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein
1982
Orson Welles - Donovan's Brain
1983
Tom Voegeli (producer) - Raiders of the Lost Ark - The Movie on Record performed by various artists
1984
William Warfield - Lincoln Portrait
1985
Ben Kingsley - The Words of Gandhi
1986
Mike Berniker (producer) & the original Broadway cast - Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
1987
Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chips Moman, Ricky Nelson, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins, Sam Phillips - Interviews From the Class of '55 Recording Sessions
1988
Garrison Keillor - Lake Wobegon Days
1989
Jesse Jackson - Speech by Rev. Jesse Jackson









Complete list
(1959 & 1960s)
(1970s)
(1980s)
(1990s)
(2000s)
(2010s)













v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1990s)



1990



Dizzy Gillespie
Katharine Hepburn
Risë Stevens
Jule Styne
Billy Wilder





1991



Roy Acuff
Betty Comden and Adolph Green
Fayard and Harold Nicholas
Gregory Peck
Robert Shaw





1992



Lionel Hampton
Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
Ginger Rogers
Mstislav Rostropovich
Paul Taylor





1993



Johnny Carson
Arthur Mitchell
Sir Georg Solti
Stephen Sondheim
Marion Williams





1994



Kirk Douglas
Aretha Franklin
Morton Gould
Harold Prince
Pete Seeger





1995



Jacques d'Amboise
Marilyn Horne
B.B. King
Sidney Poitier
Neil Simon





1996



Edward Albee
Benny Carter
Johnny Cash
Jack Lemmon
Maria Tallchief





1997



Lauren Bacall
Bob Dylan
Charlton Heston
Jessye Norman
Edward Villella





1998



Bill Cosby
Fred Ebb and John Kander
Willie Nelson
André Previn
Shirley Temple Black





1999



Victor Borge
Sean Connery
Judith Jamison
Jason Robards
Stevie Wonder








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1992



Performers



Bobby Bland
Booker T. & the M.G.'s (Steve Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Al Jackson Jr., Booker T. Jones, Lewie Steinberg)
Johnny Cash
The Isley Brothers (Ernie Isley, Marvin Isley, O'Kelly Isley Jr., Ronald Isley, Rudolph Isley, Chris Jasper)
The Jimi Hendrix Experience (Jimi Hendrix, Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding)
Sam & Dave (Sam Moore, Dave Prater)
The Yardbirds (Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Chris Dreja, Jim McCarty, Jimmy Page, Keith Relf, Paul Samwell-Smith)





Early influences



Elmore James
Professor Longhair





Non-performers
(Ahmet Ertegun Award)



Leo Fender
Bill Graham
Doc Pomus









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 27251336
LCCN: n79018367
ISNI: 0000 0001 0882 3456
GND: 118519433
SELIBR: 182765
SUDOC: 077442083
BNF: cb13892236v (data)
BIBSYS: 90131809
MusicBrainz: d43d12a1-2dc9-4257-a2fd-0a3bb1081b86
NLA: 35853535
NKC: jn19990001359
BNE: XX881565










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnny_Cash&oldid=792513053"					
Categories: Johnny Cash1932 births2003 deaths20th-century American singers21st-century American singersMale actors from ArkansasAmerican autobiographersAmerican bass-baritonesAmerican country guitaristsAmerican country singersAmerican country singer-songwritersAmerican folk guitaristsAmerican folk singersAmerican male film actorsAmerican male singersAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican performers of Christian musicAmerican ChristiansAmerican acoustic guitaristsAmerican male guitaristsBurials in TennesseeCash–Carter familyCharly Records artistsColumbia Records artistsCountry Music Hall of Fame inducteesCountry musicians from ArkansasDeaths from diabetesDisease-related deaths in TennesseeGrammy Award winnersGrammy Legend AwardGrammy Lifetime Achievement Award winnersGrand Ole Opry membersKennedy Center honoreesMembers of the Country Music AssociationNative Americans' rights activistsPeople from Cleveland County, ArkansasMusicians from Nashville, TennesseePeople from Hendersonville, TennesseePeople from Sumner County, TennesseeRock and roll musiciansRock and Roll Hall of Fame inducteesSun Records artistsThe Highwaymen (country supergroup) membersTennessee DemocratsUnited States Air Force airmenGuitarists from ArkansasGuitarists from TennesseePeople from ArkansasGospel singersHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse mdy dates from November 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2012Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2014Articles with unsourced statements from May 2017Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaChavacano de ZamboangaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschDolnoserbskiEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺한국어HawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTsetsêhestâheseTürkçeУкраїнськаVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 23:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnny Cash - Wikipedia






















 






Johnny Cash

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the singer. For other uses, see Johnny Cash (disambiguation).


Johnny Cash



Cash in 1969



Born
J. R. Cash
(1932-02-26)February 26, 1932
Kingsland, Arkansas, U.S.A.


Died
September 12, 2003(2003-09-12) (aged 71)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A.


Cause of death
Diabetes mellitus


Resting place
Hendersonville Memory Gardens


Occupation



Singer-songwriter
guitarist
actor
author





Years active
1954–2003


Spouse(s)



Vivian Liberto
(m. 1954; div. 1966)
June Carter
(m. 1968; her death 2003)





Children
5, including Rosanne and John Carter


Website
johnnycash.com


Military career


Allegiance
United States


Service/branch
United States Air Force


Years of service
1950–1954


Rank
 Staff sergeant


Unit
12th Radio Squadron Mobile





Musical career


Genres



Country
rock and roll
folk
gospel





Instruments



Vocals
acoustic guitar





Labels



Sun
Columbia
Mercury
American
House of Cash
Legacy





Associated acts



The Tennessee Three
The Highwaymen
June Carter Cash
The Statler Brothers
The Carter Family
Waylon Jennings
Bob Dylan
Willie Nelson
Kris Kristofferson





Notable instruments





Martin Acoustic Guitars[1]
1943 Martin D28
Martin D35








John R. Cash (born J. R. Cash; February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author.[2] He is widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century and is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 90 million records worldwide.[3][4] Although primarily remembered as a country music icon, his genre-spanning songs and sound embraced rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of multiple inductions in the Country Music, Rock and Roll, and Gospel Music Halls of Fame.
Cash was known for his deep, calm bass-baritone voice,[a][6] the distinctive sound of his Tennessee Three backing band, which is characterized by train-sound guitar rhythms; a rebelliousness[7][8] coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor,[5] free prison concerts,[9][10] and a trademark, all-black stage wardrobe, which earned him the nickname "The Man in Black."[b] He traditionally began his concerts by simply introducing himself, "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash,"[c] followed by his signature "Folsom Prison Blues".
Much of Cash's music contained themes of sorrow, moral tribulation, and redemption, especially in the latter stages of his career.[5][13] His signature songs include "I Walk the Line", "Folsom Prison Blues", "Ring of Fire", "Get Rhythm", and "Man in Black". He also recorded humorous numbers like "One Piece at a Time" and "A Boy Named Sue"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called "Jackson" (followed by many further duets after their marriage); and railroad songs including "Hey, Porter", "Orange Blossom Special" and "Rock Island Line".[14] During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Military service
3 Marriages and family
4 Career

4.1 Early career
4.2 Outlaw image
4.3 Folsom and other prison concerts
4.4 Activism for Native Americans
4.5 "The Man in Black"
4.6 Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records
4.7 American Recordings


5 Last years
6 Death
7 Religious beliefs
8 Legacy

8.1 Portrayals


9 Awards and honors
10 Discography
11 Filmography
12 Published works
13 Notes
14 References

14.1 Bibliography


15 Further reading
16 External links



Early life[edit]
J. R. Cash was born on February 26, 1932 in Kingsland, Arkansas,[15][16] born to Ray Cash (May 13, 1897 in Kingsland, Arkansas – December 23, 1985 in Hendersonville, Tennessee) and Carrie Cloveree (née Rivers; March 13, 1904 in Rison, Arkansas – March 11, 1991 in Hendersonville, Tennessee). He was one of seven children, who were in birth order: Roy, Margaret Louise, Jack, J. R., Reba, Joanne, and Tommy (who also became a successful country artist).[17][18]He was primarily of English and Scottish descent,[19][20][21] and as an adult traced his surname to 11th-century Fife after meeting with the then-laird of Falkland, Major Michael Crichton-Stuart.[22][23][24] Cash Loch and other locations in Fife bear the name of his family.[22]
At birth, Cash was named J. R. Cash.[25] When Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force, he was not permitted to use initials as a first name,[citation needed] so he changed his name to John R. Cash. In 1955, when signing with Sun Records, he took Johnny Cash as his stage name.[8]
In March 1935, when Cash was three years old, the family settled in Dyess, Arkansas, a New Deal Colony intended to give poor families a chance to start over with land that they could work toward owning. J.R. started working in cotton fields at the age of five, singing along with his family while working. The family farm was flooded on at least two occasions, which later inspired him to write the song "Five Feet High and Rising".[26][page needed] His family's economic and personal struggles during the Great Depression inspired many of his songs, especially those about other people facing similar difficulties.
Cash was very close to his older brother, Jack.[27] In May 1944, Jack was pulled into a whirling head saw in the mill where he worked and was almost cut in two. He suffered for over a week before he died on May 20, 1944, at the age of 15.[26][page needed] Cash often spoke of the horrible guilt he felt over this incident. According to Cash: The Autobiography, his father was away that morning, but he and his mother, and Jack himself, all had premonitions or a sense of foreboding about that day, causing his mother to urge Jack to skip work and go fishing with his brother. Jack insisted on working, as the family needed the money. On his deathbed, Jack said he had visions of Heaven and angels. Decades later, Cash spoke of looking forward to meeting his brother in Heaven.[8]
Cash's early memories were dominated by gospel music and radio. Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend, Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve. When Cash was young, he had a high tenor voice, before becoming a bass-baritone.[28] In high school, he sang on a local radio station; decades later he released an album of traditional gospel songs, called My Mother's Hymn Book. He was also significantly influenced by traditional Irish music that he heard performed weekly by Dennis Day on the Jack Benny radio program.[29][page needed]
Military service[edit]
Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force on July 7, 1950.[30] After basic training at Lackland Air Force Base and technical training at Brooks Air Force Base, both in San Antonio, Texas, Cash was assigned to the 12th Radio Squadron Mobile of the U.S. Air Force Security Service at Landsberg, Germany as a Morse Code operator intercepting Soviet Army transmissions.[31] It was there he created his first band, named "The Landsberg Barbarians".[32] He was honorably discharged as a staff sergeant on July 3, 1954, and returned to Texas.[33] During his military service, he acquired a distinctive scar on the right side of his jaw as a result of surgery to remove a cyst.[34][35]
Marriages and family[edit]
On July 18, 1951, while in Air Force training, Cash met 17-year-old Vivian Liberto at a roller skating rink in her native San Antonio. They dated for three weeks until Cash was deployed to Germany for a three-year tour. During that time, the couple exchanged hundreds of pages of love letters.[36] On August 7, 1954, one month after his discharge, they were married at St. Ann's Roman Catholic Church in San Antonio. The ceremony was performed by her uncle, Father Vincent Liberto. They had four daughters: Rosanne, Kathy, Cindy, and Tara. Liberto stated that Cash's drug and alcohol abuse, as well as constant touring, affairs with other women, and his close relationship with June Carter led her to file for divorce in 1966.
Cash met June Carter, of the famed Carter Family while on tour and became infatuated, as did she. In 1968, 13 years after they first met backstage at the Grand Ole Opry, Cash proposed to June, during a live performance in London, Ontario.[37] The couple married on March 1, 1968, in Franklin, Kentucky. They had one child together, John Carter Cash, born March 3, 1970. Cash and Carter continued to work, raise their children, create music, and tour together for 35 years until June's death in May 2003. Throughout their marriage June attempted to keep Cash off of amphetamines, often taking his drugs and flushing them down the toilet. June remained with Johnny throughout multiple rehab visits and years of drug abuse. After June's passing, Cash believed that his only reason for living was his music.[38] Cash died four months later.[8]
Career[edit]
Early career[edit]




Publicity photo for Sun Records


In 1954, Cash and Vivian moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he sold appliances while studying to be a radio announcer. At night he played with guitarist Luther Perkins and bassist Marshall Grant. Perkins and Grant were known as the Tennessee Two. Cash worked up the courage to visit the Sun Records studio, hoping to get a recording contract. After auditioning for Sam Phillips, singing mostly gospel songs, Phillips told him that he didn't record gospel music any longer. It was once rumored that Phillips told Cash to "go home and sin, then come back with a song I can sell", although in a 2002 interview Cash denied that Phillips made any such comment.[39] Cash eventually won over the producer with new songs delivered in his early rockabilly style. In 1955, Cash made his first recordings at Sun, "Hey Porter" and "Cry! Cry! Cry!", which were released in late June and met with success on the country hit parade.
On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley dropped in on Phillips while Carl Perkins was in the studio cutting new tracks, with Jerry Lee Lewis backing him on piano. Cash was also in the studio and the four started an impromptu jam session. Phillips left the tapes running and the recordings, almost half of which were gospel songs, survived and have since been released under the title Million Dollar Quartet. In Cash: the Autobiography, Cash wrote that he was the one farthest from the microphone and was singing in a higher pitch to blend in with Elvis.
Cash's next record, "Folsom Prison Blues", made the country Top 5, and "I Walk the Line" became No. 1 on the country charts and entered the pop charts Top 20. "Home of the Blues" followed, recorded in July 1957. That same year Cash became the first Sun artist to release a long-playing album. Although he was Sun's most consistently selling and prolific artist at that time, Cash felt constrained by his contract with the small label partly due to the fact that Phillips wasn't keen on Johnny recording gospel, and he was getting only a 3% royalty as opposed to the standard rate of 5%. Presley had already left Sun, and Phillips was focusing most of his attention and promotion on Lewis. The following year, Cash left the label to sign a lucrative offer with Columbia Records, where his single "Don't Take Your Guns to Town" became one of his biggest hits and his second album for Columbia was a collection of gospel songs. However, Cash left behind a sufficient backlog of recordings with Sun that Phillips continued to release new singles and even albums featuring previously unreleased material until as late as 1964, placing Cash in the unusual position of having new releases out on two labels concurrently, with one 1960 release, a cover of "Oh Lonesome Me" making as high as No. 13 on the C&W charts. (As opposed to when RCA Victor signed Presley and also bought his Sun Records masters, when Cash departed for Columbia, Phillips retained the rights to Cash's Sun masters; Columbia eventually licensed some of these recordings for release on compilations after Cash's death.)




The Tennessee Three with Cash in 1963.


Early in his career, he was given the teasing nickname The Undertaker by fellow artists because of his habit of wearing black clothes – though he did so only because they were easier to keep looking clean on long tours.[40]
In the early 1960s, Cash toured with the Carter Family, which by this time regularly included Mother Maybelle's daughters, Anita, June, and Helen. June later recalled admiring him from afar during these tours. In the 1960s, he appeared on Pete Seeger's short-lived television series Rainbow Quest.[41] He also acted in and wrote and sang the opening theme for a 1961 film entitled Five Minutes to Live, later re-released as Door-to-door Maniac.
Cash's career was handled by Saul Holiff, a London, Ontario, promoter, and this relationship was the subject of Saul's son's biopic My Father and the Man in Black.[42]
Outlaw image[edit]
As his career was taking off in the late 1950s, Cash started drinking heavily and became addicted to amphetamines and barbiturates. For a brief time, he shared an apartment in Nashville with Waylon Jennings, who was heavily addicted to amphetamines. Cash used the uppers to stay awake during tours. Friends joked about his "nervousness" and erratic behavior, many ignoring the warning signs of his worsening drug addiction.
Although he was in many ways spiraling out of control, Cash's frenetic creativity was still delivering hits. His rendition of "Ring of Fire" was a crossover hit, reaching No. 1 on the country charts and entering the Top 20 on the pop charts. It was originally performed by June's sister, but the signature mariachi-style horn arrangement was provided by Cash,[43] who said that it had come to him in a dream. Vivian Liberto claimed a different version of the origins of "Ring of Fire." In her book, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, Liberto states that Cash gave Carter the credit for monetary reasons.[44]
In June 1965, his camper caught fire during a fishing trip with his nephew Damon Fielder in Los Padres National Forest in California, triggering a forest fire that burnt several hundred acres and nearly killed Cash.[45][46] Cash claimed that the fire was caused by sparks from a defective exhaust system on his camper, but Fielder thinks that Cash started a fire to stay warm and in his drugged condition failed to notice the fire getting out of control.[47][page needed] When the judge asked Cash why he did it, Cash said, "I didn't do it, my truck did, and it's dead, so you can't question it."[26][page needed] The fire destroyed 508 acres (206 ha), burning the foliage off three mountains and driving off forty-nine of the refuge's 53 endangered condors.[48] Cash was unrepentant and claimed, "I don't care about your damn yellow buzzards." The federal government sued him and was awarded $125,172. Cash eventually settled the case and paid $82,001.[49] He said he was the only person ever sued by the government for starting a forest fire.[26][page needed]
Although Cash carefully cultivated a romantic outlaw image, he never served a prison sentence. Despite landing in jail seven times for misdemeanors, each stay lasted only a single night. His most infamous run-in with the law occurred while on tour in 1965, when he was arrested October 4 by a narcotics squad in El Paso, Texas. The officers suspected he was smuggling heroin from Mexico, but found instead 688 Dexedrine capsules (amphetamines) and 475 Equanil (sedatives or tranquilizers) tablets that the singer had hidden inside his guitar case. Because the pills were prescription drugs rather than illegal narcotics, he received a suspended sentence.




Johnny Cash and his second wife, June Carter


Cash had also been arrested on May 11, 1965, in Starkville, Mississippi, for trespassing late at night onto private property to pick flowers. (This incident gave the spark for the song "Starkville City Jail", which he discussed on his live At San Quentin album.)[50] In the mid-1960s, Cash released a number of concept albums, including Sings the Ballads of the True West (1965), an experimental double record mixing authentic frontier songs with Cash's spoken narration, and Bitter Tears (1964), with songs highlighting the plight of the Native Americans. His drug addiction was at its worst at this point, and his destructive behavior led to a divorce from his first wife and canceled performances. Nonetheless, he continued to find success and in 1967, Cash's duet with June Carter, "Jackson," won a Grammy Award.[51]
Cash's final arrest was in 1967 in Walker County, Georgia, after being involved in a car accident while carrying a bag of prescription pills. Cash attempted to bribe a local deputy, who turned the money down; Cash then spent the night in a LaFayette, Georgia, jail. The singer was released after a long talk with Sheriff Ralph Jones, who warned him of his dangerous behavior and wasted potential. Cash credited that experience for saving his life, and he later came back to LaFayette to play a benefit concert that attracted 12,000 people (the city population was less than 9,000 at the time) and raised $75,000 for the high school.[52] Reflecting on his past in a 1997 interview, Cash noted: "I was taking the pills for awhile, and then the pills started taking me."[53]
Cash curtailed his use of drugs for several years in 1968, after a spiritual epiphany in the Nickajack Cave, when he attempted to commit suicide while under the heavy influence of drugs. He descended deeper into the cave, trying to lose himself and "just die," when he passed out on the floor. He reported being exhausted and feeling at the end of his rope when he felt God's presence in his heart and managed to struggle out of the cave (despite the exhaustion) by following a faint light and slight breeze. To him, it was his own rebirth. June, Maybelle, and Ezra Carter moved into Cash's mansion for a month to help him conquer his addiction. Cash proposed onstage to June at a concert at the London Gardens in London, Ontario, Canada, on February 22, 1968; the couple married a week later (on March 1) in Franklin, Kentucky. She had agreed to marry Cash after he had "cleaned up."[54]
He rediscovered his Christian faith, taking an "altar call" in Evangel Temple, a small church in the Nashville area, pastored by Reverend Jimmie Rodgers Snow, son of country music legend Hank Snow. According to longtime friend Marshall Grant, Cash's 1968 rebirth experience did not result in his completely stopping use of amphetamines. However, beginning in 1970, Cash ended all drug use for a period of seven years. Grant claims that the birth of Cash's son, John Carter Cash inspired Cash to end his dependence. Cash began using amphetamines again in 1977. By 1983, he was once again addicted and entered the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, California for rehabilitation. Cash managed to stay off drugs for several years, but by 1989, he was dependent again and entered Nashville's Cumberland Heights Alcohol and Drug Treatment Center. In 1992, he entered the Loma Linda Behavioral Medicine Center in Loma Linda, California, for his final rehabilitation (several months later, his son followed him into this facility for treatment).[55][56][57]
Folsom and other prison concerts[edit]
Cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s. He played his first famous prison concert on January 1, 1958, at San Quentin State Prison.[58] These performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums, Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison (1968) and Johnny Cash at San Quentin (1969). Both live albums reached number 1 on Billboard country album music and the latter crossed over to reach the top of the Billboard pop album chart. In 1969 Cash became an international hit when he eclipsed even the Beatles by selling 6.5 million albums.[59] In comparison, the prison concerts were much more successful than his later live albums such as Strawberry Cake recorded in London and Live at Madison Square Garden, which peaked at #33 and #39 on the album charts respectively.
The Folsom Prison record was introduced by a rendition of his "Folsom Prison Blues," while the San Quentin record included the crossover hit single "A Boy Named Sue," a Shel Silverstein-penned novelty song that reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 2 on the U.S. Top Ten pop charts. The AM versions of the latter contained profanities which were edited out. The modern CD versions are unedited and thus also longer than the original vinyl albums, though they retain the audience reaction overdubs of the originals.
Cash performed at the Österåker Prison in Sweden in 1972. The live album På Österåker ("At Österåker") was released in 1973. "San Quentin" was recorded with Cash replacing "San Quentin" with "Österåker". In 1976, a further prison concert, this time at Tennessee Prison, was videotaped for TV broadcast and received a belated CD release after Cash's death as A Concert Behind Prison Walls.
Activism for Native Americans[edit]
In 1965, Cash and June Carter appeared on Pete Seeger's TV show, Rainbow Quest, on which Cash explained his start as an activist for Native Americans:

In '57, I wrote a song called 'Old Apache Squaw' and then forgot the so-called Indian protest for a while, but nobody else seemed to speak up with any volume of voice.[60]

Columbia, the label for which Cash was recording then, was opposed to putting the song on his next album, considering it "too radical for the public".[61] Cash singing songs of Indian tragedy and settler violence went radically against the mainstream of country music in the 1950s, which was dominated by the image of the righteous cowboy who simply makes the native's soil his own.[62]
In 1964, coming off the chart success that his previous album "I Walk The Line" had been, he recorded the aforementioned album Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian.
The album featured stories of a multitude of native peoples, mostly of their violent oppression by white settlers: The Pima ("The Ballad of Ira Hayes"), Navajo ("Navajo"), Apache ("Apache Tears"), Lakota ("Big Foot"), Seneca ("As Long as the Grass Shall Grow"), and Cherokee ("Talking Leaves"). Cash wrote three of the songs himself and one with the help of Johnny Horton, but the majority of the protest songs were written by folk artist Peter La Farge[63] (son of activist and Pulitzer prizewinner Oliver La Farge), whom Cash met in New York in the 1960s and whom he admired for his activism.[64] The album's single, "The Ballad of Ira Hayes," was neglected by non-political radio at the time, and the record label denied it any promotion due to its provocative protesting and thus "unappealing" nature.[65] Cash faced resistance and was even urged by an editor of a country music magazine to leave the Country Music Association: "You and your crowd are just too intelligent to associate with plain country folks, country artists, and country DJs."[66]
In reaction, on August 22, 1964, the singer posted a letter as an advertisement in Billboard Magazine, calling the record industry cowardly. "D.J.s – station managers – owners ... where are your guts?" he demands. "I had to fight back when I realized that so many stations are afraid of Ira Hayes. Just one question: WHY???" He concludes the letter, "Ira Hayes is strong medicine ... So is Rochester, Harlem, Birmingham and Vietnam." [67] Cash kept promoting the song himself and used his influence on radio disc jockeys he knew eventually to make the song climb to number three on the country charts, while the album rose to number two on the album charts.[66]




Cash in 1969


Later, on The Johnny Cash Show, he continued telling stories of Native-American plight, both in song and through short films, such as the history of the Trail of Tears.[68]
In 1966, in response to his activism, the singer was adopted by the Seneca Nation's Turtle Clan. He performed benefits in 1968 at the Rosebud Reservation, close to the historical landmark of the massacre at Wounded Knee, to raise money to help build a school. He also played at the D-Q University in the 1980s.[69]
In 1970, Cash recording a reading of John G. Burnett's 1890 80th birthday essay [70] on Cherokee removal for the Historical Landmarks Association (Nashville).[71]
"The Man in Black"[edit]




Cash advocated prison reform at his July 1972 meeting with United States President Richard Nixon


From 1969 to 1971, Cash starred in his own television show, The Johnny Cash Show, on the ABC network. The Statler Brothers opened up for him in every episode; the Carter Family and rockabilly legend Carl Perkins were also part of the regular show entourage. Cash also enjoyed booking mainstream performers as guests; including Neil Young, Louis Armstrong, Neil Diamond, Kenny Rogers and The First Edition (who appeared four times), James Taylor, Ray Charles, Roger Miller, Roy Orbison, Derek and the Dominos, and Bob Dylan. During the same period, he contributed the title song and other songs to the film Little Fauss and Big Halsey, which starred Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, and Lauren Hutton. The title song, "The Ballad of Little Fauss and Big Halsey," written by Carl Perkins, was nominated for a Golden Globe award.[72]
Cash had met with Dylan in the mid-1960s and became closer friends when they were neighbors in the late 1960s in Woodstock, New York. Cash was enthusiastic about reintroducing the reclusive Dylan to his audience. Cash sang a duet with Dylan on Dylan's country album Nashville Skyline and also wrote the album's Grammy-winning liner notes.
Another artist who received a major career boost from The Johnny Cash Show was Kris Kristofferson, who was beginning to make a name for himself as a singer-songwriter. During a live performance of Kristofferson's "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down," Cash refused to change the lyrics to suit network executives, singing the song with its references to marijuana intact:


On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishin', Lord, that I was stoned.[73]


By the early 1970s, he had crystallized his public image as "The Man in Black." He regularly performed dressed all in black, wearing a long black knee-length coat. This outfit stood in contrast to the costumes worn by most of the major country acts in his day: rhinestone suits and cowboy boots. In 1971, Cash wrote the song "Man in Black," to help explain his dress code:


We're doing mighty fine I do suppose
In our streak of lightning cars and fancy clothes
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back
Up front there ought to be a man in black.






Cash performing in Bremen, West Germany, in September 1972


He wore 'black' on behalf of the poor and hungry, on behalf of "the prisoner who has long paid for his crime," and on behalf of those who have been betrayed by age or drugs.[74] "And," Cash added, "with the Vietnam War as painful in my mind as it was in most other Americans, I wore it 'in mournin' for the lives that could have been' ... Apart from the Vietnam War being over, I don't see much reason to change my position ... The old are still neglected, the poor are still poor, the young are still dying before their time, and we're not making many moves to make things right. There's still plenty of darkness to carry off."[74]




Cash in the "one piece at a time" Cadillac


He and his band had initially worn black shirts because that was the only matching color they had among their various outfits. He wore other colors on stage early in his career, but he claimed to like wearing black both on and off stage. He stated that political reasons aside, he simply liked black as his on-stage color.[26][page needed] The outdated US Navy's winter blue uniform used to be referred to by sailors as "Johnny Cashes," as the uniform's shirt, tie, and trousers are solid black.[75]
In the mid-1970s, Cash's popularity and number of hit songs began to decline. He made commercials for Amoco and STP, an unpopular enterprise at the time of the 1970s energy crisis. In 1976 he made commercials for Lionel Trains, for which he also wrote the music.[76] However, his first autobiography, Man in Black, was published in 1975 and sold 1.3 million copies. A second, Cash: The Autobiography, appeared in 1997.
His friendship with Billy Graham [77] led to the production of a film about the life of Jesus, The Gospel Road, which Cash co-wrote and narrated. Cash and June Carter Cash appeared several times on the Billy Graham Crusade TV specials, and Cash continued to include gospel and religious songs on many of his albums, though Columbia declined to release A Believer Sings the Truth, a gospel double-LP Cash recorded in 1979 and which ended up being released on an independent label even with Cash still under contract to Columbia. On November 22, 1974, CBS ran his one-hour TV special entitled "Riding The Rails", a musical history of trains.
He continued to appear on television, hosting Christmas specials on CBS in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Later television appearances included a starring role in an episode of Columbo, entitled "Swan Song". He and June appeared in an episode of Little House on the Prairie, entitled "The Collection". He gave a performance as John Brown in the 1985 American Civil War television mini-series North and South. Johnny and June also appeared in Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman in recurring roles.[72]
He was friendly with every US President starting with Richard Nixon. He was closest to Jimmy Carter, with whom he became close friends and who was a distant cousin of his wife, June Carter Cash.[26]
When invited to perform at the White House for the first time in 1970,[78] Richard Nixon's office requested that he play "Okie from Muskogee" (a satirical Merle Haggard song about people who despised youthful drug users and war protesters), "Welfare Cadillac" (a Guy Drake song which denies the integrity of welfare recipients), and "A Boy Named Sue." Cash declined to play the first two and instead selected other songs, including "The Ballad of Ira Hayes" (about a brave Native American World War II veteran who was mistreated upon his return to Arizona), and his own compositions, "What Is Truth" and "Man in Black". Cash wrote that the reasons for denying Nixon's song choices were not knowing them and having fairly short notice to rehearse them, rather than any political reason.[26][page needed] However, Cash added, even if Nixon's office had given Cash enough time to learn and rehearse the songs, their choice of pieces that conveyed "anti-hippie and anti-black" sentiments might have backfired.[79] In his remarks when introducing Cash, Nixon joked that one thing he'd learned about the singer was one didn't tell him what to sing.[80]
. Johnny Cash was the Grand Marshal of the United States Bicentennial parade.[81]. He wore a shirt from Nudie Cohn which sold for $25,000 in auction in 2010. [82] After the parade he gave a concert at the Washington monument. [83]
Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records[edit]




The Highwaymen members Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson


In 1980, Cash became the Country Music Hall of Fame's youngest living inductee at age 48. But during the 1980s, his records failed to make a major impact on the country charts, although he continued to tour successfully. In the mid-1980s, he recorded and toured with Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson as The Highwaymen, making three hit albums which were released beginning with the originally titled "Highwaymen" in 1985, followed by "Highwaymen 2" in 1990, and concluding with "Highwaymen – The Road Goes on forever" in 1995.
During that period, Cash appeared in a number of television films. In 1981, he starred in The Pride of Jesse Hallam, winning fine reviews for a film that called attention to adult illiteracy. In the same year, Cash appeared as a "very special guest star" in an episode of the Muppet Show. In 1983, he appeared as a heroic sheriff in Murder in Coweta County, based on a real-life Georgia murder case, which co-starred Andy Griffith as his nemesis and featured June Carter in a small but important role. Cash had tried for years to make the film, for which he won acclaim.[72]
Cash relapsed into addiction after being administered painkillers for a serious abdominal injury in 1983 caused by an unusual incident in which he was kicked and wounded by an ostrich he kept on his farm.[84]
At a hospital visit in 1988, this time to watch over Waylon Jennings (who was recovering from a heart attack), Jennings suggested that Cash has himself checked into the hospital for his own heart condition. Doctors recommended preventive heart surgery, and Cash underwent double bypass surgery in the same hospital. Both recovered, although Cash refused to use any prescription painkillers, fearing a relapse into dependency. Cash later claimed that during his operation, he had what is called a "near death experience".
Cash's recording career and his general relationship with the Nashville establishment were at an all-time low in the 1980s. He realized that his record label of nearly 30 years, Columbia, was growing indifferent to him and was not properly marketing him (he was "invisible" during that time, as he said in his autobiography).
 In 1984, Cash released a self-parody recording titled "Chicken in Black," about Cash's brain being transplanted into a chicken and Cash receiving a bank robber's brain in return. Biographer Robert Hilburn, in the 2013-published Johnny Cash: The Life disputes the claim made that Cash chose to record an intentionally poor song in protest of Columbia's treatment of him. On the contrary, Hilburn writes, it was Columbia that presented Cash with the song, which Cash – who had previously scored major chart hits with comedic material such as "A Boy Named Sue" and "One Piece at a Time" – accepted enthusiastically, performing the song live on stage and filming a comedic music video in which he dresses up in a superhero-like bank robber costume. According to Hilburn, Cash's enthusiasm for the song waned after Waylon Jennings told Cash he looked "like a buffoon" in the music video (which was showcased during Cash's 1984 Christmas TV special), and Cash subsequently demanded that Columbia withdraw the music video from broadcast and recall the single from stores—interrupting its bona fide chart success—and termed the venture "a fiasco."[85]
Between 1981 and 1984, he recorded several sessions with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill (who also produced "Chicken in Black") which were shelved; they would be released by Columbia's sister label, Legacy Recordings, in 2014 as Out Among the Stars.[86] Around this time, Cash also recorded an album of gospel recordings that ended up being released by another label around the time of his departure from Columbia (this due to Columbia closing down its Priority Records division that was to have released the recordings).
After more unsuccessful recordings were released in 1984–85, Cash left Columbia (At least as a solo artist; he continued to record for Columbia on non-solo projects until as late as 1990, recording a duets album with Waylon Jennings and two albums as a member of The Highwaymen.)
In 1986, Cash returned to Sun Studios in Memphis to team up with Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins to create the album Class of '55; according to Hilburn, Columbia still had Cash under contract at the time, so special arrangements had to be made to allow him to participate.[87] Also in 1986, Cash published his only novel, Man in White, a book about Saul and his conversion to become the Apostle Paul. He recorded Johnny Cash Reads The Complete New Testament in 1990.
American Recordings[edit]




Johnny Cash sings a duet with a Navy lieutenant c. 1987


After Columbia Records dropped Cash from his recording contract, he had a short and unsuccessful stint with Mercury Records from 1987 to 1991. During this time, he recorded an album of new versions of some of his best-known Sun and Columbia hits, as well as Water from the Wells of Home, a duets album that paired him with, among others, his children Rosanne Cash and John Carter Cash, as well as Paul McCartney. A one-off Christmas album recorded for Delta Records followed his Mercury contract.
His career was rejuvenated in the 1990s, leading to popularity with an audience which was not traditionally considered interested in country music. In 1991, he sang a version of "Man in Black" for the Christian punk band One Bad Pig's album I Scream Sunday. In 1993, he sang "The Wanderer" on U2's album Zooropa which was the closing track. According to Rolling Stone writer, Adam Gold,"The Wanderer" – written for Cash by Bono, "defies both the U2 and Cash canons, combining rhythmic and textural elements of Nineties synth-pop with a Countrypolitan lament fit for the closing credits of a Seventies western." [88].
Although no longer sought after by major labels, he was offered a contract with producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings label, which had recently been rebranded from Def American, under which name it was better known for rap and hard rock. Under Rubin's supervision, he recorded American Recordings (1994) in his living room, accompanied only by his Martin Dreadnought guitar – one of many Cash played throughout his career.[89] The album featured covers of contemporary artists selected by Rubin including "Down There by the Train" by Tom Waits. The album had a great deal of critical and commercial success, winning a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Cash wrote that his reception at the 1994 Glastonbury Festival was one of the highlights of his career. This was the beginning of a decade of music industry accolades and commercial success. He teamed up with Brooks & Dunn to contribute "Folsom Prison Blues" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Country produced by the Red Hot Organization. On the same album, he performed the Bob Dylan favorite "Forever Young."
Cash and his wife appeared on a number of episodes of the television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. He also lent his voice for a cameo role in The Simpsons episode "El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)", as the "Space Coyote" that guides Homer Simpson on a spiritual quest.[72]
In 1996, Cash enlisted the accompaniment of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and released Unchained (also known as American Recordings II), which won the Best Country Album Grammy in 1998. The album was produced by Rick Rubin with Sylvia Massy engineering and mixing. A majority of "Unchained" was recorded at Sound City Studios and featured guest appearances by Lindsay Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, and Marty Stuart. Believing he did not explain enough of himself in his 1975 autobiography Man in Black, he wrote Cash: The Autobiography in 1997.
Last years[edit]




Cash's original grave (top) and the Cash/Carter memorial


In 1997, Cash was diagnosed with the neurodegenerative disease Shy–Drager syndrome, a form of multiple system atrophy; according to biographer Robert Hilburn, the disease was originally misdiagnosed as Parkinson's disease, and Cash even announced to a concert audience that he had Parkinson's during a show in Flint, Michigan, on October 25, 1997, after he nearly collapsed on stage; soon after his diagnosis was changed to Shy–Drager and Cash was told he had approximately 18 months to live.[90] The diagnosis was later again altered to autonomic neuropathy associated with diabetes. The illness forced Cash to curtail his touring. He was hospitalized in 1998 with severe pneumonia, which damaged his lungs.
During the last stage of his career, Cash released the albums American III: Solitary Man (2000) and American IV: The Man Comes Around (2002). American IV included cover songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.[91] Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails commented that he was initially skeptical about Cash's plan to cover "Hurt", but was later impressed and moved by the rendition.[92] The video for "Hurt" received critical and popular acclaim.[93][94]
June Carter Cash died on May 15, 2003, at the age of 73.[95] June had told Cash to keep working, so he continued to record, completing 60 more songs in the last four months of his life, and even performed a couple of surprise shows at the Carter Family Fold outside Bristol, Virginia. At the July 5, 2003, concert (his last public performance), before singing "Ring of Fire", Cash read a statement about his late wife that he had written shortly before taking the stage:

The spirit of June Carter overshadows me tonight with the love she had for me and the love I have for her. We connect somewhere between here and Heaven. She came down for a short visit, I guess, from Heaven to visit with me tonight to give me courage and inspiration like she always has.

Cash continued to record until shortly before his death. His final recordings were made on August 21, 2003, and consisted of "Like the 309", which appeared on American V: A Hundred Highways in 2006, and the final song he completed, "Engine 143", which was recorded for his son John Carter Cash for a planned Carter Family tribute album.[96]
Death[edit]
While hospitalized at Baptist Hospital in Nashville, Cash died of complications from diabetes at approximately 2:00 a.m. CT on September 12, 2003, aged 71—less than four months after his wife. It was suggested that Johnny's health worsened due to a broken heart over June's death.[97][98] He was buried next to his wife in Hendersonville Memory Gardens near his home in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
In June 2005, Cash's lakeside home on Caudill Drive in Hendersonville was put up for sale by his estate. In January 2006, the house was sold to Bee Gees vocalist Barry Gibb and wife Linda, and titled to their Florida limited liability company for $2.3 million. The listing agent was Cash's younger brother, Tommy. On April 10, 2007, during a major restoration of the property by the new owner, Cash's home was accidentally destroyed in a spontaneous combustion-ignited fire caused by workers using linseed oil products.[99]
One of Cash's final collaborations with producer Rick Rubin, American V: A Hundred Highways, was released posthumously on July 4, 2006. The album debuted in the No.1 position on the Billboard Top 200 album chart for the week ending July 22, 2006. On February 23, 2010, three days before what would have been Cash's 78th birthday, the Cash Family, Rick Rubin, and Lost Highway Records released his second posthumous record, titled American VI: Ain't No Grave.
Religious beliefs[edit]
Cash was raised by his parents in the Southern Baptist denomination of Christianity. He was baptized in 1944 in the Tyronza River as a member of the Central Baptist Church of Dyess, Arkansas.[100]
A troubled but devout Christian,[101][102][page needed] Cash has been characterized as a "lens through which to view American contradictions and challenges."[d][104][105] A biblical scholar,[2][106][107] he penned a Christian novel, Man in White, and in the introduction Cash writes about a reporter who, interested in Cash's religious beliefs, questions whether the book is written from a Baptist, Catholic, or Jewish perspective. Cash denies an answer to the book's view and his own, and replies, "I'm a Christian. Don't put me in another box."[108][page needed][109]
In the mid-seventies, Cash and his wife, June, completed a course of study in the Bible through Christian International Bible College.[56] Cash often performed at Billy Graham Crusades. At a Tallahassee Crusade in 1986, June and Johnny sang his song, "One of These Days I'm Gonna Sit Down And Talk To Paul." [110]At a notable performance in Arkansas in 1989 Johnny Cash spoke to attendees of his commitment to the salvation of drug dealers and alcoholics. He then sang, "Family Bible." [111]
He made a spoken word recording of the entire New King James Version of the New Testament.[112][113] Cash declared he was "the biggest sinner of them all", and viewed himself overall as a complicated and contradictory man.[114][e] Accordingly,[f] Cash is said to have "contained multitudes," and has been deemed "the philosopher-prince of American country music."[119][120]
Cash is credited with having converted actor and singer John Schneider to Christianity.[121]
Legacy[edit]




The clothes and guitar of Johnny Cash on exhibit in the Artist Gallery of the Musical Instrument Museum of Phoenix


Cash's daughter Rosanne (by first wife Vivian Liberto) and his son John Carter Cash (by June Carter Cash) are notable musicians in their own right.
Cash nurtured and defended artists (such as Bob Dylan[43]) on the fringes of what was acceptable in country music even while serving as the country music establishment's most visible symbol. At an all-star concert which aired in 1999 on TNT, a diverse group of artists paid him tribute, including Dylan, Chris Isaak, Wyclef Jean, Norah Jones, Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, Dom DeLuise, and U2. Cash himself appeared at the end and performed for the first time in more than a year. Two tribute albums were released shortly before his death; Kindred Spirits contains works from established artists, while Dressed in Black contains works from many lesser-known musicians. In total, he wrote over 1,000 songs and released dozens of albums. A box set titled Unearthed was issued posthumously. It included four CDs of unreleased material recorded with Rubin as well as a Best of Cash on American retrospective CD. The set also includes a 104-page book that discusses each track and features one of Cash's final interviews.[122]
In recognition of his lifelong support of SOS Children's Villages, his family invited friends and fans to donate to the Johnny Cash Memorial Fund in his memory. He had a personal link with the SOS village in Diessen, at the Ammersee Lake in Southern Germany, near where he was stationed as a GI, and with the SOS village in Barrett Town, by Montego Bay, near his holiday home in Jamaica.[123][124]
In 1999, Cash received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Cash No. 31 on their "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list[125][126] and No. 21 on their "100 Greatest Singers" list in 2010.[127] In 2012 Rolling Stone ranked Cash's 1968 live album At Folsom Prison and 1994 studio album American Recordings at No. 88[128] and No. 366[129] in its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The main street in Hendersonville, Tennessee, Highway 31E, is known as "Johnny Cash Parkway."[citation needed]
The Johnny Cash Museum, located in one of Cash's properties in Hendersonville until 2006, dubbed the House of Cash, was sold based on Cash's will. Prior to this, having been closed for a number of years, the museum had been featured in Cash's music video for "Hurt." The house subsequently burned down during the renovation by the new owner. A new museum, founded by Shannon and Bill Miller, opened April 26, 2013, in downtown Nashville.[130]
On November 2–4, 2007, the Johnny Cash Flower Pickin' Festival was held in Starkville, Mississippi, where Cash had been arrested more than 40 years earlier and held overnight at the city jail on May 11, 1965. The incident inspired Cash to write the song "Starkville City Jail". The festival, where he was offered a symbolic posthumous pardon, honored Cash's life and music and was expected to become an annual event.[131]
JC Unit One, Johnny Cash's private tour bus from 1980 until 2003, was put on exhibit at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2007. The museum offers public tours of the bus on a seasonal basis (it is stored during the winter months and not exhibited during those times).[132]
A limited-edition Forever stamp honoring Cash went on sale June 5, 2013. The stamp features a promotional picture of Cash taken around the 1963 release of "Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. The Undertaker used Cash's version of "Ain't No Grave" at WrestleMania XXVII as his entrance theme.[133]
On October 14, 2014, The City of Folsom unveiled Phase 1 of the Johnny Cash Trail to the public with a dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Roseanne Cash. Along the trail, eight larger-than-life public art pieces will tell the story of Johnny Cash, his connection to Folsom Prison, and his epic musical career. The Johnny Cash Trail features art selected by a committee that included Cindy Cash, a 2-acre (0.81 ha) Legacy Park, and over 3 miles (4.8 km) of multi-use Class-I bike trail. The artists responsible for the sculptures are Sacramento-based Romo Studios, LLC and the Fine Art Studio of Rotblatt Amrany, from Illinois.[134]
In 2015, a new species of black tarantula was identified near Folsom Prison and named Aphonopelma johnnycashi in his honor.
In 2016, the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team added the "Country Legends Race" to its between-innings entertainment. At the middle of the fifth inning, people in oversized foam caricature costumes depicting Cash, as well as George Jones and Reba McEntire, race around the warning track at First Tennessee Park from center field to the home plate side of the first base dugout.[135]
The Johnny Cash Heritage Festival will be held in Dyess, Arkansas on October 19-21, 2017 [136]. It will build on the music festival held for four years on the Arkansas State University campus in Jonesboro. The festival honors Johnny Cash and explores the New Deal programs that shaped his childhood in Dyess, Arkansas. The Festival includes a concert in the field adjacent to the Cash Home and Arkansas roots music in the Colony Circle.

Portrayals[edit]
Country singer Mark Collie portrayed Cash in John Lloyd Miller's award-winning 1999 short film I Still Miss Someone.[72]
In November 2005, Walk the Line, a biographical film about Cash's life, was released in the United States to considerable commercial success and critical acclaim. The film featured Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny (for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor) and Reese Witherspoon as June (for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress). Phoenix and Witherspoon also won the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy and Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy, respectively. They both performed their own vocals in the film (with their version of "Jackson" being released as a single), and Phoenix learned to play guitar for the role. Phoenix received a Grammy Award for his contributions to the soundtrack. John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny and June, served as an executive producer.[72]
On March 12, 2006, Ring of Fire, a jukebox musical of the Cash oeuvre, debuted on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theater but closed due to harsh reviews and disappointing sales on April 30. Million Dollar Quartet, a musical portraying the early Sun recording sessions involving Cash, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins, debuted on Broadway on April 11, 2010. Actor Lance Guest portrayed Cash. The musical was nominated for three awards at the 2010 Tony Awards and won one.
Robert Hilburn, veteran Los Angeles Times pop music critic, the journalist who accompanied Cash in his 1968 Folsom prison tour, and interviewed Cash many times throughout his life including months before his death, published a 688-page biography with 16 pages of photographs in 2013.[137] The meticulously reported biography is said to have filled in the 80 percent of Cash's life that was unknown, including details about Cash's battles with addiction and infidelity.[138] The book reportedly does not hold back any details about the darker side of Johnny Cash and includes details about his affair with his pregnant wife June Carter's sister.[139]
Awards and honors[edit]
For detailed lists of music awards, see List of awards received by Johnny Cash.
Cash received multiple Country Music Association Awards, Grammys, and other awards, in categories ranging from vocal and spoken performances to album notes and videos. In a career that spanned almost five decades, during which he rose to recording industry icon status, Cash was the personification of country music to many people around the world. Cash was a musician who was not defined by a single genre. He recorded songs that could be considered rock and roll, blues, rockabilly, folk, and gospel, and exerted an influence on each of those genres.[citation needed]
His diversity was evidenced by his presence in five major music halls of fame: the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame (1977), the Country Music Hall of Fame (1980), the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (1992), GMA's Gospel Music Hall of Fame (2010) and the Memphis Music Hall of Fame (2013).[140][141] Cash was the only country music artist inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a "performer", unlike the other country members, who were inducted as "early influences".[citation needed]
His contributions to the genre have been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.[142] Cash received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1996 and stated that his induction into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980 was his greatest professional achievement. In 2001, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.[143] "Hurt" was nominated for six VMAs at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. The only VMA the video won was that for Best Cinematography. With the video, Johnny Cash became the oldest artist ever nominated for an MTV Video Music Award.[144] Justin Timberlake, who won Best Video that year for "Cry Me a River," said in his acceptance speech: "This is a travesty! I demand a recount. My grandfather raised me on Johnny Cash, and I think he deserves this more than any of us in here tonight."[145]
Discography[edit]
See Johnny Cash albums discography, Johnny Cash singles discography and Johnny Cash Sun Records discography.
Filmography[edit]

Film

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1961
Five Minutes to Live
Johnny Cabot
Also titled Door-To-Door Maniac


1967
The Road to Nashville
Himself



1971
A Gunfight
Abe Cross



1974
The Gospel Road
Narrator/Himself



1994
Gene Autry, Melody of the West
Narrator
Documentary film; voice acting role


2003
The Hunted
Narrator
Voice acting role


2014
The Winding Stream
Interview subject[146]
Documentary film; archive footage



Television

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1959
Shotgun Slade
Sheriff
Episode: "The Stalkers"


1959
Wagon Train
Frank Hoag
Episode: "The C.L. Harding Story


1960
The Rebel
Pratt
Episode: "The Death of Gray"


1961
The Deputy
Bo Braddock
Episode: "The Deathly Quiet"


1969–1971
The Johnny Cash Show
Himself – host and performer
58 episodes


1970
The Partridge Family
Variety Show Host
Episode: "What? Get Out of Show Business?"


1973–1992
Sesame Street
Himself
4 episodes


1974–1988
Hee Haw
Himself
4 episodes


1974
Columbo
Tommy Brown
Episode: "Swan Song"


1974
Johnny Cash Ridin' the Rails—The Great American Train Story
Himself



1976
Johnny Cash and Friends
Himself
4 episodes


1976
Little House on the Prairie
Caleb Hodgekiss
Episode: "The Collection"


1976–1985
Johnny Cash specials (various titles)
Himself
15 specials


1978
Thaddeus Rose and Eddie
Thaddeus Rose
Television film


1980
The Muppet Show
Himself
Episode: "#5.21"


1981
The Pride of Jesse Hallam
Jesse Hallam
Television film


1982
Saturday Night Live
Himself
Episode: "Johnny Cash/Elton John"


1983
Murder in Coweta County
Lamarr Potts
Television film; also producer


1984
The Baron and the Kid
The Baron
Will
Television film


1985
North and South
John Brown
6 episodes


1986
The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James
Frank James
Television film


1986
Stagecoach
Curly Wilcox
Television film


1988
The Magical World of Disney
Elder Davy Crockett
Episode: "Rainbow in the Thunder"


1993–1997
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman
Kid Cole
4 episodes


1996
Renegade
Henry Travis
Episode: "The Road Not Taken"


1997
The Simpsons
Space Coyote
Episode: "The Mysterious Voyage of Homer"; voice acting role


1998
All My Friends Are Cowboys
Himself
Television special


2014
Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music
Himself
BBC4 1969 Bio Documentary by Robert Elfstromg; archive footage


Published works[edit]

Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words, Zondervan, 1975; ISBN 99924-31-58-X
Man in White, a novel about the Apostle Paul, HarperCollins, 1986; ISBN 0-06-250132-1
Cash: The Autobiography, with Patrick Carr, HarperCollins, 1997; ISBN 978-0-06-101357-7[147]
Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament, Thomas Nelson, 2011; ISBN 978-1-4185-4883-4[148]
Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara, 2014; ISBN 978-0-930677-03-9[149]
The Man Who Carried Cash: Saul Holiff, Johnny Cash, and the Making of an American Icon by Julie Chadwick, Dundurn Press, 2017; ISBN 978-1-459737-23-5

Notes[edit]



^ Although Cash's voice type endured over the years, his timbre changed noticeably: "Through a recording career that stretche[d] back to 1955", Pareles writes, Cash's "bass-baritone voice [went] from gravelly to grave".[5]
^ For Cash, black stage attire was a "symbol of rebellion—against a stagnant status quo, against ... hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas".[11]
^ Schultz refers to this phrase as Cash's "trademark greeting," and places his utterance of this line, on Cash's At Folsom Prison album, "among the most electrifying [seconds] in the history of concert recording."[12]
^ Other appraisals of Cash's iconic value have been even bolder.[103]
^ Urbanski[115] notes that Cash's habit of performing in black attire began in a church. In the following paragraph, he[116] quotes Cash[117] as indicating that this habit was partially reflective of Cash's rebellion "against our hypocritical houses of God".
^ According to Urbanski, Cash's self-perception was accurate: "He never intended to be categorized or pigeonholed", and indeed he amassed a "cluster of enigmas" which "was so impenetrably deep that even those closest to him never got to see every part of him".[118]



References[edit]


^ Johnny Cash—Guitars and Equipment, Über Pro Audio, 2009, retrieved May 15, 2009 
^ a b Johnny Cash & June Carter, Last.fm, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Holden, Stephen (September 13, 2003), "Johnny Cash, Country Music Bedrock, Dies at 71", The New York Times, retrieved February 25, 2013 
^ Jones, Rebecca (January 14, 2014). "More Johnny Cash material will be released says son". BBC News. Retrieved February 13, 2016. 
^ a b c Pareles 1994.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. xiv.
^ Dickie, M. (2002) [1987], "Hard talk from the God-fearin', pro-metal man in Black", in Streissguth, M., Ring of fire: The Johnny Cash reader, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo, pp. 201–205 
^ a b c d Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 196 
^ Fox, JA (October 17, 2005), "Hard time's never a 'circus'", The Boston Herald, Baylor University, archived from the original on September 20, 2006, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Streissguth 2005.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Schultz, B. (July 1, 2000), "Classic Tracks: Johnny Cash's 'Folsom Prison Blues'", Mix, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Mulligan, J. (February 24, 2010), Johnny Cash: American VI: Ain't No Grave (album review), entertainment.ie, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ For discussion of, and lyrics to, Cash's songs, see Cusic, D., ed. (2004), Johnny Cash: The songs, New York, NY: Thunder's Mouth 
^ Miller 2003, p. 341.
^ Ellis, A. (2004, 01). The man in black: Johnny cash, 1932–2003. Guitar Player, 38, 31–32, 34.
^ "Johnny Cash's Funeral", Johnny and June Carter Cash Memorial, Buddy Case, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ "Reba Cash Hancock", Harpeth Family Funeral Services, Harpeth hills, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ Millar, Anna (June 4, 2006), "Celtic connection as Cash walks the line in Fife", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ Cash, Roseanne (2010). A memoir. Viking Press. ISBN 978-1-101-45769-6. 
^ Manzoor, Sarfraz (February 7, 2010), Scottish roots of Johnny Cash, the man in black tartan, London, UK: The Guardian, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ a b Miller 2003, p. 11.
^ Dalton, Stephanie (January 15, 2006), "Walking the line back in time", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman.com, archived from the original on October 21, 2007, retrieved June 28, 2007 
^ Cash & Carr 1997, p. 3.
^ Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 6 
^ a b c d e f g Cash & Carr 1997.
^ Jack D. Cash, Find-a-Grave 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 31). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Gross 2006.
^ Abbott, William. "Johnny Cash – February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003". Southernmusic.net. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ Johnny Cash: The Biography (pg. 42)
^ Malone, William; McCulloh, Judith (1975), Stars of Country Music, Chicago, IL 
^ Berkowitz, Kenny (June 2001). "No Regrets – Johnny Cash, the man in black, is back at the top of his game". AcousticGuitar.com (102). Archived from the original on August 12, 2008. Retrieved June 28, 2009. 
^ Johnny Cash Things You Didn't Know About Johnny Cash at Taste of Country. Retrieved September 24, 2016
^ Johnny Cash at TV People Retrieved September 24
^ Turner 2004, pp. 43–44.
^ Sweeting, Adam (September 12, 2003), "Johnny Cash", The Guardian (Obituary), London, UK, retrieved January 26, 2009 
^ Puterbaugh, Parke. "Essential Johnny Cash." Rolling Stone October 16, 2003: 78. International Index to Music Periodicals Full Text [ProQuest]. Web. June 12, 2016.
^ The Man in Black's Musical Journey Continues, NPR, retrieved February 9, 2010 
^ "10 Things you didn't know about Johnny Cash". Retrieved August 29, 2014. 
^ "Rainbow Quest". Richardandmimi.com. February 26, 1966. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ "My Father and The Man in Black". Johnny-and-saul.com. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ a b Johnny Cash interviewed on the Pop Chronicles (1969)
^ Liberto, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, p. 294.
^ "Major brush fire." Los Angeles Times, June 28, 1965, p. 1.
^ "Control of Brush Fire Near; 700 Acres Burned." Los Angeles Times, June 29, 1965, p. 27.
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). Johnny Cash: The Life. Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 0-316-19475-1. 
^ Johnson, Brett (November 18, 2007), "Cash's first wife tells of romance, heartbreak", Ventura County Star. Retrieved July 9, 2013.
^ Williford, Stanley and Howard Hertel. "Singer Johnny Cash Pays $82,000 to U.S. in Fire Case", Los Angeles Times, July 3, 1969, p. A3.
^ Johnny Cash, At San Quentin, Columbia Records CS 9827, 1969
^ "Past Winners Search". The GRAMMYs. 
^ "12 000 at LaFayette show", Rome News Tribune, LaFayette, Georgia: Google News, p. 5A, August 14, 1970 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 34). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Zwonitzer, Mark (2002). Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone: The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-85763-4. 
^ Grant, Marshall (2005). I Was There When It Happened – My Life With Johnny Cash. Cumberland House. ISBN 1-58182-510-2. 
^ a b Cash, John Carter (2007). Anchored in Love. Thomas Nelson. ISBN 0-8499-0187-1.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "John_Carter_Cash" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Cash in Treatment", Orlando Sentinel, November 26, 1989 
^ "Inmate Merle Haggard hears Johnny Cash play San Quentin State Prison", history.com; accessed June 24, 2014.
^ Edwards, Leigh H. "Cash, Johnny." Grove Music Online. Oxford Music Online. Oxford University Press.
^ Cash, Johnny. "Johnny and June Carter Cash on Pete Seeger's Rainbow Quest". Youtube. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ Cash, J., & Carr, P. (1997). Cash: The autobiography (p. 408). San Francisco, CA: HarperSanFrancisco.
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (p. 597). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ "Johnny Cash – Bitter Tears – Ballads of the American Indian". www.discogs.com. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ (1965). Johnny Cash and June Carter [Television series episode]. In Rainbow Quest.Pete Seeger. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQq0dw7rmtc
^ Look Again To The Wind: Johnny Cash's Bitter Tears Revisited. (July 8, 2014). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.sony.com/SCA/company-news/press-releases/sony-music-masterworks/2014/look-again-to-the-wind-johnny-cashs-bitter-tears-r.shtml
^ a b The Bitter Tears of Johnny Cash. (November 8, 2009). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.salon.com/2009/11/09/johnny_cash_2/
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 598–599). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ (1970). [Television series episode]. In The Johnny Cash Show.Johnny Cash. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yz7xYzEEZo&list=LLwSdCgA8WpUDjjX6Il2AhXA&index=3
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 592). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ Burnett, John G. (December 11, 1890). "Birthday Story of Private John G. Burnett, Captain Abraham McClellan's Company, 2nd Regiment, 2nd Brigade, Mounted Infantry, Cherokee Indian Removal, 1838–39.". Creoliste. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian". The Bluegrass Special. August 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f Johnny Cash on IMDb
^ The Best of the Johnny Cash TV Show 1969–1971, Disc 1 (of 2), Reverse Angle Production, 2007 
^ a b Cash & Carr 1997, pp. 85–86.
^ "The good, bad and ugly of proposed uniforms", Navy Times, October 4, 2004 
^ Turner Publishing (2004). Lionel Trains: A Pictorial History of Trains and Their Collectors. Turner Publishing Company. p. 19. ISBN 1-56311-958-7. 
^ Allmond, Joy. September 13, 2015. Johnny Cash's Faith and Friendship with Billy Graham. Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. https://billygraham.org/story/johnny-cashs-faith-and-friendship-with-billy-graham/
^ Nixon Welcomes 'The Man in Black' to the White House, Nixon Foundation, April 17, 2011, archived from the original on August 22, 2011 
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 212.
^ Richard Nixon, April 17, 1970, released on Johnny Cash, Bootleg Vol. III: Live Around the World (Columbia/Legacy 88697 93033 2), released 2011
^ Halloran, R. July 4, 1976. "500,000 View Capital's Bicentennial Parade" New York Times.
^ Lot 756 of 982: JOHNNY CASH BICENTENNIAL SHIRT http://www.julienslive.com/view-auctions/catalog/id/15/lot/3115/JOHNNY-CASH-BICENTENNIAL-SHIRT
^ Willett, E. (2011).Johnny Cash: "The Man in Black", p.90. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow.
^ Johnny Cash: The Rebel, Canada: Exclaim.ca, p. 3 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 500–502
^ Lewis, Randy (December 10, 2013). "'Lost' Early-'80s Johnny Cash Album Slated for March 25 Release". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ Hilburn, p. 506
^ Adam Gold, "How U2 Fell in Love With Nashville and Influenced Today's Country Music," Rolling Stone July 13, 2017 http://www.rollingstone.com/country/features/inside-u2s-love-affair-with-nashville-country-music-w491992
^ The Guitars of Johnny Cash, Fretbase.com, August 2008, archived from the original on October 1, 2008 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 568–570
^ Carr, Eric (November 7, 2002). "Johnny Cash, American IV: The Man Comes Around". Pitchfork. Retrieved May 12, 2017. 
^ "Geoff Rickly interviews Trent Reznor". Alternative Press. 2004-06-26. Retrieved 2016-06-21. 
^ Levy, Glen (July 28, 2011). "The 30 All-TIME Best Music Videos – Johnny Cash, Hurt". Time. Retrieved August 19, 2011. 
^ "100 Greatest Music Videos". NME. Retrieved 15 December 2012. 
^ "Country Star June Carter Cash, Wife of Johnny Cash, Dies at 73". 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. (New York: Little, Brown & Co., 2013), p. 624
^ "Death from a Broken Heart". Medicine net. November 24, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Johnny Cash Dead at Age 71". About. September 12, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Fire destroys Johnny Cash house". BBC.co.uk. April 11, 2007. Retrieved September 29, 2010. 
^ Johnny Cash, Man in Black, Zondervan, ISBN 978-99924-31-58-0 
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi.
^ Urbanski 2003.
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi: 'Very few figures in recent history are seen as more representative of American identity as Cash ... His has often been suggested as the face that should be added to the select pantheon on Mt. Rushmore'
^ Clapp 2008, p. xviii.
^ Miller 2003, p. 227.
^ Stoudt, C. (June 9, 2009), "Review: 'Ring of Fire' at La Mirada Theatre", The Los Angeles Times, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Johnny Cash: Amazing Grace, Public Radio Exchange, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Cash 2008.
^ "Johnny Cash obituary", News, BBC, September 12, 2003, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Billy Graham Crusade, 1986, Tallahassee, Florida, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlXGSi4rxf8
^ Billy Graham Crusade,1989, Little Rock, Arkansas, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5Sd_qcBSQ
^ Rivkin, D., ed. (2007), Johnny Cash reading the complete New Testament (audio recording) (deluxe ed.), Nashville, TN: Thomas Nelson 
^ Morris, E. (December 23, 2008), Johnny Cash's reading of the New Testament now on DVD, Country Music Television, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. xx–xxi.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. 39.
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. 39–40.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Urbanski, D. (2010), "Johnny Cash's complicated faith: Unwrapping the enigma of the Man in Black", Relevant Magazine, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Huss, J.; Werther, D., eds. (2008), Johnny Cash and philosophy: The burning ring of truth, Chicago, IL: Open Court 
^ Johnny Cash and philosophy, Open Court, 2007, archived from the original on March 28, 2010, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ "Taking the Lead – Today's Christian". Archived from the original on April 10, 2008. Retrieved 2015-04-28. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link)
^ "Cash's "Unearthed" box set". billboard. Billboard Magazine. October 22, 2003. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Celebrities as partners, SOS Children's Villages, archived from the original on May 18, 2008 
^ "Johnny Cash", Supporters, USA: SOS Children's Villages 
^ Kristofferson, Kris. "Johnny Cash, No. 31". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "The Immortals: The First Fifty". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "100 Greatest Singers of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ Rutz, Heather (June 7, 2013). "Lima native creative director at new Johnny Cash museum". The Lima News. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Mississippi town to honor the 'Man in Black'". MSN.com. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ Soeder, John (May 19, 2010). "Johnny Cash's tour bus returns to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash Stamp Release Celebrated By Family". Huffington Post. June 3, 2013. Retrieved June 3, 2013. 
^ "Folsom, CA – Johnny Cash Trail & Art Experience". www.folsom.ca.us. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Opening Night at First Tennessee Park". The Tennessean. April 7, 2016. Retrieved April 8, 2016. 
^ Johnny Cash Heritage Festival http://johnnycashheritagefestival.com/
^ Hilburn, Robert (2013). Johnny Cash: The Life (Deckle Edge). New York City: Little Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-19475-4. 
^ Kinchen, David (November 3, 2013). "BOOK REVIEW: 'Johnny Cash': Meticulous Attention to Facts Sets Robert Hilburn's Biography Apart". Huntington News. Retrieved December 12, 2013. 
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). "Interview: Robert Hilburn, Author Of 'Johnny Cash: The Life'". NPR. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Country Music Hall of Fame 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 
^ "RHOF Inductees with Certificates". Rockabilly Hall of Fame. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "Lifetime Honors", National Medal of Arts 
^ "Johnny Cash – Memories Shared". Songstuff. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Quotables "August 29, 2003 Justin Timberlake on Johnny Cash"". Archived from the original on April 7, 2014. Retrieved April 5, 2014. 
^ "The Winding Stream (2014)". IMDb. Retrieved November 9, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash – Cash: The Autobiography of Johnny Cash Review". SocialBookshelves.com. Retrieved July 13, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament". barnesandnoble.com. Retrieved November 24, 2014. 
^ "Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara". Retrieved September 9, 2015. 


Bibliography[edit]


Clapp, R (2008), Johnny Cash and the great American contradiction: Christianity and the battle for the soul of a nation, Louisville, KY: Westminster John Knox, ISBN 978-0-664-23657-1 .
D'Ambrosio, Antonino (2009), A Heartbeat and A Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears, Perseus Books/Nation Books, ISBN 978-1-56858-407-2 .
Gross, Terry (2006), All I Did Was Ask: Conversations with Writers, Actors, Musicians, and Artists, Hyperion, ISBN 1-4013-0010-3 .
Holmes, Cynthia S. (January 2004), "Remembering H Dale Jackson", Connect (newsletter), The CBF of Missouri, p. 2 .
Millier, William, "Awards", Johnny Cash, archived from the original on October 10, 2004, retrieved September 7, 2004 .
Miller, Stephen (2003), Johnny Cash: The Life of an American Icon, Omnibus, ISBN 0-7119-9626-1 .
Streissguth, Michael (2004), Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81338-2 .
Streissguth, Michael (2005) [2004], Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81453-2 .
Thomson, Elisabeth, "Cash, Johnny", Grove Music, Oxford Music Online, retrieved May 18, 2010 .
Turner, Stephen (2004), The Man Called Cash: The Life, Love, and Faith of an American Legend, Nashville, TN: W Publishing, ISBN 0-8499-1820-0 .
Urbanski, David (2003), The Man Comes Around: The Spiritual Journey of Johnny Cash, New York, NY: Relevant Books, ISBN 0-9729276-7-0 .


Further reading[edit]

Jonathan Silverman, Nine Choices: Johnny Cash and American Culture, Amherst: University of Massachusetts, 2010, ISBN 1-55849-826-5
Graeme Thomson, The Resurrection of Johnny Cash: Hurt, Redemption, and American Recordings, Jawbone Press, ISBN 978-1-906002-36-7
Christopher S. Wren, Johnny Cash: Winners Got Scars, Too, Abacus Editions, ISBN 0-349-13740-4
Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life, Back Bay Books, New York: Little Brown and Company, 2013, ISBN 978-0-316-19474-7(pb)

External links[edit]





Book: Johnny Cash





Find more aboutJohnny Cashat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Data from Wikidata



Official website
Sony Music's Johnny Cash website
"Inductee Johnny Cash", Candidates, Hit Parade Hall of Fame, archived from the original on January 6, 2008 .
Johnny Cash at AllMusic
Johnny Cash on IMDb
"Johnny Cash". Find a Grave. Retrieved November 30, 2013. 
Johnny Cash profile at martinguitar.com



Awards


First
None recognized before

First Amendment Center/AMA "Spirit of Americana" Free Speech Award
2002
Succeeded by
Kris Kristofferson


Preceded by
Buddy & Julie Miller
AMA Album of the Year (artist)
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn


Preceded by
Jim Lauderdale
AMA Artist of the Year
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn








v
t
e


Johnny Cash



Studio albums



With His Hot and Blue Guitar
Sings the Songs That Made Him Famous
The Fabulous Johnny Cash
Greatest!
Songs of Our Soil
Sings Hank Williams
Now, There Was a Song!
Now Here's Johnny Cash
The Sound of Johnny Cash
All Aboard the Blue Train
Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash
The Original Sun Sound of Johnny Cash
I Walk the Line
Orange Blossom Special
Everybody Loves a Nut
Happiness Is You
Old Golden Throat
More of Old Golden Throat
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash
The World of Johnny Cash
Man in Black
A Thing Called Love
Any Old Wind That Blows
Ragged Old Flag
The Junkie and the Juicehead Minus Me
John R. Cash
Look at Them Beans
One Piece at a Time
The Last Gunfighter Ballad
I Would Like to See You Again
Gone Girl
Silver
Rockabilly Blues
The Baron
The Adventures of Johnny Cash
Johnny 99
Rainbow
Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town
Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series
Water from the Wells of Home
Boom Chicka Boom
The Mystery of Life
American Recordings
Unchained
American III: Solitary Man
American IV: The Man Comes Around
Personal File
American V: A Hundred Highways
American VI: Ain't No Grave
Out Among the Stars





Concept albums



Ride This Train
Blood, Sweat and Tears
Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian
Sings the Ballads of the True West
From Sea to Shining Sea
America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song
The Johnny Cash Children's Album
The Rambler





Gospel albums



Hymns by Johnny Cash
Hymns from the Heart
The Holy Land
The Gospel Road (film soundtrack)
Sings Precious Memories
A Believer Sings the Truth
Believe in Him
Return to the Promised Land (video soundtrack)
My Mother's Hymn Book





Christmas albums



The Christmas Spirit
The Johnny Cash Family Christmas
Classic Christmas
Johnny Cash Country Christmas





Collaborations



The Lure of the Grand Canyon
Carryin' On with Johnny Cash and June Carter
Johnny Cash and His Woman
The Legend of Jesse James
The Survivors Live
Highwayman
Class of '55
Heroes
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes on Forever
VH1 Storytellers





Live albums



At Folsom Prison
At San Quentin
The Johnny Cash Show
På Österåker
Strawberry Cake
Koncert v Praze (In Prague–Live)
At Madison Square Garden
A Concert Behind Prison Walls





Non-gospel soundtracks



I Walk the Line
Little Fauss and Big Halsy





Compilations



Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
Heart of Cash
Greatest Hits, Vol. 2
Sunday Morning Coming Down
International Superstar
Five Feet High and Rising
Destination Victoria Station
Greatest Hits, Vol. 3
The Unissued Johnny Cash
Johnny & June
Tall Man
Encore
Biggest Hits
The Man in Black 1954–1958
The Man in Black 1959–1962
Come Along and Ride This Train
The Essential Johnny Cash (1992)
Wanted Man
The Man in Black 1963–1969
The Man in Black – His Greatest Hits
16 Biggest Hits
Love, God, Murder
The Essential Johnny Cash (2002)
Unearthed
The Legend
The Legend of Johnny Cash
Johnny Cash: Patriot
16 Biggest Hits: Johnny Cash & June Carter Cash
The Legend of Johnny Cash Vol. II
The Complete Columbia Album Collection





Songs



"25 Minutes to Go"
"Seasons of My Heart"
"Any Old Wind That Blows"
"The Ballad of Boot Hill"
"The Ballad of Ira Hayes"
"Ballad of a Teenage Queen"
"Big River"
"Blistered"
"A Boy Named Sue"
"Busted"
"Cat's in the Cradle"
"Cocaine Blues"
"Cry! Cry! Cry!"
"Daddy Sang Bass"
"Dark as a Dungeon"
"Don't Take Your Guns to Town"
"Engine 143"
"Flesh and Blood"
"The Folk Singer"
"Folsom Prison Blues"
"Forty Shades of Green"
"Get Rhythm"
"Goodnight, Irene"
"Green, Green Grass of Home"
"Greystone Chapel"
"Guess Things Happen That Way"
"Hey, Porter"
"Home of the Blues"
"Hurt"
"I Couldn't Keep from Crying"
"I Love You Because"
"I Still Miss Someone"
"I Walk the Line"
"If I Had a Hammer"
"If I Were a Carpenter"
"In My Life"
"In the Jailhouse Now"
"It Ain't Me Babe"
"Jackson"
"Kate"
"The Man Comes Around"
"Man in Black"
"The Matador"
"Oh Lonesome Me"
"One Piece at a Time"
"Oney"
"Orange Blossom Special"
"The One on the Right Is on the Left"
"Remember the Alamo"
"(Ghost) Riders in the Sky"
"Ring of Fire"
"Rock Island Line"
"So Doggone Lonesome"
"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down"
"Tennessee Flat Top Box"
"There Ain't No Good Chain Gang"
"A Thing Called Love"
"Understand Your Man"
"What Is Truth"
"What'd I Say"





Television



The Johnny Cash Show





Family



June Carter Cash
John Carter Cash
Rosanne Cash
Carlene Carter
Vivian Liberto
Tommy Cash
Carter Family





Related



Albums discography
Singles discography
Sun Records discography
The Highwaymen
Carter Family Fold
Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words
Cash: The Autobiography
Johnny Cash! The Man, His World, His Music
Walk the Line
We Walk the Line: A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash
Ring of Fire (2013 film)
Ring of Fire (musical)
My Father and the Man in Black
Dyess, Arkansas
The Tennessee Three






 Book










v
t
e


The Highwaymen






Johnny Cash
Waylon Jennings
Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson





Studio albums



Highwayman
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes On Forever





Singles



"Highwayman"
"Desperados Waiting for a Train"
"Silver Stallion"
"It Is What It Is"












v
t
e


Members of the Grand Ole Opry






Roy Acuff
Trace Adkins
David "Stringbean" Akeman
Bill Anderson
Jack Anglin
Eddy Arnold
Ernest Ashworth
Chet Atkins
DeFord Bailey
Bobby Bare
Bashful Brother Oswald
Humphrey Bate
Dierks Bentley
Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers
Clint Black
Margie Bowes
Rod Brasfield
Garth Brooks
Jim Ed Brown
The Browns
Carl Butler and Pearl
Archie Campbell
Bill Carlisle
Martha Carson
The Carter Sisters
Maybelle Carter
Johnny Cash
June Carter Cash
Roy Clark
Terri Clark
Zeke Clements
Patsy Cline
Jerry Clower
John Conlee
Stoney Cooper
Wilma Lee Cooper
Cowboy Copas
Dailey & Vincent
Charlie Daniels
Skeeter Davis
The Delmore Brothers
The DeZurik Sisters
Diamond Rio
Little Jimmy Dickens
Joe Diffie
Danny Dill
Jimmy Driftwood
Roy Drusky
The Duke of Paducah
Holly Dunn
The Everly Brothers
Lester Flatt
Red Foley
Curly Fox
Lefty Frizzell
Larry Gatlin
Crystal Gayle
Don Gibson
Vince Gill
Billy Grammer
Jack Greene
The Gully Jumpers
Theron Hale
Tom T. Hall
George Hamilton IV
Sid Harkreader
Emmylou Harris
Hawkshaw Hawkins
George D. Hay
Hoot Hester
Goldie Hill
David Houston
Jan Howard
Ferlin Husky
Alan Jackson
Stonewall Jackson
Sonny James
Norma Jean
Jim & Jesse
Johnnie & Jack
George Jones
Grandpa Jones
The Jordanaires
Doug Kershaw
Hal Ketchum
Bradley Kincaid
Pee Wee King
Alison Krauss
Little Big Town
Hank Locklin
Lonzo and Oscar
Bobby Lord
The Louvin Brothers
Charlie Louvin
Ira Louvin
Patty Loveless
Bob Luman
Loretta Lynn
Uncle Dave Macon
Rose Maddox
Barbara Mandrell
Kerry Marx
Martina McBride
Del McCoury
Mel McDaniel
Reba McEntire
McGee Brothers
Jesse McReynolds
Ronnie Milsap
Bill Monroe
Montgomery Gentry
Craig Morgan
George Morgan
Lorrie Morgan
Moon Mullican
Willie Nelson
Jimmy C. Newman
The Oak Ridge Boys
Old Crow Medicine Show
Osborne Brothers
Brad Paisley
Dolly Parton
Johnny Paycheck
Minnie Pearl
Stu Phillips
Webb Pierce
Ray Pillow
Ray Price
Charley Pride
Jeanne Pruett
Rascal Flatts
Del Reeves
Jim Reeves
Riders in the Sky
Tex Ritter
Marty Robbins
Darius Rucker
Johnny Russell
Rusty and Doug
Earl Scruggs
Jeannie Seely
Blake Shelton
Ricky Van Shelton
Jean Shepard
Ricky Skaggs
Mississippi Slim
Carl Smith
Connie Smith
Fiddlin' Arthur Smith
Mike Snider
Hank Snow
Red Sovine
Ralph Stanley
Marty Stuart
Texas Ruby
B. J. Thomas
Uncle Jimmy Thompson
Mel Tillis
Pam Tillis
Tompall & the Glaser Brothers
Randy Travis
Travis Tritt
Ernest Tubb
Justin Tubb
Josh Turner
Carrie Underwood
Keith Urban
Leroy Van Dyke
Porter Wagoner
Billy Walker
Charlie Walker
Steve Wariner
Kitty Wells
Dottie West
The Whites
Slim Whitman
The Wilburn Brothers
Don Williams
Hank Williams
Boxcar Willie
The Willis Brothers
Chubby Wise
Del Wood
Marion Worth
Johnnie Wright
Tammy Wynette
Trisha Yearwood
Faron Young












v
t
e


Country Music Hall of Fame 1980s






Johnny Cash (1980)
Connie B. Gay (1980)
Sons of the Pioneers (1980)
Vernon Dalhart (1981)
Grant Turner (1981)
Lefty Frizzell (1982)
Roy Horton (1982)
Marty Robbins (1982)
Little Jimmy Dickens (1983)
Ralph Peer (1984)
Floyd Tillman (1984)
Flatt and Scruggs (1985)
The Duke of Paducah (1986)
Wesley Rose (1986)
Rod Brasfield (1987)
Loretta Lynn (1988)
Roy Rogers (1988)
Jack Stapp (1989)
Cliffie Stone (1989)
Hank Thompson (1989)












v
t
e


Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album (1980s)






1980
John Gielgud - Ages of Man - Readings From Shakespeare
1981
Pat Carroll - Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein
1982
Orson Welles - Donovan's Brain
1983
Tom Voegeli (producer) - Raiders of the Lost Ark - The Movie on Record performed by various artists
1984
William Warfield - Lincoln Portrait
1985
Ben Kingsley - The Words of Gandhi
1986
Mike Berniker (producer) & the original Broadway cast - Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
1987
Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chips Moman, Ricky Nelson, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins, Sam Phillips - Interviews From the Class of '55 Recording Sessions
1988
Garrison Keillor - Lake Wobegon Days
1989
Jesse Jackson - Speech by Rev. Jesse Jackson









Complete list
(1959 & 1960s)
(1970s)
(1980s)
(1990s)
(2000s)
(2010s)













v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1990s)



1990



Dizzy Gillespie
Katharine Hepburn
Risë Stevens
Jule Styne
Billy Wilder





1991



Roy Acuff
Betty Comden and Adolph Green
Fayard and Harold Nicholas
Gregory Peck
Robert Shaw





1992



Lionel Hampton
Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
Ginger Rogers
Mstislav Rostropovich
Paul Taylor





1993



Johnny Carson
Arthur Mitchell
Sir Georg Solti
Stephen Sondheim
Marion Williams





1994



Kirk Douglas
Aretha Franklin
Morton Gould
Harold Prince
Pete Seeger





1995



Jacques d'Amboise
Marilyn Horne
B.B. King
Sidney Poitier
Neil Simon





1996



Edward Albee
Benny Carter
Johnny Cash
Jack Lemmon
Maria Tallchief





1997



Lauren Bacall
Bob Dylan
Charlton Heston
Jessye Norman
Edward Villella





1998



Bill Cosby
Fred Ebb and John Kander
Willie Nelson
André Previn
Shirley Temple Black





1999



Victor Borge
Sean Connery
Judith Jamison
Jason Robards
Stevie Wonder








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1992



Performers



Bobby Bland
Booker T. & the M.G.'s (Steve Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Al Jackson Jr., Booker T. Jones, Lewie Steinberg)
Johnny Cash
The Isley Brothers (Ernie Isley, Marvin Isley, O'Kelly Isley Jr., Ronald Isley, Rudolph Isley, Chris Jasper)
The Jimi Hendrix Experience (Jimi Hendrix, Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding)
Sam & Dave (Sam Moore, Dave Prater)
The Yardbirds (Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Chris Dreja, Jim McCarty, Jimmy Page, Keith Relf, Paul Samwell-Smith)





Early influences



Elmore James
Professor Longhair





Non-performers
(Ahmet Ertegun Award)



Leo Fender
Bill Graham
Doc Pomus









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 27251336
LCCN: n79018367
ISNI: 0000 0001 0882 3456
GND: 118519433
SELIBR: 182765
SUDOC: 077442083
BNF: cb13892236v (data)
BIBSYS: 90131809
MusicBrainz: d43d12a1-2dc9-4257-a2fd-0a3bb1081b86
NLA: 35853535
NKC: jn19990001359
BNE: XX881565










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnny_Cash&oldid=792513053"					
Categories: Johnny Cash1932 births2003 deaths20th-century American singers21st-century American singersMale actors from ArkansasAmerican autobiographersAmerican bass-baritonesAmerican country guitaristsAmerican country singersAmerican country singer-songwritersAmerican folk guitaristsAmerican folk singersAmerican male film actorsAmerican male singersAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican performers of Christian musicAmerican ChristiansAmerican acoustic guitaristsAmerican male guitaristsBurials in TennesseeCash–Carter familyCharly Records artistsColumbia Records artistsCountry Music Hall of Fame inducteesCountry musicians from ArkansasDeaths from diabetesDisease-related deaths in TennesseeGrammy Award winnersGrammy Legend AwardGrammy Lifetime Achievement Award winnersGrand Ole Opry membersKennedy Center honoreesMembers of the Country Music AssociationNative Americans' rights activistsPeople from Cleveland County, ArkansasMusicians from Nashville, TennesseePeople from Hendersonville, TennesseePeople from Sumner County, TennesseeRock and roll musiciansRock and Roll Hall of Fame inducteesSun Records artistsThe Highwaymen (country supergroup) membersTennessee DemocratsUnited States Air Force airmenGuitarists from ArkansasGuitarists from TennesseePeople from ArkansasGospel singersHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse mdy dates from November 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2012Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2014Articles with unsourced statements from May 2017Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaChavacano de ZamboangaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschDolnoserbskiEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺한국어HawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTsetsêhestâheseTürkçeУкраїнськаVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 23:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnny Cash - Wikipedia






















 






Johnny Cash

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the singer. For other uses, see Johnny Cash (disambiguation).


Johnny Cash



Cash in 1969



Born
J. R. Cash
(1932-02-26)February 26, 1932
Kingsland, Arkansas, U.S.A.


Died
September 12, 2003(2003-09-12) (aged 71)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A.


Cause of death
Diabetes mellitus


Resting place
Hendersonville Memory Gardens


Occupation



Singer-songwriter
guitarist
actor
author





Years active
1954–2003


Spouse(s)



Vivian Liberto
(m. 1954; div. 1966)
June Carter
(m. 1968; her death 2003)





Children
5, including Rosanne and John Carter


Website
johnnycash.com


Military career


Allegiance
United States


Service/branch
United States Air Force


Years of service
1950–1954


Rank
 Staff sergeant


Unit
12th Radio Squadron Mobile





Musical career


Genres



Country
rock and roll
folk
gospel





Instruments



Vocals
acoustic guitar





Labels



Sun
Columbia
Mercury
American
House of Cash
Legacy





Associated acts



The Tennessee Three
The Highwaymen
June Carter Cash
The Statler Brothers
The Carter Family
Waylon Jennings
Bob Dylan
Willie Nelson
Kris Kristofferson





Notable instruments





Martin Acoustic Guitars[1]
1943 Martin D28
Martin D35








John R. Cash (born J. R. Cash; February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author.[2] He is widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century and is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 90 million records worldwide.[3][4] Although primarily remembered as a country music icon, his genre-spanning songs and sound embraced rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of multiple inductions in the Country Music, Rock and Roll, and Gospel Music Halls of Fame.
Cash was known for his deep, calm bass-baritone voice,[a][6] the distinctive sound of his Tennessee Three backing band, which is characterized by train-sound guitar rhythms; a rebelliousness[7][8] coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor,[5] free prison concerts,[9][10] and a trademark, all-black stage wardrobe, which earned him the nickname "The Man in Black."[b] He traditionally began his concerts by simply introducing himself, "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash,"[c] followed by his signature "Folsom Prison Blues".
Much of Cash's music contained themes of sorrow, moral tribulation, and redemption, especially in the latter stages of his career.[5][13] His signature songs include "I Walk the Line", "Folsom Prison Blues", "Ring of Fire", "Get Rhythm", and "Man in Black". He also recorded humorous numbers like "One Piece at a Time" and "A Boy Named Sue"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called "Jackson" (followed by many further duets after their marriage); and railroad songs including "Hey, Porter", "Orange Blossom Special" and "Rock Island Line".[14] During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Military service
3 Marriages and family
4 Career

4.1 Early career
4.2 Outlaw image
4.3 Folsom and other prison concerts
4.4 Activism for Native Americans
4.5 "The Man in Black"
4.6 Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records
4.7 American Recordings


5 Last years
6 Death
7 Religious beliefs
8 Legacy

8.1 Portrayals


9 Awards and honors
10 Discography
11 Filmography
12 Published works
13 Notes
14 References

14.1 Bibliography


15 Further reading
16 External links



Early life[edit]
J. R. Cash was born on February 26, 1932 in Kingsland, Arkansas,[15][16] born to Ray Cash (May 13, 1897 in Kingsland, Arkansas – December 23, 1985 in Hendersonville, Tennessee) and Carrie Cloveree (née Rivers; March 13, 1904 in Rison, Arkansas – March 11, 1991 in Hendersonville, Tennessee). He was one of seven children, who were in birth order: Roy, Margaret Louise, Jack, J. R., Reba, Joanne, and Tommy (who also became a successful country artist).[17][18]He was primarily of English and Scottish descent,[19][20][21] and as an adult traced his surname to 11th-century Fife after meeting with the then-laird of Falkland, Major Michael Crichton-Stuart.[22][23][24] Cash Loch and other locations in Fife bear the name of his family.[22]
At birth, Cash was named J. R. Cash.[25] When Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force, he was not permitted to use initials as a first name,[citation needed] so he changed his name to John R. Cash. In 1955, when signing with Sun Records, he took Johnny Cash as his stage name.[8]
In March 1935, when Cash was three years old, the family settled in Dyess, Arkansas, a New Deal Colony intended to give poor families a chance to start over with land that they could work toward owning. J.R. started working in cotton fields at the age of five, singing along with his family while working. The family farm was flooded on at least two occasions, which later inspired him to write the song "Five Feet High and Rising".[26][page needed] His family's economic and personal struggles during the Great Depression inspired many of his songs, especially those about other people facing similar difficulties.
Cash was very close to his older brother, Jack.[27] In May 1944, Jack was pulled into a whirling head saw in the mill where he worked and was almost cut in two. He suffered for over a week before he died on May 20, 1944, at the age of 15.[26][page needed] Cash often spoke of the horrible guilt he felt over this incident. According to Cash: The Autobiography, his father was away that morning, but he and his mother, and Jack himself, all had premonitions or a sense of foreboding about that day, causing his mother to urge Jack to skip work and go fishing with his brother. Jack insisted on working, as the family needed the money. On his deathbed, Jack said he had visions of Heaven and angels. Decades later, Cash spoke of looking forward to meeting his brother in Heaven.[8]
Cash's early memories were dominated by gospel music and radio. Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend, Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve. When Cash was young, he had a high tenor voice, before becoming a bass-baritone.[28] In high school, he sang on a local radio station; decades later he released an album of traditional gospel songs, called My Mother's Hymn Book. He was also significantly influenced by traditional Irish music that he heard performed weekly by Dennis Day on the Jack Benny radio program.[29][page needed]
Military service[edit]
Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force on July 7, 1950.[30] After basic training at Lackland Air Force Base and technical training at Brooks Air Force Base, both in San Antonio, Texas, Cash was assigned to the 12th Radio Squadron Mobile of the U.S. Air Force Security Service at Landsberg, Germany as a Morse Code operator intercepting Soviet Army transmissions.[31] It was there he created his first band, named "The Landsberg Barbarians".[32] He was honorably discharged as a staff sergeant on July 3, 1954, and returned to Texas.[33] During his military service, he acquired a distinctive scar on the right side of his jaw as a result of surgery to remove a cyst.[34][35]
Marriages and family[edit]
On July 18, 1951, while in Air Force training, Cash met 17-year-old Vivian Liberto at a roller skating rink in her native San Antonio. They dated for three weeks until Cash was deployed to Germany for a three-year tour. During that time, the couple exchanged hundreds of pages of love letters.[36] On August 7, 1954, one month after his discharge, they were married at St. Ann's Roman Catholic Church in San Antonio. The ceremony was performed by her uncle, Father Vincent Liberto. They had four daughters: Rosanne, Kathy, Cindy, and Tara. Liberto stated that Cash's drug and alcohol abuse, as well as constant touring, affairs with other women, and his close relationship with June Carter led her to file for divorce in 1966.
Cash met June Carter, of the famed Carter Family while on tour and became infatuated, as did she. In 1968, 13 years after they first met backstage at the Grand Ole Opry, Cash proposed to June, during a live performance in London, Ontario.[37] The couple married on March 1, 1968, in Franklin, Kentucky. They had one child together, John Carter Cash, born March 3, 1970. Cash and Carter continued to work, raise their children, create music, and tour together for 35 years until June's death in May 2003. Throughout their marriage June attempted to keep Cash off of amphetamines, often taking his drugs and flushing them down the toilet. June remained with Johnny throughout multiple rehab visits and years of drug abuse. After June's passing, Cash believed that his only reason for living was his music.[38] Cash died four months later.[8]
Career[edit]
Early career[edit]




Publicity photo for Sun Records


In 1954, Cash and Vivian moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he sold appliances while studying to be a radio announcer. At night he played with guitarist Luther Perkins and bassist Marshall Grant. Perkins and Grant were known as the Tennessee Two. Cash worked up the courage to visit the Sun Records studio, hoping to get a recording contract. After auditioning for Sam Phillips, singing mostly gospel songs, Phillips told him that he didn't record gospel music any longer. It was once rumored that Phillips told Cash to "go home and sin, then come back with a song I can sell", although in a 2002 interview Cash denied that Phillips made any such comment.[39] Cash eventually won over the producer with new songs delivered in his early rockabilly style. In 1955, Cash made his first recordings at Sun, "Hey Porter" and "Cry! Cry! Cry!", which were released in late June and met with success on the country hit parade.
On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley dropped in on Phillips while Carl Perkins was in the studio cutting new tracks, with Jerry Lee Lewis backing him on piano. Cash was also in the studio and the four started an impromptu jam session. Phillips left the tapes running and the recordings, almost half of which were gospel songs, survived and have since been released under the title Million Dollar Quartet. In Cash: the Autobiography, Cash wrote that he was the one farthest from the microphone and was singing in a higher pitch to blend in with Elvis.
Cash's next record, "Folsom Prison Blues", made the country Top 5, and "I Walk the Line" became No. 1 on the country charts and entered the pop charts Top 20. "Home of the Blues" followed, recorded in July 1957. That same year Cash became the first Sun artist to release a long-playing album. Although he was Sun's most consistently selling and prolific artist at that time, Cash felt constrained by his contract with the small label partly due to the fact that Phillips wasn't keen on Johnny recording gospel, and he was getting only a 3% royalty as opposed to the standard rate of 5%. Presley had already left Sun, and Phillips was focusing most of his attention and promotion on Lewis. The following year, Cash left the label to sign a lucrative offer with Columbia Records, where his single "Don't Take Your Guns to Town" became one of his biggest hits and his second album for Columbia was a collection of gospel songs. However, Cash left behind a sufficient backlog of recordings with Sun that Phillips continued to release new singles and even albums featuring previously unreleased material until as late as 1964, placing Cash in the unusual position of having new releases out on two labels concurrently, with one 1960 release, a cover of "Oh Lonesome Me" making as high as No. 13 on the C&W charts. (As opposed to when RCA Victor signed Presley and also bought his Sun Records masters, when Cash departed for Columbia, Phillips retained the rights to Cash's Sun masters; Columbia eventually licensed some of these recordings for release on compilations after Cash's death.)




The Tennessee Three with Cash in 1963.


Early in his career, he was given the teasing nickname The Undertaker by fellow artists because of his habit of wearing black clothes – though he did so only because they were easier to keep looking clean on long tours.[40]
In the early 1960s, Cash toured with the Carter Family, which by this time regularly included Mother Maybelle's daughters, Anita, June, and Helen. June later recalled admiring him from afar during these tours. In the 1960s, he appeared on Pete Seeger's short-lived television series Rainbow Quest.[41] He also acted in and wrote and sang the opening theme for a 1961 film entitled Five Minutes to Live, later re-released as Door-to-door Maniac.
Cash's career was handled by Saul Holiff, a London, Ontario, promoter, and this relationship was the subject of Saul's son's biopic My Father and the Man in Black.[42]
Outlaw image[edit]
As his career was taking off in the late 1950s, Cash started drinking heavily and became addicted to amphetamines and barbiturates. For a brief time, he shared an apartment in Nashville with Waylon Jennings, who was heavily addicted to amphetamines. Cash used the uppers to stay awake during tours. Friends joked about his "nervousness" and erratic behavior, many ignoring the warning signs of his worsening drug addiction.
Although he was in many ways spiraling out of control, Cash's frenetic creativity was still delivering hits. His rendition of "Ring of Fire" was a crossover hit, reaching No. 1 on the country charts and entering the Top 20 on the pop charts. It was originally performed by June's sister, but the signature mariachi-style horn arrangement was provided by Cash,[43] who said that it had come to him in a dream. Vivian Liberto claimed a different version of the origins of "Ring of Fire." In her book, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, Liberto states that Cash gave Carter the credit for monetary reasons.[44]
In June 1965, his camper caught fire during a fishing trip with his nephew Damon Fielder in Los Padres National Forest in California, triggering a forest fire that burnt several hundred acres and nearly killed Cash.[45][46] Cash claimed that the fire was caused by sparks from a defective exhaust system on his camper, but Fielder thinks that Cash started a fire to stay warm and in his drugged condition failed to notice the fire getting out of control.[47][page needed] When the judge asked Cash why he did it, Cash said, "I didn't do it, my truck did, and it's dead, so you can't question it."[26][page needed] The fire destroyed 508 acres (206 ha), burning the foliage off three mountains and driving off forty-nine of the refuge's 53 endangered condors.[48] Cash was unrepentant and claimed, "I don't care about your damn yellow buzzards." The federal government sued him and was awarded $125,172. Cash eventually settled the case and paid $82,001.[49] He said he was the only person ever sued by the government for starting a forest fire.[26][page needed]
Although Cash carefully cultivated a romantic outlaw image, he never served a prison sentence. Despite landing in jail seven times for misdemeanors, each stay lasted only a single night. His most infamous run-in with the law occurred while on tour in 1965, when he was arrested October 4 by a narcotics squad in El Paso, Texas. The officers suspected he was smuggling heroin from Mexico, but found instead 688 Dexedrine capsules (amphetamines) and 475 Equanil (sedatives or tranquilizers) tablets that the singer had hidden inside his guitar case. Because the pills were prescription drugs rather than illegal narcotics, he received a suspended sentence.




Johnny Cash and his second wife, June Carter


Cash had also been arrested on May 11, 1965, in Starkville, Mississippi, for trespassing late at night onto private property to pick flowers. (This incident gave the spark for the song "Starkville City Jail", which he discussed on his live At San Quentin album.)[50] In the mid-1960s, Cash released a number of concept albums, including Sings the Ballads of the True West (1965), an experimental double record mixing authentic frontier songs with Cash's spoken narration, and Bitter Tears (1964), with songs highlighting the plight of the Native Americans. His drug addiction was at its worst at this point, and his destructive behavior led to a divorce from his first wife and canceled performances. Nonetheless, he continued to find success and in 1967, Cash's duet with June Carter, "Jackson," won a Grammy Award.[51]
Cash's final arrest was in 1967 in Walker County, Georgia, after being involved in a car accident while carrying a bag of prescription pills. Cash attempted to bribe a local deputy, who turned the money down; Cash then spent the night in a LaFayette, Georgia, jail. The singer was released after a long talk with Sheriff Ralph Jones, who warned him of his dangerous behavior and wasted potential. Cash credited that experience for saving his life, and he later came back to LaFayette to play a benefit concert that attracted 12,000 people (the city population was less than 9,000 at the time) and raised $75,000 for the high school.[52] Reflecting on his past in a 1997 interview, Cash noted: "I was taking the pills for awhile, and then the pills started taking me."[53]
Cash curtailed his use of drugs for several years in 1968, after a spiritual epiphany in the Nickajack Cave, when he attempted to commit suicide while under the heavy influence of drugs. He descended deeper into the cave, trying to lose himself and "just die," when he passed out on the floor. He reported being exhausted and feeling at the end of his rope when he felt God's presence in his heart and managed to struggle out of the cave (despite the exhaustion) by following a faint light and slight breeze. To him, it was his own rebirth. June, Maybelle, and Ezra Carter moved into Cash's mansion for a month to help him conquer his addiction. Cash proposed onstage to June at a concert at the London Gardens in London, Ontario, Canada, on February 22, 1968; the couple married a week later (on March 1) in Franklin, Kentucky. She had agreed to marry Cash after he had "cleaned up."[54]
He rediscovered his Christian faith, taking an "altar call" in Evangel Temple, a small church in the Nashville area, pastored by Reverend Jimmie Rodgers Snow, son of country music legend Hank Snow. According to longtime friend Marshall Grant, Cash's 1968 rebirth experience did not result in his completely stopping use of amphetamines. However, beginning in 1970, Cash ended all drug use for a period of seven years. Grant claims that the birth of Cash's son, John Carter Cash inspired Cash to end his dependence. Cash began using amphetamines again in 1977. By 1983, he was once again addicted and entered the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, California for rehabilitation. Cash managed to stay off drugs for several years, but by 1989, he was dependent again and entered Nashville's Cumberland Heights Alcohol and Drug Treatment Center. In 1992, he entered the Loma Linda Behavioral Medicine Center in Loma Linda, California, for his final rehabilitation (several months later, his son followed him into this facility for treatment).[55][56][57]
Folsom and other prison concerts[edit]
Cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s. He played his first famous prison concert on January 1, 1958, at San Quentin State Prison.[58] These performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums, Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison (1968) and Johnny Cash at San Quentin (1969). Both live albums reached number 1 on Billboard country album music and the latter crossed over to reach the top of the Billboard pop album chart. In 1969 Cash became an international hit when he eclipsed even the Beatles by selling 6.5 million albums.[59] In comparison, the prison concerts were much more successful than his later live albums such as Strawberry Cake recorded in London and Live at Madison Square Garden, which peaked at #33 and #39 on the album charts respectively.
The Folsom Prison record was introduced by a rendition of his "Folsom Prison Blues," while the San Quentin record included the crossover hit single "A Boy Named Sue," a Shel Silverstein-penned novelty song that reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 2 on the U.S. Top Ten pop charts. The AM versions of the latter contained profanities which were edited out. The modern CD versions are unedited and thus also longer than the original vinyl albums, though they retain the audience reaction overdubs of the originals.
Cash performed at the Österåker Prison in Sweden in 1972. The live album På Österåker ("At Österåker") was released in 1973. "San Quentin" was recorded with Cash replacing "San Quentin" with "Österåker". In 1976, a further prison concert, this time at Tennessee Prison, was videotaped for TV broadcast and received a belated CD release after Cash's death as A Concert Behind Prison Walls.
Activism for Native Americans[edit]
In 1965, Cash and June Carter appeared on Pete Seeger's TV show, Rainbow Quest, on which Cash explained his start as an activist for Native Americans:

In '57, I wrote a song called 'Old Apache Squaw' and then forgot the so-called Indian protest for a while, but nobody else seemed to speak up with any volume of voice.[60]

Columbia, the label for which Cash was recording then, was opposed to putting the song on his next album, considering it "too radical for the public".[61] Cash singing songs of Indian tragedy and settler violence went radically against the mainstream of country music in the 1950s, which was dominated by the image of the righteous cowboy who simply makes the native's soil his own.[62]
In 1964, coming off the chart success that his previous album "I Walk The Line" had been, he recorded the aforementioned album Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian.
The album featured stories of a multitude of native peoples, mostly of their violent oppression by white settlers: The Pima ("The Ballad of Ira Hayes"), Navajo ("Navajo"), Apache ("Apache Tears"), Lakota ("Big Foot"), Seneca ("As Long as the Grass Shall Grow"), and Cherokee ("Talking Leaves"). Cash wrote three of the songs himself and one with the help of Johnny Horton, but the majority of the protest songs were written by folk artist Peter La Farge[63] (son of activist and Pulitzer prizewinner Oliver La Farge), whom Cash met in New York in the 1960s and whom he admired for his activism.[64] The album's single, "The Ballad of Ira Hayes," was neglected by non-political radio at the time, and the record label denied it any promotion due to its provocative protesting and thus "unappealing" nature.[65] Cash faced resistance and was even urged by an editor of a country music magazine to leave the Country Music Association: "You and your crowd are just too intelligent to associate with plain country folks, country artists, and country DJs."[66]
In reaction, on August 22, 1964, the singer posted a letter as an advertisement in Billboard Magazine, calling the record industry cowardly. "D.J.s – station managers – owners ... where are your guts?" he demands. "I had to fight back when I realized that so many stations are afraid of Ira Hayes. Just one question: WHY???" He concludes the letter, "Ira Hayes is strong medicine ... So is Rochester, Harlem, Birmingham and Vietnam." [67] Cash kept promoting the song himself and used his influence on radio disc jockeys he knew eventually to make the song climb to number three on the country charts, while the album rose to number two on the album charts.[66]




Cash in 1969


Later, on The Johnny Cash Show, he continued telling stories of Native-American plight, both in song and through short films, such as the history of the Trail of Tears.[68]
In 1966, in response to his activism, the singer was adopted by the Seneca Nation's Turtle Clan. He performed benefits in 1968 at the Rosebud Reservation, close to the historical landmark of the massacre at Wounded Knee, to raise money to help build a school. He also played at the D-Q University in the 1980s.[69]
In 1970, Cash recording a reading of John G. Burnett's 1890 80th birthday essay [70] on Cherokee removal for the Historical Landmarks Association (Nashville).[71]
"The Man in Black"[edit]




Cash advocated prison reform at his July 1972 meeting with United States President Richard Nixon


From 1969 to 1971, Cash starred in his own television show, The Johnny Cash Show, on the ABC network. The Statler Brothers opened up for him in every episode; the Carter Family and rockabilly legend Carl Perkins were also part of the regular show entourage. Cash also enjoyed booking mainstream performers as guests; including Neil Young, Louis Armstrong, Neil Diamond, Kenny Rogers and The First Edition (who appeared four times), James Taylor, Ray Charles, Roger Miller, Roy Orbison, Derek and the Dominos, and Bob Dylan. During the same period, he contributed the title song and other songs to the film Little Fauss and Big Halsey, which starred Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, and Lauren Hutton. The title song, "The Ballad of Little Fauss and Big Halsey," written by Carl Perkins, was nominated for a Golden Globe award.[72]
Cash had met with Dylan in the mid-1960s and became closer friends when they were neighbors in the late 1960s in Woodstock, New York. Cash was enthusiastic about reintroducing the reclusive Dylan to his audience. Cash sang a duet with Dylan on Dylan's country album Nashville Skyline and also wrote the album's Grammy-winning liner notes.
Another artist who received a major career boost from The Johnny Cash Show was Kris Kristofferson, who was beginning to make a name for himself as a singer-songwriter. During a live performance of Kristofferson's "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down," Cash refused to change the lyrics to suit network executives, singing the song with its references to marijuana intact:


On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishin', Lord, that I was stoned.[73]


By the early 1970s, he had crystallized his public image as "The Man in Black." He regularly performed dressed all in black, wearing a long black knee-length coat. This outfit stood in contrast to the costumes worn by most of the major country acts in his day: rhinestone suits and cowboy boots. In 1971, Cash wrote the song "Man in Black," to help explain his dress code:


We're doing mighty fine I do suppose
In our streak of lightning cars and fancy clothes
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back
Up front there ought to be a man in black.






Cash performing in Bremen, West Germany, in September 1972


He wore 'black' on behalf of the poor and hungry, on behalf of "the prisoner who has long paid for his crime," and on behalf of those who have been betrayed by age or drugs.[74] "And," Cash added, "with the Vietnam War as painful in my mind as it was in most other Americans, I wore it 'in mournin' for the lives that could have been' ... Apart from the Vietnam War being over, I don't see much reason to change my position ... The old are still neglected, the poor are still poor, the young are still dying before their time, and we're not making many moves to make things right. There's still plenty of darkness to carry off."[74]




Cash in the "one piece at a time" Cadillac


He and his band had initially worn black shirts because that was the only matching color they had among their various outfits. He wore other colors on stage early in his career, but he claimed to like wearing black both on and off stage. He stated that political reasons aside, he simply liked black as his on-stage color.[26][page needed] The outdated US Navy's winter blue uniform used to be referred to by sailors as "Johnny Cashes," as the uniform's shirt, tie, and trousers are solid black.[75]
In the mid-1970s, Cash's popularity and number of hit songs began to decline. He made commercials for Amoco and STP, an unpopular enterprise at the time of the 1970s energy crisis. In 1976 he made commercials for Lionel Trains, for which he also wrote the music.[76] However, his first autobiography, Man in Black, was published in 1975 and sold 1.3 million copies. A second, Cash: The Autobiography, appeared in 1997.
His friendship with Billy Graham [77] led to the production of a film about the life of Jesus, The Gospel Road, which Cash co-wrote and narrated. Cash and June Carter Cash appeared several times on the Billy Graham Crusade TV specials, and Cash continued to include gospel and religious songs on many of his albums, though Columbia declined to release A Believer Sings the Truth, a gospel double-LP Cash recorded in 1979 and which ended up being released on an independent label even with Cash still under contract to Columbia. On November 22, 1974, CBS ran his one-hour TV special entitled "Riding The Rails", a musical history of trains.
He continued to appear on television, hosting Christmas specials on CBS in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Later television appearances included a starring role in an episode of Columbo, entitled "Swan Song". He and June appeared in an episode of Little House on the Prairie, entitled "The Collection". He gave a performance as John Brown in the 1985 American Civil War television mini-series North and South. Johnny and June also appeared in Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman in recurring roles.[72]
He was friendly with every US President starting with Richard Nixon. He was closest to Jimmy Carter, with whom he became close friends and who was a distant cousin of his wife, June Carter Cash.[26]
When invited to perform at the White House for the first time in 1970,[78] Richard Nixon's office requested that he play "Okie from Muskogee" (a satirical Merle Haggard song about people who despised youthful drug users and war protesters), "Welfare Cadillac" (a Guy Drake song which denies the integrity of welfare recipients), and "A Boy Named Sue." Cash declined to play the first two and instead selected other songs, including "The Ballad of Ira Hayes" (about a brave Native American World War II veteran who was mistreated upon his return to Arizona), and his own compositions, "What Is Truth" and "Man in Black". Cash wrote that the reasons for denying Nixon's song choices were not knowing them and having fairly short notice to rehearse them, rather than any political reason.[26][page needed] However, Cash added, even if Nixon's office had given Cash enough time to learn and rehearse the songs, their choice of pieces that conveyed "anti-hippie and anti-black" sentiments might have backfired.[79] In his remarks when introducing Cash, Nixon joked that one thing he'd learned about the singer was one didn't tell him what to sing.[80]
. Johnny Cash was the Grand Marshal of the United States Bicentennial parade.[81]. He wore a shirt from Nudie Cohn which sold for $25,000 in auction in 2010. [82] After the parade he gave a concert at the Washington monument. [83]
Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records[edit]




The Highwaymen members Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson


In 1980, Cash became the Country Music Hall of Fame's youngest living inductee at age 48. But during the 1980s, his records failed to make a major impact on the country charts, although he continued to tour successfully. In the mid-1980s, he recorded and toured with Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson as The Highwaymen, making three hit albums which were released beginning with the originally titled "Highwaymen" in 1985, followed by "Highwaymen 2" in 1990, and concluding with "Highwaymen – The Road Goes on forever" in 1995.
During that period, Cash appeared in a number of television films. In 1981, he starred in The Pride of Jesse Hallam, winning fine reviews for a film that called attention to adult illiteracy. In the same year, Cash appeared as a "very special guest star" in an episode of the Muppet Show. In 1983, he appeared as a heroic sheriff in Murder in Coweta County, based on a real-life Georgia murder case, which co-starred Andy Griffith as his nemesis and featured June Carter in a small but important role. Cash had tried for years to make the film, for which he won acclaim.[72]
Cash relapsed into addiction after being administered painkillers for a serious abdominal injury in 1983 caused by an unusual incident in which he was kicked and wounded by an ostrich he kept on his farm.[84]
At a hospital visit in 1988, this time to watch over Waylon Jennings (who was recovering from a heart attack), Jennings suggested that Cash has himself checked into the hospital for his own heart condition. Doctors recommended preventive heart surgery, and Cash underwent double bypass surgery in the same hospital. Both recovered, although Cash refused to use any prescription painkillers, fearing a relapse into dependency. Cash later claimed that during his operation, he had what is called a "near death experience".
Cash's recording career and his general relationship with the Nashville establishment were at an all-time low in the 1980s. He realized that his record label of nearly 30 years, Columbia, was growing indifferent to him and was not properly marketing him (he was "invisible" during that time, as he said in his autobiography).
 In 1984, Cash released a self-parody recording titled "Chicken in Black," about Cash's brain being transplanted into a chicken and Cash receiving a bank robber's brain in return. Biographer Robert Hilburn, in the 2013-published Johnny Cash: The Life disputes the claim made that Cash chose to record an intentionally poor song in protest of Columbia's treatment of him. On the contrary, Hilburn writes, it was Columbia that presented Cash with the song, which Cash – who had previously scored major chart hits with comedic material such as "A Boy Named Sue" and "One Piece at a Time" – accepted enthusiastically, performing the song live on stage and filming a comedic music video in which he dresses up in a superhero-like bank robber costume. According to Hilburn, Cash's enthusiasm for the song waned after Waylon Jennings told Cash he looked "like a buffoon" in the music video (which was showcased during Cash's 1984 Christmas TV special), and Cash subsequently demanded that Columbia withdraw the music video from broadcast and recall the single from stores—interrupting its bona fide chart success—and termed the venture "a fiasco."[85]
Between 1981 and 1984, he recorded several sessions with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill (who also produced "Chicken in Black") which were shelved; they would be released by Columbia's sister label, Legacy Recordings, in 2014 as Out Among the Stars.[86] Around this time, Cash also recorded an album of gospel recordings that ended up being released by another label around the time of his departure from Columbia (this due to Columbia closing down its Priority Records division that was to have released the recordings).
After more unsuccessful recordings were released in 1984–85, Cash left Columbia (At least as a solo artist; he continued to record for Columbia on non-solo projects until as late as 1990, recording a duets album with Waylon Jennings and two albums as a member of The Highwaymen.)
In 1986, Cash returned to Sun Studios in Memphis to team up with Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins to create the album Class of '55; according to Hilburn, Columbia still had Cash under contract at the time, so special arrangements had to be made to allow him to participate.[87] Also in 1986, Cash published his only novel, Man in White, a book about Saul and his conversion to become the Apostle Paul. He recorded Johnny Cash Reads The Complete New Testament in 1990.
American Recordings[edit]




Johnny Cash sings a duet with a Navy lieutenant c. 1987


After Columbia Records dropped Cash from his recording contract, he had a short and unsuccessful stint with Mercury Records from 1987 to 1991. During this time, he recorded an album of new versions of some of his best-known Sun and Columbia hits, as well as Water from the Wells of Home, a duets album that paired him with, among others, his children Rosanne Cash and John Carter Cash, as well as Paul McCartney. A one-off Christmas album recorded for Delta Records followed his Mercury contract.
His career was rejuvenated in the 1990s, leading to popularity with an audience which was not traditionally considered interested in country music. In 1991, he sang a version of "Man in Black" for the Christian punk band One Bad Pig's album I Scream Sunday. In 1993, he sang "The Wanderer" on U2's album Zooropa which was the closing track. According to Rolling Stone writer, Adam Gold,"The Wanderer" – written for Cash by Bono, "defies both the U2 and Cash canons, combining rhythmic and textural elements of Nineties synth-pop with a Countrypolitan lament fit for the closing credits of a Seventies western." [88].
Although no longer sought after by major labels, he was offered a contract with producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings label, which had recently been rebranded from Def American, under which name it was better known for rap and hard rock. Under Rubin's supervision, he recorded American Recordings (1994) in his living room, accompanied only by his Martin Dreadnought guitar – one of many Cash played throughout his career.[89] The album featured covers of contemporary artists selected by Rubin including "Down There by the Train" by Tom Waits. The album had a great deal of critical and commercial success, winning a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Cash wrote that his reception at the 1994 Glastonbury Festival was one of the highlights of his career. This was the beginning of a decade of music industry accolades and commercial success. He teamed up with Brooks & Dunn to contribute "Folsom Prison Blues" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Country produced by the Red Hot Organization. On the same album, he performed the Bob Dylan favorite "Forever Young."
Cash and his wife appeared on a number of episodes of the television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. He also lent his voice for a cameo role in The Simpsons episode "El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)", as the "Space Coyote" that guides Homer Simpson on a spiritual quest.[72]
In 1996, Cash enlisted the accompaniment of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and released Unchained (also known as American Recordings II), which won the Best Country Album Grammy in 1998. The album was produced by Rick Rubin with Sylvia Massy engineering and mixing. A majority of "Unchained" was recorded at Sound City Studios and featured guest appearances by Lindsay Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, and Marty Stuart. Believing he did not explain enough of himself in his 1975 autobiography Man in Black, he wrote Cash: The Autobiography in 1997.
Last years[edit]




Cash's original grave (top) and the Cash/Carter memorial


In 1997, Cash was diagnosed with the neurodegenerative disease Shy–Drager syndrome, a form of multiple system atrophy; according to biographer Robert Hilburn, the disease was originally misdiagnosed as Parkinson's disease, and Cash even announced to a concert audience that he had Parkinson's during a show in Flint, Michigan, on October 25, 1997, after he nearly collapsed on stage; soon after his diagnosis was changed to Shy–Drager and Cash was told he had approximately 18 months to live.[90] The diagnosis was later again altered to autonomic neuropathy associated with diabetes. The illness forced Cash to curtail his touring. He was hospitalized in 1998 with severe pneumonia, which damaged his lungs.
During the last stage of his career, Cash released the albums American III: Solitary Man (2000) and American IV: The Man Comes Around (2002). American IV included cover songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.[91] Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails commented that he was initially skeptical about Cash's plan to cover "Hurt", but was later impressed and moved by the rendition.[92] The video for "Hurt" received critical and popular acclaim.[93][94]
June Carter Cash died on May 15, 2003, at the age of 73.[95] June had told Cash to keep working, so he continued to record, completing 60 more songs in the last four months of his life, and even performed a couple of surprise shows at the Carter Family Fold outside Bristol, Virginia. At the July 5, 2003, concert (his last public performance), before singing "Ring of Fire", Cash read a statement about his late wife that he had written shortly before taking the stage:

The spirit of June Carter overshadows me tonight with the love she had for me and the love I have for her. We connect somewhere between here and Heaven. She came down for a short visit, I guess, from Heaven to visit with me tonight to give me courage and inspiration like she always has.

Cash continued to record until shortly before his death. His final recordings were made on August 21, 2003, and consisted of "Like the 309", which appeared on American V: A Hundred Highways in 2006, and the final song he completed, "Engine 143", which was recorded for his son John Carter Cash for a planned Carter Family tribute album.[96]
Death[edit]
While hospitalized at Baptist Hospital in Nashville, Cash died of complications from diabetes at approximately 2:00 a.m. CT on September 12, 2003, aged 71—less than four months after his wife. It was suggested that Johnny's health worsened due to a broken heart over June's death.[97][98] He was buried next to his wife in Hendersonville Memory Gardens near his home in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
In June 2005, Cash's lakeside home on Caudill Drive in Hendersonville was put up for sale by his estate. In January 2006, the house was sold to Bee Gees vocalist Barry Gibb and wife Linda, and titled to their Florida limited liability company for $2.3 million. The listing agent was Cash's younger brother, Tommy. On April 10, 2007, during a major restoration of the property by the new owner, Cash's home was accidentally destroyed in a spontaneous combustion-ignited fire caused by workers using linseed oil products.[99]
One of Cash's final collaborations with producer Rick Rubin, American V: A Hundred Highways, was released posthumously on July 4, 2006. The album debuted in the No.1 position on the Billboard Top 200 album chart for the week ending July 22, 2006. On February 23, 2010, three days before what would have been Cash's 78th birthday, the Cash Family, Rick Rubin, and Lost Highway Records released his second posthumous record, titled American VI: Ain't No Grave.
Religious beliefs[edit]
Cash was raised by his parents in the Southern Baptist denomination of Christianity. He was baptized in 1944 in the Tyronza River as a member of the Central Baptist Church of Dyess, Arkansas.[100]
A troubled but devout Christian,[101][102][page needed] Cash has been characterized as a "lens through which to view American contradictions and challenges."[d][104][105] A biblical scholar,[2][106][107] he penned a Christian novel, Man in White, and in the introduction Cash writes about a reporter who, interested in Cash's religious beliefs, questions whether the book is written from a Baptist, Catholic, or Jewish perspective. Cash denies an answer to the book's view and his own, and replies, "I'm a Christian. Don't put me in another box."[108][page needed][109]
In the mid-seventies, Cash and his wife, June, completed a course of study in the Bible through Christian International Bible College.[56] Cash often performed at Billy Graham Crusades. At a Tallahassee Crusade in 1986, June and Johnny sang his song, "One of These Days I'm Gonna Sit Down And Talk To Paul." [110]At a notable performance in Arkansas in 1989 Johnny Cash spoke to attendees of his commitment to the salvation of drug dealers and alcoholics. He then sang, "Family Bible." [111]
He made a spoken word recording of the entire New King James Version of the New Testament.[112][113] Cash declared he was "the biggest sinner of them all", and viewed himself overall as a complicated and contradictory man.[114][e] Accordingly,[f] Cash is said to have "contained multitudes," and has been deemed "the philosopher-prince of American country music."[119][120]
Cash is credited with having converted actor and singer John Schneider to Christianity.[121]
Legacy[edit]




The clothes and guitar of Johnny Cash on exhibit in the Artist Gallery of the Musical Instrument Museum of Phoenix


Cash's daughter Rosanne (by first wife Vivian Liberto) and his son John Carter Cash (by June Carter Cash) are notable musicians in their own right.
Cash nurtured and defended artists (such as Bob Dylan[43]) on the fringes of what was acceptable in country music even while serving as the country music establishment's most visible symbol. At an all-star concert which aired in 1999 on TNT, a diverse group of artists paid him tribute, including Dylan, Chris Isaak, Wyclef Jean, Norah Jones, Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, Dom DeLuise, and U2. Cash himself appeared at the end and performed for the first time in more than a year. Two tribute albums were released shortly before his death; Kindred Spirits contains works from established artists, while Dressed in Black contains works from many lesser-known musicians. In total, he wrote over 1,000 songs and released dozens of albums. A box set titled Unearthed was issued posthumously. It included four CDs of unreleased material recorded with Rubin as well as a Best of Cash on American retrospective CD. The set also includes a 104-page book that discusses each track and features one of Cash's final interviews.[122]
In recognition of his lifelong support of SOS Children's Villages, his family invited friends and fans to donate to the Johnny Cash Memorial Fund in his memory. He had a personal link with the SOS village in Diessen, at the Ammersee Lake in Southern Germany, near where he was stationed as a GI, and with the SOS village in Barrett Town, by Montego Bay, near his holiday home in Jamaica.[123][124]
In 1999, Cash received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Cash No. 31 on their "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list[125][126] and No. 21 on their "100 Greatest Singers" list in 2010.[127] In 2012 Rolling Stone ranked Cash's 1968 live album At Folsom Prison and 1994 studio album American Recordings at No. 88[128] and No. 366[129] in its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The main street in Hendersonville, Tennessee, Highway 31E, is known as "Johnny Cash Parkway."[citation needed]
The Johnny Cash Museum, located in one of Cash's properties in Hendersonville until 2006, dubbed the House of Cash, was sold based on Cash's will. Prior to this, having been closed for a number of years, the museum had been featured in Cash's music video for "Hurt." The house subsequently burned down during the renovation by the new owner. A new museum, founded by Shannon and Bill Miller, opened April 26, 2013, in downtown Nashville.[130]
On November 2–4, 2007, the Johnny Cash Flower Pickin' Festival was held in Starkville, Mississippi, where Cash had been arrested more than 40 years earlier and held overnight at the city jail on May 11, 1965. The incident inspired Cash to write the song "Starkville City Jail". The festival, where he was offered a symbolic posthumous pardon, honored Cash's life and music and was expected to become an annual event.[131]
JC Unit One, Johnny Cash's private tour bus from 1980 until 2003, was put on exhibit at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2007. The museum offers public tours of the bus on a seasonal basis (it is stored during the winter months and not exhibited during those times).[132]
A limited-edition Forever stamp honoring Cash went on sale June 5, 2013. The stamp features a promotional picture of Cash taken around the 1963 release of "Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. The Undertaker used Cash's version of "Ain't No Grave" at WrestleMania XXVII as his entrance theme.[133]
On October 14, 2014, The City of Folsom unveiled Phase 1 of the Johnny Cash Trail to the public with a dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Roseanne Cash. Along the trail, eight larger-than-life public art pieces will tell the story of Johnny Cash, his connection to Folsom Prison, and his epic musical career. The Johnny Cash Trail features art selected by a committee that included Cindy Cash, a 2-acre (0.81 ha) Legacy Park, and over 3 miles (4.8 km) of multi-use Class-I bike trail. The artists responsible for the sculptures are Sacramento-based Romo Studios, LLC and the Fine Art Studio of Rotblatt Amrany, from Illinois.[134]
In 2015, a new species of black tarantula was identified near Folsom Prison and named Aphonopelma johnnycashi in his honor.
In 2016, the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team added the "Country Legends Race" to its between-innings entertainment. At the middle of the fifth inning, people in oversized foam caricature costumes depicting Cash, as well as George Jones and Reba McEntire, race around the warning track at First Tennessee Park from center field to the home plate side of the first base dugout.[135]
The Johnny Cash Heritage Festival will be held in Dyess, Arkansas on October 19-21, 2017 [136]. It will build on the music festival held for four years on the Arkansas State University campus in Jonesboro. The festival honors Johnny Cash and explores the New Deal programs that shaped his childhood in Dyess, Arkansas. The Festival includes a concert in the field adjacent to the Cash Home and Arkansas roots music in the Colony Circle.

Portrayals[edit]
Country singer Mark Collie portrayed Cash in John Lloyd Miller's award-winning 1999 short film I Still Miss Someone.[72]
In November 2005, Walk the Line, a biographical film about Cash's life, was released in the United States to considerable commercial success and critical acclaim. The film featured Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny (for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor) and Reese Witherspoon as June (for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress). Phoenix and Witherspoon also won the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy and Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy, respectively. They both performed their own vocals in the film (with their version of "Jackson" being released as a single), and Phoenix learned to play guitar for the role. Phoenix received a Grammy Award for his contributions to the soundtrack. John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny and June, served as an executive producer.[72]
On March 12, 2006, Ring of Fire, a jukebox musical of the Cash oeuvre, debuted on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theater but closed due to harsh reviews and disappointing sales on April 30. Million Dollar Quartet, a musical portraying the early Sun recording sessions involving Cash, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins, debuted on Broadway on April 11, 2010. Actor Lance Guest portrayed Cash. The musical was nominated for three awards at the 2010 Tony Awards and won one.
Robert Hilburn, veteran Los Angeles Times pop music critic, the journalist who accompanied Cash in his 1968 Folsom prison tour, and interviewed Cash many times throughout his life including months before his death, published a 688-page biography with 16 pages of photographs in 2013.[137] The meticulously reported biography is said to have filled in the 80 percent of Cash's life that was unknown, including details about Cash's battles with addiction and infidelity.[138] The book reportedly does not hold back any details about the darker side of Johnny Cash and includes details about his affair with his pregnant wife June Carter's sister.[139]
Awards and honors[edit]
For detailed lists of music awards, see List of awards received by Johnny Cash.
Cash received multiple Country Music Association Awards, Grammys, and other awards, in categories ranging from vocal and spoken performances to album notes and videos. In a career that spanned almost five decades, during which he rose to recording industry icon status, Cash was the personification of country music to many people around the world. Cash was a musician who was not defined by a single genre. He recorded songs that could be considered rock and roll, blues, rockabilly, folk, and gospel, and exerted an influence on each of those genres.[citation needed]
His diversity was evidenced by his presence in five major music halls of fame: the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame (1977), the Country Music Hall of Fame (1980), the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (1992), GMA's Gospel Music Hall of Fame (2010) and the Memphis Music Hall of Fame (2013).[140][141] Cash was the only country music artist inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a "performer", unlike the other country members, who were inducted as "early influences".[citation needed]
His contributions to the genre have been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.[142] Cash received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1996 and stated that his induction into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980 was his greatest professional achievement. In 2001, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.[143] "Hurt" was nominated for six VMAs at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. The only VMA the video won was that for Best Cinematography. With the video, Johnny Cash became the oldest artist ever nominated for an MTV Video Music Award.[144] Justin Timberlake, who won Best Video that year for "Cry Me a River," said in his acceptance speech: "This is a travesty! I demand a recount. My grandfather raised me on Johnny Cash, and I think he deserves this more than any of us in here tonight."[145]
Discography[edit]
See Johnny Cash albums discography, Johnny Cash singles discography and Johnny Cash Sun Records discography.
Filmography[edit]

Film

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1961
Five Minutes to Live
Johnny Cabot
Also titled Door-To-Door Maniac


1967
The Road to Nashville
Himself



1971
A Gunfight
Abe Cross



1974
The Gospel Road
Narrator/Himself



1994
Gene Autry, Melody of the West
Narrator
Documentary film; voice acting role


2003
The Hunted
Narrator
Voice acting role


2014
The Winding Stream
Interview subject[146]
Documentary film; archive footage



Television

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1959
Shotgun Slade
Sheriff
Episode: "The Stalkers"


1959
Wagon Train
Frank Hoag
Episode: "The C.L. Harding Story


1960
The Rebel
Pratt
Episode: "The Death of Gray"


1961
The Deputy
Bo Braddock
Episode: "The Deathly Quiet"


1969–1971
The Johnny Cash Show
Himself – host and performer
58 episodes


1970
The Partridge Family
Variety Show Host
Episode: "What? Get Out of Show Business?"


1973–1992
Sesame Street
Himself
4 episodes


1974–1988
Hee Haw
Himself
4 episodes


1974
Columbo
Tommy Brown
Episode: "Swan Song"


1974
Johnny Cash Ridin' the Rails—The Great American Train Story
Himself



1976
Johnny Cash and Friends
Himself
4 episodes


1976
Little House on the Prairie
Caleb Hodgekiss
Episode: "The Collection"


1976–1985
Johnny Cash specials (various titles)
Himself
15 specials


1978
Thaddeus Rose and Eddie
Thaddeus Rose
Television film


1980
The Muppet Show
Himself
Episode: "#5.21"


1981
The Pride of Jesse Hallam
Jesse Hallam
Television film


1982
Saturday Night Live
Himself
Episode: "Johnny Cash/Elton John"


1983
Murder in Coweta County
Lamarr Potts
Television film; also producer


1984
The Baron and the Kid
The Baron
Will
Television film


1985
North and South
John Brown
6 episodes


1986
The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James
Frank James
Television film


1986
Stagecoach
Curly Wilcox
Television film


1988
The Magical World of Disney
Elder Davy Crockett
Episode: "Rainbow in the Thunder"


1993–1997
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman
Kid Cole
4 episodes


1996
Renegade
Henry Travis
Episode: "The Road Not Taken"


1997
The Simpsons
Space Coyote
Episode: "The Mysterious Voyage of Homer"; voice acting role


1998
All My Friends Are Cowboys
Himself
Television special


2014
Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music
Himself
BBC4 1969 Bio Documentary by Robert Elfstromg; archive footage


Published works[edit]

Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words, Zondervan, 1975; ISBN 99924-31-58-X
Man in White, a novel about the Apostle Paul, HarperCollins, 1986; ISBN 0-06-250132-1
Cash: The Autobiography, with Patrick Carr, HarperCollins, 1997; ISBN 978-0-06-101357-7[147]
Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament, Thomas Nelson, 2011; ISBN 978-1-4185-4883-4[148]
Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara, 2014; ISBN 978-0-930677-03-9[149]
The Man Who Carried Cash: Saul Holiff, Johnny Cash, and the Making of an American Icon by Julie Chadwick, Dundurn Press, 2017; ISBN 978-1-459737-23-5

Notes[edit]



^ Although Cash's voice type endured over the years, his timbre changed noticeably: "Through a recording career that stretche[d] back to 1955", Pareles writes, Cash's "bass-baritone voice [went] from gravelly to grave".[5]
^ For Cash, black stage attire was a "symbol of rebellion—against a stagnant status quo, against ... hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas".[11]
^ Schultz refers to this phrase as Cash's "trademark greeting," and places his utterance of this line, on Cash's At Folsom Prison album, "among the most electrifying [seconds] in the history of concert recording."[12]
^ Other appraisals of Cash's iconic value have been even bolder.[103]
^ Urbanski[115] notes that Cash's habit of performing in black attire began in a church. In the following paragraph, he[116] quotes Cash[117] as indicating that this habit was partially reflective of Cash's rebellion "against our hypocritical houses of God".
^ According to Urbanski, Cash's self-perception was accurate: "He never intended to be categorized or pigeonholed", and indeed he amassed a "cluster of enigmas" which "was so impenetrably deep that even those closest to him never got to see every part of him".[118]



References[edit]


^ Johnny Cash—Guitars and Equipment, Über Pro Audio, 2009, retrieved May 15, 2009 
^ a b Johnny Cash & June Carter, Last.fm, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Holden, Stephen (September 13, 2003), "Johnny Cash, Country Music Bedrock, Dies at 71", The New York Times, retrieved February 25, 2013 
^ Jones, Rebecca (January 14, 2014). "More Johnny Cash material will be released says son". BBC News. Retrieved February 13, 2016. 
^ a b c Pareles 1994.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. xiv.
^ Dickie, M. (2002) [1987], "Hard talk from the God-fearin', pro-metal man in Black", in Streissguth, M., Ring of fire: The Johnny Cash reader, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo, pp. 201–205 
^ a b c d Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 196 
^ Fox, JA (October 17, 2005), "Hard time's never a 'circus'", The Boston Herald, Baylor University, archived from the original on September 20, 2006, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Streissguth 2005.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Schultz, B. (July 1, 2000), "Classic Tracks: Johnny Cash's 'Folsom Prison Blues'", Mix, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Mulligan, J. (February 24, 2010), Johnny Cash: American VI: Ain't No Grave (album review), entertainment.ie, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ For discussion of, and lyrics to, Cash's songs, see Cusic, D., ed. (2004), Johnny Cash: The songs, New York, NY: Thunder's Mouth 
^ Miller 2003, p. 341.
^ Ellis, A. (2004, 01). The man in black: Johnny cash, 1932–2003. Guitar Player, 38, 31–32, 34.
^ "Johnny Cash's Funeral", Johnny and June Carter Cash Memorial, Buddy Case, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ "Reba Cash Hancock", Harpeth Family Funeral Services, Harpeth hills, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ Millar, Anna (June 4, 2006), "Celtic connection as Cash walks the line in Fife", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ Cash, Roseanne (2010). A memoir. Viking Press. ISBN 978-1-101-45769-6. 
^ Manzoor, Sarfraz (February 7, 2010), Scottish roots of Johnny Cash, the man in black tartan, London, UK: The Guardian, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ a b Miller 2003, p. 11.
^ Dalton, Stephanie (January 15, 2006), "Walking the line back in time", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman.com, archived from the original on October 21, 2007, retrieved June 28, 2007 
^ Cash & Carr 1997, p. 3.
^ Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 6 
^ a b c d e f g Cash & Carr 1997.
^ Jack D. Cash, Find-a-Grave 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 31). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Gross 2006.
^ Abbott, William. "Johnny Cash – February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003". Southernmusic.net. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ Johnny Cash: The Biography (pg. 42)
^ Malone, William; McCulloh, Judith (1975), Stars of Country Music, Chicago, IL 
^ Berkowitz, Kenny (June 2001). "No Regrets – Johnny Cash, the man in black, is back at the top of his game". AcousticGuitar.com (102). Archived from the original on August 12, 2008. Retrieved June 28, 2009. 
^ Johnny Cash Things You Didn't Know About Johnny Cash at Taste of Country. Retrieved September 24, 2016
^ Johnny Cash at TV People Retrieved September 24
^ Turner 2004, pp. 43–44.
^ Sweeting, Adam (September 12, 2003), "Johnny Cash", The Guardian (Obituary), London, UK, retrieved January 26, 2009 
^ Puterbaugh, Parke. "Essential Johnny Cash." Rolling Stone October 16, 2003: 78. International Index to Music Periodicals Full Text [ProQuest]. Web. June 12, 2016.
^ The Man in Black's Musical Journey Continues, NPR, retrieved February 9, 2010 
^ "10 Things you didn't know about Johnny Cash". Retrieved August 29, 2014. 
^ "Rainbow Quest". Richardandmimi.com. February 26, 1966. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ "My Father and The Man in Black". Johnny-and-saul.com. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ a b Johnny Cash interviewed on the Pop Chronicles (1969)
^ Liberto, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, p. 294.
^ "Major brush fire." Los Angeles Times, June 28, 1965, p. 1.
^ "Control of Brush Fire Near; 700 Acres Burned." Los Angeles Times, June 29, 1965, p. 27.
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). Johnny Cash: The Life. Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 0-316-19475-1. 
^ Johnson, Brett (November 18, 2007), "Cash's first wife tells of romance, heartbreak", Ventura County Star. Retrieved July 9, 2013.
^ Williford, Stanley and Howard Hertel. "Singer Johnny Cash Pays $82,000 to U.S. in Fire Case", Los Angeles Times, July 3, 1969, p. A3.
^ Johnny Cash, At San Quentin, Columbia Records CS 9827, 1969
^ "Past Winners Search". The GRAMMYs. 
^ "12 000 at LaFayette show", Rome News Tribune, LaFayette, Georgia: Google News, p. 5A, August 14, 1970 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 34). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Zwonitzer, Mark (2002). Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone: The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-85763-4. 
^ Grant, Marshall (2005). I Was There When It Happened – My Life With Johnny Cash. Cumberland House. ISBN 1-58182-510-2. 
^ a b Cash, John Carter (2007). Anchored in Love. Thomas Nelson. ISBN 0-8499-0187-1.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "John_Carter_Cash" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Cash in Treatment", Orlando Sentinel, November 26, 1989 
^ "Inmate Merle Haggard hears Johnny Cash play San Quentin State Prison", history.com; accessed June 24, 2014.
^ Edwards, Leigh H. "Cash, Johnny." Grove Music Online. Oxford Music Online. Oxford University Press.
^ Cash, Johnny. "Johnny and June Carter Cash on Pete Seeger's Rainbow Quest". Youtube. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ Cash, J., & Carr, P. (1997). Cash: The autobiography (p. 408). San Francisco, CA: HarperSanFrancisco.
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (p. 597). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ "Johnny Cash – Bitter Tears – Ballads of the American Indian". www.discogs.com. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ (1965). Johnny Cash and June Carter [Television series episode]. In Rainbow Quest.Pete Seeger. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQq0dw7rmtc
^ Look Again To The Wind: Johnny Cash's Bitter Tears Revisited. (July 8, 2014). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.sony.com/SCA/company-news/press-releases/sony-music-masterworks/2014/look-again-to-the-wind-johnny-cashs-bitter-tears-r.shtml
^ a b The Bitter Tears of Johnny Cash. (November 8, 2009). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.salon.com/2009/11/09/johnny_cash_2/
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 598–599). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ (1970). [Television series episode]. In The Johnny Cash Show.Johnny Cash. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yz7xYzEEZo&list=LLwSdCgA8WpUDjjX6Il2AhXA&index=3
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 592). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ Burnett, John G. (December 11, 1890). "Birthday Story of Private John G. Burnett, Captain Abraham McClellan's Company, 2nd Regiment, 2nd Brigade, Mounted Infantry, Cherokee Indian Removal, 1838–39.". Creoliste. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian". The Bluegrass Special. August 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f Johnny Cash on IMDb
^ The Best of the Johnny Cash TV Show 1969–1971, Disc 1 (of 2), Reverse Angle Production, 2007 
^ a b Cash & Carr 1997, pp. 85–86.
^ "The good, bad and ugly of proposed uniforms", Navy Times, October 4, 2004 
^ Turner Publishing (2004). Lionel Trains: A Pictorial History of Trains and Their Collectors. Turner Publishing Company. p. 19. ISBN 1-56311-958-7. 
^ Allmond, Joy. September 13, 2015. Johnny Cash's Faith and Friendship with Billy Graham. Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. https://billygraham.org/story/johnny-cashs-faith-and-friendship-with-billy-graham/
^ Nixon Welcomes 'The Man in Black' to the White House, Nixon Foundation, April 17, 2011, archived from the original on August 22, 2011 
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 212.
^ Richard Nixon, April 17, 1970, released on Johnny Cash, Bootleg Vol. III: Live Around the World (Columbia/Legacy 88697 93033 2), released 2011
^ Halloran, R. July 4, 1976. "500,000 View Capital's Bicentennial Parade" New York Times.
^ Lot 756 of 982: JOHNNY CASH BICENTENNIAL SHIRT http://www.julienslive.com/view-auctions/catalog/id/15/lot/3115/JOHNNY-CASH-BICENTENNIAL-SHIRT
^ Willett, E. (2011).Johnny Cash: "The Man in Black", p.90. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow.
^ Johnny Cash: The Rebel, Canada: Exclaim.ca, p. 3 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 500–502
^ Lewis, Randy (December 10, 2013). "'Lost' Early-'80s Johnny Cash Album Slated for March 25 Release". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ Hilburn, p. 506
^ Adam Gold, "How U2 Fell in Love With Nashville and Influenced Today's Country Music," Rolling Stone July 13, 2017 http://www.rollingstone.com/country/features/inside-u2s-love-affair-with-nashville-country-music-w491992
^ The Guitars of Johnny Cash, Fretbase.com, August 2008, archived from the original on October 1, 2008 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 568–570
^ Carr, Eric (November 7, 2002). "Johnny Cash, American IV: The Man Comes Around". Pitchfork. Retrieved May 12, 2017. 
^ "Geoff Rickly interviews Trent Reznor". Alternative Press. 2004-06-26. Retrieved 2016-06-21. 
^ Levy, Glen (July 28, 2011). "The 30 All-TIME Best Music Videos – Johnny Cash, Hurt". Time. Retrieved August 19, 2011. 
^ "100 Greatest Music Videos". NME. Retrieved 15 December 2012. 
^ "Country Star June Carter Cash, Wife of Johnny Cash, Dies at 73". 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. (New York: Little, Brown & Co., 2013), p. 624
^ "Death from a Broken Heart". Medicine net. November 24, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Johnny Cash Dead at Age 71". About. September 12, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Fire destroys Johnny Cash house". BBC.co.uk. April 11, 2007. Retrieved September 29, 2010. 
^ Johnny Cash, Man in Black, Zondervan, ISBN 978-99924-31-58-0 
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi.
^ Urbanski 2003.
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi: 'Very few figures in recent history are seen as more representative of American identity as Cash ... His has often been suggested as the face that should be added to the select pantheon on Mt. Rushmore'
^ Clapp 2008, p. xviii.
^ Miller 2003, p. 227.
^ Stoudt, C. (June 9, 2009), "Review: 'Ring of Fire' at La Mirada Theatre", The Los Angeles Times, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Johnny Cash: Amazing Grace, Public Radio Exchange, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Cash 2008.
^ "Johnny Cash obituary", News, BBC, September 12, 2003, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Billy Graham Crusade, 1986, Tallahassee, Florida, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlXGSi4rxf8
^ Billy Graham Crusade,1989, Little Rock, Arkansas, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5Sd_qcBSQ
^ Rivkin, D., ed. (2007), Johnny Cash reading the complete New Testament (audio recording) (deluxe ed.), Nashville, TN: Thomas Nelson 
^ Morris, E. (December 23, 2008), Johnny Cash's reading of the New Testament now on DVD, Country Music Television, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. xx–xxi.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. 39.
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. 39–40.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Urbanski, D. (2010), "Johnny Cash's complicated faith: Unwrapping the enigma of the Man in Black", Relevant Magazine, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Huss, J.; Werther, D., eds. (2008), Johnny Cash and philosophy: The burning ring of truth, Chicago, IL: Open Court 
^ Johnny Cash and philosophy, Open Court, 2007, archived from the original on March 28, 2010, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ "Taking the Lead – Today's Christian". Archived from the original on April 10, 2008. Retrieved 2015-04-28. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link)
^ "Cash's "Unearthed" box set". billboard. Billboard Magazine. October 22, 2003. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Celebrities as partners, SOS Children's Villages, archived from the original on May 18, 2008 
^ "Johnny Cash", Supporters, USA: SOS Children's Villages 
^ Kristofferson, Kris. "Johnny Cash, No. 31". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "The Immortals: The First Fifty". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "100 Greatest Singers of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ Rutz, Heather (June 7, 2013). "Lima native creative director at new Johnny Cash museum". The Lima News. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Mississippi town to honor the 'Man in Black'". MSN.com. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ Soeder, John (May 19, 2010). "Johnny Cash's tour bus returns to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash Stamp Release Celebrated By Family". Huffington Post. June 3, 2013. Retrieved June 3, 2013. 
^ "Folsom, CA – Johnny Cash Trail & Art Experience". www.folsom.ca.us. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Opening Night at First Tennessee Park". The Tennessean. April 7, 2016. Retrieved April 8, 2016. 
^ Johnny Cash Heritage Festival http://johnnycashheritagefestival.com/
^ Hilburn, Robert (2013). Johnny Cash: The Life (Deckle Edge). New York City: Little Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-19475-4. 
^ Kinchen, David (November 3, 2013). "BOOK REVIEW: 'Johnny Cash': Meticulous Attention to Facts Sets Robert Hilburn's Biography Apart". Huntington News. Retrieved December 12, 2013. 
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). "Interview: Robert Hilburn, Author Of 'Johnny Cash: The Life'". NPR. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Country Music Hall of Fame 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 
^ "RHOF Inductees with Certificates". Rockabilly Hall of Fame. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "Lifetime Honors", National Medal of Arts 
^ "Johnny Cash – Memories Shared". Songstuff. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Quotables "August 29, 2003 Justin Timberlake on Johnny Cash"". Archived from the original on April 7, 2014. Retrieved April 5, 2014. 
^ "The Winding Stream (2014)". IMDb. Retrieved November 9, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash – Cash: The Autobiography of Johnny Cash Review". SocialBookshelves.com. Retrieved July 13, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament". barnesandnoble.com. Retrieved November 24, 2014. 
^ "Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara". Retrieved September 9, 2015. 


Bibliography[edit]


Clapp, R (2008), Johnny Cash and the great American contradiction: Christianity and the battle for the soul of a nation, Louisville, KY: Westminster John Knox, ISBN 978-0-664-23657-1 .
D'Ambrosio, Antonino (2009), A Heartbeat and A Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears, Perseus Books/Nation Books, ISBN 978-1-56858-407-2 .
Gross, Terry (2006), All I Did Was Ask: Conversations with Writers, Actors, Musicians, and Artists, Hyperion, ISBN 1-4013-0010-3 .
Holmes, Cynthia S. (January 2004), "Remembering H Dale Jackson", Connect (newsletter), The CBF of Missouri, p. 2 .
Millier, William, "Awards", Johnny Cash, archived from the original on October 10, 2004, retrieved September 7, 2004 .
Miller, Stephen (2003), Johnny Cash: The Life of an American Icon, Omnibus, ISBN 0-7119-9626-1 .
Streissguth, Michael (2004), Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81338-2 .
Streissguth, Michael (2005) [2004], Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81453-2 .
Thomson, Elisabeth, "Cash, Johnny", Grove Music, Oxford Music Online, retrieved May 18, 2010 .
Turner, Stephen (2004), The Man Called Cash: The Life, Love, and Faith of an American Legend, Nashville, TN: W Publishing, ISBN 0-8499-1820-0 .
Urbanski, David (2003), The Man Comes Around: The Spiritual Journey of Johnny Cash, New York, NY: Relevant Books, ISBN 0-9729276-7-0 .


Further reading[edit]

Jonathan Silverman, Nine Choices: Johnny Cash and American Culture, Amherst: University of Massachusetts, 2010, ISBN 1-55849-826-5
Graeme Thomson, The Resurrection of Johnny Cash: Hurt, Redemption, and American Recordings, Jawbone Press, ISBN 978-1-906002-36-7
Christopher S. Wren, Johnny Cash: Winners Got Scars, Too, Abacus Editions, ISBN 0-349-13740-4
Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life, Back Bay Books, New York: Little Brown and Company, 2013, ISBN 978-0-316-19474-7(pb)

External links[edit]





Book: Johnny Cash





Find more aboutJohnny Cashat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Data from Wikidata



Official website
Sony Music's Johnny Cash website
"Inductee Johnny Cash", Candidates, Hit Parade Hall of Fame, archived from the original on January 6, 2008 .
Johnny Cash at AllMusic
Johnny Cash on IMDb
"Johnny Cash". Find a Grave. Retrieved November 30, 2013. 
Johnny Cash profile at martinguitar.com



Awards


First
None recognized before

First Amendment Center/AMA "Spirit of Americana" Free Speech Award
2002
Succeeded by
Kris Kristofferson


Preceded by
Buddy & Julie Miller
AMA Album of the Year (artist)
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn


Preceded by
Jim Lauderdale
AMA Artist of the Year
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn








v
t
e


Johnny Cash



Studio albums



With His Hot and Blue Guitar
Sings the Songs That Made Him Famous
The Fabulous Johnny Cash
Greatest!
Songs of Our Soil
Sings Hank Williams
Now, There Was a Song!
Now Here's Johnny Cash
The Sound of Johnny Cash
All Aboard the Blue Train
Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash
The Original Sun Sound of Johnny Cash
I Walk the Line
Orange Blossom Special
Everybody Loves a Nut
Happiness Is You
Old Golden Throat
More of Old Golden Throat
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash
The World of Johnny Cash
Man in Black
A Thing Called Love
Any Old Wind That Blows
Ragged Old Flag
The Junkie and the Juicehead Minus Me
John R. Cash
Look at Them Beans
One Piece at a Time
The Last Gunfighter Ballad
I Would Like to See You Again
Gone Girl
Silver
Rockabilly Blues
The Baron
The Adventures of Johnny Cash
Johnny 99
Rainbow
Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town
Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series
Water from the Wells of Home
Boom Chicka Boom
The Mystery of Life
American Recordings
Unchained
American III: Solitary Man
American IV: The Man Comes Around
Personal File
American V: A Hundred Highways
American VI: Ain't No Grave
Out Among the Stars





Concept albums



Ride This Train
Blood, Sweat and Tears
Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian
Sings the Ballads of the True West
From Sea to Shining Sea
America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song
The Johnny Cash Children's Album
The Rambler





Gospel albums



Hymns by Johnny Cash
Hymns from the Heart
The Holy Land
The Gospel Road (film soundtrack)
Sings Precious Memories
A Believer Sings the Truth
Believe in Him
Return to the Promised Land (video soundtrack)
My Mother's Hymn Book





Christmas albums



The Christmas Spirit
The Johnny Cash Family Christmas
Classic Christmas
Johnny Cash Country Christmas





Collaborations



The Lure of the Grand Canyon
Carryin' On with Johnny Cash and June Carter
Johnny Cash and His Woman
The Legend of Jesse James
The Survivors Live
Highwayman
Class of '55
Heroes
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes on Forever
VH1 Storytellers





Live albums



At Folsom Prison
At San Quentin
The Johnny Cash Show
På Österåker
Strawberry Cake
Koncert v Praze (In Prague–Live)
At Madison Square Garden
A Concert Behind Prison Walls





Non-gospel soundtracks



I Walk the Line
Little Fauss and Big Halsy





Compilations



Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
Heart of Cash
Greatest Hits, Vol. 2
Sunday Morning Coming Down
International Superstar
Five Feet High and Rising
Destination Victoria Station
Greatest Hits, Vol. 3
The Unissued Johnny Cash
Johnny & June
Tall Man
Encore
Biggest Hits
The Man in Black 1954–1958
The Man in Black 1959–1962
Come Along and Ride This Train
The Essential Johnny Cash (1992)
Wanted Man
The Man in Black 1963–1969
The Man in Black – His Greatest Hits
16 Biggest Hits
Love, God, Murder
The Essential Johnny Cash (2002)
Unearthed
The Legend
The Legend of Johnny Cash
Johnny Cash: Patriot
16 Biggest Hits: Johnny Cash & June Carter Cash
The Legend of Johnny Cash Vol. II
The Complete Columbia Album Collection





Songs



"25 Minutes to Go"
"Seasons of My Heart"
"Any Old Wind That Blows"
"The Ballad of Boot Hill"
"The Ballad of Ira Hayes"
"Ballad of a Teenage Queen"
"Big River"
"Blistered"
"A Boy Named Sue"
"Busted"
"Cat's in the Cradle"
"Cocaine Blues"
"Cry! Cry! Cry!"
"Daddy Sang Bass"
"Dark as a Dungeon"
"Don't Take Your Guns to Town"
"Engine 143"
"Flesh and Blood"
"The Folk Singer"
"Folsom Prison Blues"
"Forty Shades of Green"
"Get Rhythm"
"Goodnight, Irene"
"Green, Green Grass of Home"
"Greystone Chapel"
"Guess Things Happen That Way"
"Hey, Porter"
"Home of the Blues"
"Hurt"
"I Couldn't Keep from Crying"
"I Love You Because"
"I Still Miss Someone"
"I Walk the Line"
"If I Had a Hammer"
"If I Were a Carpenter"
"In My Life"
"In the Jailhouse Now"
"It Ain't Me Babe"
"Jackson"
"Kate"
"The Man Comes Around"
"Man in Black"
"The Matador"
"Oh Lonesome Me"
"One Piece at a Time"
"Oney"
"Orange Blossom Special"
"The One on the Right Is on the Left"
"Remember the Alamo"
"(Ghost) Riders in the Sky"
"Ring of Fire"
"Rock Island Line"
"So Doggone Lonesome"
"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down"
"Tennessee Flat Top Box"
"There Ain't No Good Chain Gang"
"A Thing Called Love"
"Understand Your Man"
"What Is Truth"
"What'd I Say"





Television



The Johnny Cash Show





Family



June Carter Cash
John Carter Cash
Rosanne Cash
Carlene Carter
Vivian Liberto
Tommy Cash
Carter Family





Related



Albums discography
Singles discography
Sun Records discography
The Highwaymen
Carter Family Fold
Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words
Cash: The Autobiography
Johnny Cash! The Man, His World, His Music
Walk the Line
We Walk the Line: A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash
Ring of Fire (2013 film)
Ring of Fire (musical)
My Father and the Man in Black
Dyess, Arkansas
The Tennessee Three






 Book










v
t
e


The Highwaymen






Johnny Cash
Waylon Jennings
Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson





Studio albums



Highwayman
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes On Forever





Singles



"Highwayman"
"Desperados Waiting for a Train"
"Silver Stallion"
"It Is What It Is"












v
t
e


Members of the Grand Ole Opry






Roy Acuff
Trace Adkins
David "Stringbean" Akeman
Bill Anderson
Jack Anglin
Eddy Arnold
Ernest Ashworth
Chet Atkins
DeFord Bailey
Bobby Bare
Bashful Brother Oswald
Humphrey Bate
Dierks Bentley
Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers
Clint Black
Margie Bowes
Rod Brasfield
Garth Brooks
Jim Ed Brown
The Browns
Carl Butler and Pearl
Archie Campbell
Bill Carlisle
Martha Carson
The Carter Sisters
Maybelle Carter
Johnny Cash
June Carter Cash
Roy Clark
Terri Clark
Zeke Clements
Patsy Cline
Jerry Clower
John Conlee
Stoney Cooper
Wilma Lee Cooper
Cowboy Copas
Dailey & Vincent
Charlie Daniels
Skeeter Davis
The Delmore Brothers
The DeZurik Sisters
Diamond Rio
Little Jimmy Dickens
Joe Diffie
Danny Dill
Jimmy Driftwood
Roy Drusky
The Duke of Paducah
Holly Dunn
The Everly Brothers
Lester Flatt
Red Foley
Curly Fox
Lefty Frizzell
Larry Gatlin
Crystal Gayle
Don Gibson
Vince Gill
Billy Grammer
Jack Greene
The Gully Jumpers
Theron Hale
Tom T. Hall
George Hamilton IV
Sid Harkreader
Emmylou Harris
Hawkshaw Hawkins
George D. Hay
Hoot Hester
Goldie Hill
David Houston
Jan Howard
Ferlin Husky
Alan Jackson
Stonewall Jackson
Sonny James
Norma Jean
Jim & Jesse
Johnnie & Jack
George Jones
Grandpa Jones
The Jordanaires
Doug Kershaw
Hal Ketchum
Bradley Kincaid
Pee Wee King
Alison Krauss
Little Big Town
Hank Locklin
Lonzo and Oscar
Bobby Lord
The Louvin Brothers
Charlie Louvin
Ira Louvin
Patty Loveless
Bob Luman
Loretta Lynn
Uncle Dave Macon
Rose Maddox
Barbara Mandrell
Kerry Marx
Martina McBride
Del McCoury
Mel McDaniel
Reba McEntire
McGee Brothers
Jesse McReynolds
Ronnie Milsap
Bill Monroe
Montgomery Gentry
Craig Morgan
George Morgan
Lorrie Morgan
Moon Mullican
Willie Nelson
Jimmy C. Newman
The Oak Ridge Boys
Old Crow Medicine Show
Osborne Brothers
Brad Paisley
Dolly Parton
Johnny Paycheck
Minnie Pearl
Stu Phillips
Webb Pierce
Ray Pillow
Ray Price
Charley Pride
Jeanne Pruett
Rascal Flatts
Del Reeves
Jim Reeves
Riders in the Sky
Tex Ritter
Marty Robbins
Darius Rucker
Johnny Russell
Rusty and Doug
Earl Scruggs
Jeannie Seely
Blake Shelton
Ricky Van Shelton
Jean Shepard
Ricky Skaggs
Mississippi Slim
Carl Smith
Connie Smith
Fiddlin' Arthur Smith
Mike Snider
Hank Snow
Red Sovine
Ralph Stanley
Marty Stuart
Texas Ruby
B. J. Thomas
Uncle Jimmy Thompson
Mel Tillis
Pam Tillis
Tompall & the Glaser Brothers
Randy Travis
Travis Tritt
Ernest Tubb
Justin Tubb
Josh Turner
Carrie Underwood
Keith Urban
Leroy Van Dyke
Porter Wagoner
Billy Walker
Charlie Walker
Steve Wariner
Kitty Wells
Dottie West
The Whites
Slim Whitman
The Wilburn Brothers
Don Williams
Hank Williams
Boxcar Willie
The Willis Brothers
Chubby Wise
Del Wood
Marion Worth
Johnnie Wright
Tammy Wynette
Trisha Yearwood
Faron Young












v
t
e


Country Music Hall of Fame 1980s






Johnny Cash (1980)
Connie B. Gay (1980)
Sons of the Pioneers (1980)
Vernon Dalhart (1981)
Grant Turner (1981)
Lefty Frizzell (1982)
Roy Horton (1982)
Marty Robbins (1982)
Little Jimmy Dickens (1983)
Ralph Peer (1984)
Floyd Tillman (1984)
Flatt and Scruggs (1985)
The Duke of Paducah (1986)
Wesley Rose (1986)
Rod Brasfield (1987)
Loretta Lynn (1988)
Roy Rogers (1988)
Jack Stapp (1989)
Cliffie Stone (1989)
Hank Thompson (1989)












v
t
e


Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album (1980s)






1980
John Gielgud - Ages of Man - Readings From Shakespeare
1981
Pat Carroll - Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein
1982
Orson Welles - Donovan's Brain
1983
Tom Voegeli (producer) - Raiders of the Lost Ark - The Movie on Record performed by various artists
1984
William Warfield - Lincoln Portrait
1985
Ben Kingsley - The Words of Gandhi
1986
Mike Berniker (producer) & the original Broadway cast - Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
1987
Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chips Moman, Ricky Nelson, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins, Sam Phillips - Interviews From the Class of '55 Recording Sessions
1988
Garrison Keillor - Lake Wobegon Days
1989
Jesse Jackson - Speech by Rev. Jesse Jackson









Complete list
(1959 & 1960s)
(1970s)
(1980s)
(1990s)
(2000s)
(2010s)













v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1990s)



1990



Dizzy Gillespie
Katharine Hepburn
Risë Stevens
Jule Styne
Billy Wilder





1991



Roy Acuff
Betty Comden and Adolph Green
Fayard and Harold Nicholas
Gregory Peck
Robert Shaw





1992



Lionel Hampton
Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
Ginger Rogers
Mstislav Rostropovich
Paul Taylor





1993



Johnny Carson
Arthur Mitchell
Sir Georg Solti
Stephen Sondheim
Marion Williams





1994



Kirk Douglas
Aretha Franklin
Morton Gould
Harold Prince
Pete Seeger





1995



Jacques d'Amboise
Marilyn Horne
B.B. King
Sidney Poitier
Neil Simon





1996



Edward Albee
Benny Carter
Johnny Cash
Jack Lemmon
Maria Tallchief





1997



Lauren Bacall
Bob Dylan
Charlton Heston
Jessye Norman
Edward Villella





1998



Bill Cosby
Fred Ebb and John Kander
Willie Nelson
André Previn
Shirley Temple Black





1999



Victor Borge
Sean Connery
Judith Jamison
Jason Robards
Stevie Wonder








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1992



Performers



Bobby Bland
Booker T. & the M.G.'s (Steve Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Al Jackson Jr., Booker T. Jones, Lewie Steinberg)
Johnny Cash
The Isley Brothers (Ernie Isley, Marvin Isley, O'Kelly Isley Jr., Ronald Isley, Rudolph Isley, Chris Jasper)
The Jimi Hendrix Experience (Jimi Hendrix, Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding)
Sam & Dave (Sam Moore, Dave Prater)
The Yardbirds (Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Chris Dreja, Jim McCarty, Jimmy Page, Keith Relf, Paul Samwell-Smith)





Early influences



Elmore James
Professor Longhair





Non-performers
(Ahmet Ertegun Award)



Leo Fender
Bill Graham
Doc Pomus









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 27251336
LCCN: n79018367
ISNI: 0000 0001 0882 3456
GND: 118519433
SELIBR: 182765
SUDOC: 077442083
BNF: cb13892236v (data)
BIBSYS: 90131809
MusicBrainz: d43d12a1-2dc9-4257-a2fd-0a3bb1081b86
NLA: 35853535
NKC: jn19990001359
BNE: XX881565










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnny_Cash&oldid=792513053"					
Categories: Johnny Cash1932 births2003 deaths20th-century American singers21st-century American singersMale actors from ArkansasAmerican autobiographersAmerican bass-baritonesAmerican country guitaristsAmerican country singersAmerican country singer-songwritersAmerican folk guitaristsAmerican folk singersAmerican male film actorsAmerican male singersAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican performers of Christian musicAmerican ChristiansAmerican acoustic guitaristsAmerican male guitaristsBurials in TennesseeCash–Carter familyCharly Records artistsColumbia Records artistsCountry Music Hall of Fame inducteesCountry musicians from ArkansasDeaths from diabetesDisease-related deaths in TennesseeGrammy Award winnersGrammy Legend AwardGrammy Lifetime Achievement Award winnersGrand Ole Opry membersKennedy Center honoreesMembers of the Country Music AssociationNative Americans' rights activistsPeople from Cleveland County, ArkansasMusicians from Nashville, TennesseePeople from Hendersonville, TennesseePeople from Sumner County, TennesseeRock and roll musiciansRock and Roll Hall of Fame inducteesSun Records artistsThe Highwaymen (country supergroup) membersTennessee DemocratsUnited States Air Force airmenGuitarists from ArkansasGuitarists from TennesseePeople from ArkansasGospel singersHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse mdy dates from November 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2012Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2014Articles with unsourced statements from May 2017Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaChavacano de ZamboangaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschDolnoserbskiEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺한국어HawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTsetsêhestâheseTürkçeУкраїнськаVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 23:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnny Cash - Wikipedia






















 






Johnny Cash

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the singer. For other uses, see Johnny Cash (disambiguation).


Johnny Cash



Cash in 1969



Born
J. R. Cash
(1932-02-26)February 26, 1932
Kingsland, Arkansas, U.S.A.


Died
September 12, 2003(2003-09-12) (aged 71)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A.


Cause of death
Diabetes mellitus


Resting place
Hendersonville Memory Gardens


Occupation



Singer-songwriter
guitarist
actor
author





Years active
1954–2003


Spouse(s)



Vivian Liberto
(m. 1954; div. 1966)
June Carter
(m. 1968; her death 2003)





Children
5, including Rosanne and John Carter


Website
johnnycash.com


Military career


Allegiance
United States


Service/branch
United States Air Force


Years of service
1950–1954


Rank
 Staff sergeant


Unit
12th Radio Squadron Mobile





Musical career


Genres



Country
rock and roll
folk
gospel





Instruments



Vocals
acoustic guitar





Labels



Sun
Columbia
Mercury
American
House of Cash
Legacy





Associated acts



The Tennessee Three
The Highwaymen
June Carter Cash
The Statler Brothers
The Carter Family
Waylon Jennings
Bob Dylan
Willie Nelson
Kris Kristofferson





Notable instruments





Martin Acoustic Guitars[1]
1943 Martin D28
Martin D35








John R. Cash (born J. R. Cash; February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author.[2] He is widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century and is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 90 million records worldwide.[3][4] Although primarily remembered as a country music icon, his genre-spanning songs and sound embraced rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of multiple inductions in the Country Music, Rock and Roll, and Gospel Music Halls of Fame.
Cash was known for his deep, calm bass-baritone voice,[a][6] the distinctive sound of his Tennessee Three backing band, which is characterized by train-sound guitar rhythms; a rebelliousness[7][8] coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor,[5] free prison concerts,[9][10] and a trademark, all-black stage wardrobe, which earned him the nickname "The Man in Black."[b] He traditionally began his concerts by simply introducing himself, "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash,"[c] followed by his signature "Folsom Prison Blues".
Much of Cash's music contained themes of sorrow, moral tribulation, and redemption, especially in the latter stages of his career.[5][13] His signature songs include "I Walk the Line", "Folsom Prison Blues", "Ring of Fire", "Get Rhythm", and "Man in Black". He also recorded humorous numbers like "One Piece at a Time" and "A Boy Named Sue"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called "Jackson" (followed by many further duets after their marriage); and railroad songs including "Hey, Porter", "Orange Blossom Special" and "Rock Island Line".[14] During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Military service
3 Marriages and family
4 Career

4.1 Early career
4.2 Outlaw image
4.3 Folsom and other prison concerts
4.4 Activism for Native Americans
4.5 "The Man in Black"
4.6 Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records
4.7 American Recordings


5 Last years
6 Death
7 Religious beliefs
8 Legacy

8.1 Portrayals


9 Awards and honors
10 Discography
11 Filmography
12 Published works
13 Notes
14 References

14.1 Bibliography


15 Further reading
16 External links



Early life[edit]
J. R. Cash was born on February 26, 1932 in Kingsland, Arkansas,[15][16] born to Ray Cash (May 13, 1897 in Kingsland, Arkansas – December 23, 1985 in Hendersonville, Tennessee) and Carrie Cloveree (née Rivers; March 13, 1904 in Rison, Arkansas – March 11, 1991 in Hendersonville, Tennessee). He was one of seven children, who were in birth order: Roy, Margaret Louise, Jack, J. R., Reba, Joanne, and Tommy (who also became a successful country artist).[17][18]He was primarily of English and Scottish descent,[19][20][21] and as an adult traced his surname to 11th-century Fife after meeting with the then-laird of Falkland, Major Michael Crichton-Stuart.[22][23][24] Cash Loch and other locations in Fife bear the name of his family.[22]
At birth, Cash was named J. R. Cash.[25] When Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force, he was not permitted to use initials as a first name,[citation needed] so he changed his name to John R. Cash. In 1955, when signing with Sun Records, he took Johnny Cash as his stage name.[8]
In March 1935, when Cash was three years old, the family settled in Dyess, Arkansas, a New Deal Colony intended to give poor families a chance to start over with land that they could work toward owning. J.R. started working in cotton fields at the age of five, singing along with his family while working. The family farm was flooded on at least two occasions, which later inspired him to write the song "Five Feet High and Rising".[26][page needed] His family's economic and personal struggles during the Great Depression inspired many of his songs, especially those about other people facing similar difficulties.
Cash was very close to his older brother, Jack.[27] In May 1944, Jack was pulled into a whirling head saw in the mill where he worked and was almost cut in two. He suffered for over a week before he died on May 20, 1944, at the age of 15.[26][page needed] Cash often spoke of the horrible guilt he felt over this incident. According to Cash: The Autobiography, his father was away that morning, but he and his mother, and Jack himself, all had premonitions or a sense of foreboding about that day, causing his mother to urge Jack to skip work and go fishing with his brother. Jack insisted on working, as the family needed the money. On his deathbed, Jack said he had visions of Heaven and angels. Decades later, Cash spoke of looking forward to meeting his brother in Heaven.[8]
Cash's early memories were dominated by gospel music and radio. Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend, Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve. When Cash was young, he had a high tenor voice, before becoming a bass-baritone.[28] In high school, he sang on a local radio station; decades later he released an album of traditional gospel songs, called My Mother's Hymn Book. He was also significantly influenced by traditional Irish music that he heard performed weekly by Dennis Day on the Jack Benny radio program.[29][page needed]
Military service[edit]
Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force on July 7, 1950.[30] After basic training at Lackland Air Force Base and technical training at Brooks Air Force Base, both in San Antonio, Texas, Cash was assigned to the 12th Radio Squadron Mobile of the U.S. Air Force Security Service at Landsberg, Germany as a Morse Code operator intercepting Soviet Army transmissions.[31] It was there he created his first band, named "The Landsberg Barbarians".[32] He was honorably discharged as a staff sergeant on July 3, 1954, and returned to Texas.[33] During his military service, he acquired a distinctive scar on the right side of his jaw as a result of surgery to remove a cyst.[34][35]
Marriages and family[edit]
On July 18, 1951, while in Air Force training, Cash met 17-year-old Vivian Liberto at a roller skating rink in her native San Antonio. They dated for three weeks until Cash was deployed to Germany for a three-year tour. During that time, the couple exchanged hundreds of pages of love letters.[36] On August 7, 1954, one month after his discharge, they were married at St. Ann's Roman Catholic Church in San Antonio. The ceremony was performed by her uncle, Father Vincent Liberto. They had four daughters: Rosanne, Kathy, Cindy, and Tara. Liberto stated that Cash's drug and alcohol abuse, as well as constant touring, affairs with other women, and his close relationship with June Carter led her to file for divorce in 1966.
Cash met June Carter, of the famed Carter Family while on tour and became infatuated, as did she. In 1968, 13 years after they first met backstage at the Grand Ole Opry, Cash proposed to June, during a live performance in London, Ontario.[37] The couple married on March 1, 1968, in Franklin, Kentucky. They had one child together, John Carter Cash, born March 3, 1970. Cash and Carter continued to work, raise their children, create music, and tour together for 35 years until June's death in May 2003. Throughout their marriage June attempted to keep Cash off of amphetamines, often taking his drugs and flushing them down the toilet. June remained with Johnny throughout multiple rehab visits and years of drug abuse. After June's passing, Cash believed that his only reason for living was his music.[38] Cash died four months later.[8]
Career[edit]
Early career[edit]




Publicity photo for Sun Records


In 1954, Cash and Vivian moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he sold appliances while studying to be a radio announcer. At night he played with guitarist Luther Perkins and bassist Marshall Grant. Perkins and Grant were known as the Tennessee Two. Cash worked up the courage to visit the Sun Records studio, hoping to get a recording contract. After auditioning for Sam Phillips, singing mostly gospel songs, Phillips told him that he didn't record gospel music any longer. It was once rumored that Phillips told Cash to "go home and sin, then come back with a song I can sell", although in a 2002 interview Cash denied that Phillips made any such comment.[39] Cash eventually won over the producer with new songs delivered in his early rockabilly style. In 1955, Cash made his first recordings at Sun, "Hey Porter" and "Cry! Cry! Cry!", which were released in late June and met with success on the country hit parade.
On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley dropped in on Phillips while Carl Perkins was in the studio cutting new tracks, with Jerry Lee Lewis backing him on piano. Cash was also in the studio and the four started an impromptu jam session. Phillips left the tapes running and the recordings, almost half of which were gospel songs, survived and have since been released under the title Million Dollar Quartet. In Cash: the Autobiography, Cash wrote that he was the one farthest from the microphone and was singing in a higher pitch to blend in with Elvis.
Cash's next record, "Folsom Prison Blues", made the country Top 5, and "I Walk the Line" became No. 1 on the country charts and entered the pop charts Top 20. "Home of the Blues" followed, recorded in July 1957. That same year Cash became the first Sun artist to release a long-playing album. Although he was Sun's most consistently selling and prolific artist at that time, Cash felt constrained by his contract with the small label partly due to the fact that Phillips wasn't keen on Johnny recording gospel, and he was getting only a 3% royalty as opposed to the standard rate of 5%. Presley had already left Sun, and Phillips was focusing most of his attention and promotion on Lewis. The following year, Cash left the label to sign a lucrative offer with Columbia Records, where his single "Don't Take Your Guns to Town" became one of his biggest hits and his second album for Columbia was a collection of gospel songs. However, Cash left behind a sufficient backlog of recordings with Sun that Phillips continued to release new singles and even albums featuring previously unreleased material until as late as 1964, placing Cash in the unusual position of having new releases out on two labels concurrently, with one 1960 release, a cover of "Oh Lonesome Me" making as high as No. 13 on the C&W charts. (As opposed to when RCA Victor signed Presley and also bought his Sun Records masters, when Cash departed for Columbia, Phillips retained the rights to Cash's Sun masters; Columbia eventually licensed some of these recordings for release on compilations after Cash's death.)




The Tennessee Three with Cash in 1963.


Early in his career, he was given the teasing nickname The Undertaker by fellow artists because of his habit of wearing black clothes – though he did so only because they were easier to keep looking clean on long tours.[40]
In the early 1960s, Cash toured with the Carter Family, which by this time regularly included Mother Maybelle's daughters, Anita, June, and Helen. June later recalled admiring him from afar during these tours. In the 1960s, he appeared on Pete Seeger's short-lived television series Rainbow Quest.[41] He also acted in and wrote and sang the opening theme for a 1961 film entitled Five Minutes to Live, later re-released as Door-to-door Maniac.
Cash's career was handled by Saul Holiff, a London, Ontario, promoter, and this relationship was the subject of Saul's son's biopic My Father and the Man in Black.[42]
Outlaw image[edit]
As his career was taking off in the late 1950s, Cash started drinking heavily and became addicted to amphetamines and barbiturates. For a brief time, he shared an apartment in Nashville with Waylon Jennings, who was heavily addicted to amphetamines. Cash used the uppers to stay awake during tours. Friends joked about his "nervousness" and erratic behavior, many ignoring the warning signs of his worsening drug addiction.
Although he was in many ways spiraling out of control, Cash's frenetic creativity was still delivering hits. His rendition of "Ring of Fire" was a crossover hit, reaching No. 1 on the country charts and entering the Top 20 on the pop charts. It was originally performed by June's sister, but the signature mariachi-style horn arrangement was provided by Cash,[43] who said that it had come to him in a dream. Vivian Liberto claimed a different version of the origins of "Ring of Fire." In her book, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, Liberto states that Cash gave Carter the credit for monetary reasons.[44]
In June 1965, his camper caught fire during a fishing trip with his nephew Damon Fielder in Los Padres National Forest in California, triggering a forest fire that burnt several hundred acres and nearly killed Cash.[45][46] Cash claimed that the fire was caused by sparks from a defective exhaust system on his camper, but Fielder thinks that Cash started a fire to stay warm and in his drugged condition failed to notice the fire getting out of control.[47][page needed] When the judge asked Cash why he did it, Cash said, "I didn't do it, my truck did, and it's dead, so you can't question it."[26][page needed] The fire destroyed 508 acres (206 ha), burning the foliage off three mountains and driving off forty-nine of the refuge's 53 endangered condors.[48] Cash was unrepentant and claimed, "I don't care about your damn yellow buzzards." The federal government sued him and was awarded $125,172. Cash eventually settled the case and paid $82,001.[49] He said he was the only person ever sued by the government for starting a forest fire.[26][page needed]
Although Cash carefully cultivated a romantic outlaw image, he never served a prison sentence. Despite landing in jail seven times for misdemeanors, each stay lasted only a single night. His most infamous run-in with the law occurred while on tour in 1965, when he was arrested October 4 by a narcotics squad in El Paso, Texas. The officers suspected he was smuggling heroin from Mexico, but found instead 688 Dexedrine capsules (amphetamines) and 475 Equanil (sedatives or tranquilizers) tablets that the singer had hidden inside his guitar case. Because the pills were prescription drugs rather than illegal narcotics, he received a suspended sentence.




Johnny Cash and his second wife, June Carter


Cash had also been arrested on May 11, 1965, in Starkville, Mississippi, for trespassing late at night onto private property to pick flowers. (This incident gave the spark for the song "Starkville City Jail", which he discussed on his live At San Quentin album.)[50] In the mid-1960s, Cash released a number of concept albums, including Sings the Ballads of the True West (1965), an experimental double record mixing authentic frontier songs with Cash's spoken narration, and Bitter Tears (1964), with songs highlighting the plight of the Native Americans. His drug addiction was at its worst at this point, and his destructive behavior led to a divorce from his first wife and canceled performances. Nonetheless, he continued to find success and in 1967, Cash's duet with June Carter, "Jackson," won a Grammy Award.[51]
Cash's final arrest was in 1967 in Walker County, Georgia, after being involved in a car accident while carrying a bag of prescription pills. Cash attempted to bribe a local deputy, who turned the money down; Cash then spent the night in a LaFayette, Georgia, jail. The singer was released after a long talk with Sheriff Ralph Jones, who warned him of his dangerous behavior and wasted potential. Cash credited that experience for saving his life, and he later came back to LaFayette to play a benefit concert that attracted 12,000 people (the city population was less than 9,000 at the time) and raised $75,000 for the high school.[52] Reflecting on his past in a 1997 interview, Cash noted: "I was taking the pills for awhile, and then the pills started taking me."[53]
Cash curtailed his use of drugs for several years in 1968, after a spiritual epiphany in the Nickajack Cave, when he attempted to commit suicide while under the heavy influence of drugs. He descended deeper into the cave, trying to lose himself and "just die," when he passed out on the floor. He reported being exhausted and feeling at the end of his rope when he felt God's presence in his heart and managed to struggle out of the cave (despite the exhaustion) by following a faint light and slight breeze. To him, it was his own rebirth. June, Maybelle, and Ezra Carter moved into Cash's mansion for a month to help him conquer his addiction. Cash proposed onstage to June at a concert at the London Gardens in London, Ontario, Canada, on February 22, 1968; the couple married a week later (on March 1) in Franklin, Kentucky. She had agreed to marry Cash after he had "cleaned up."[54]
He rediscovered his Christian faith, taking an "altar call" in Evangel Temple, a small church in the Nashville area, pastored by Reverend Jimmie Rodgers Snow, son of country music legend Hank Snow. According to longtime friend Marshall Grant, Cash's 1968 rebirth experience did not result in his completely stopping use of amphetamines. However, beginning in 1970, Cash ended all drug use for a period of seven years. Grant claims that the birth of Cash's son, John Carter Cash inspired Cash to end his dependence. Cash began using amphetamines again in 1977. By 1983, he was once again addicted and entered the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, California for rehabilitation. Cash managed to stay off drugs for several years, but by 1989, he was dependent again and entered Nashville's Cumberland Heights Alcohol and Drug Treatment Center. In 1992, he entered the Loma Linda Behavioral Medicine Center in Loma Linda, California, for his final rehabilitation (several months later, his son followed him into this facility for treatment).[55][56][57]
Folsom and other prison concerts[edit]
Cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s. He played his first famous prison concert on January 1, 1958, at San Quentin State Prison.[58] These performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums, Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison (1968) and Johnny Cash at San Quentin (1969). Both live albums reached number 1 on Billboard country album music and the latter crossed over to reach the top of the Billboard pop album chart. In 1969 Cash became an international hit when he eclipsed even the Beatles by selling 6.5 million albums.[59] In comparison, the prison concerts were much more successful than his later live albums such as Strawberry Cake recorded in London and Live at Madison Square Garden, which peaked at #33 and #39 on the album charts respectively.
The Folsom Prison record was introduced by a rendition of his "Folsom Prison Blues," while the San Quentin record included the crossover hit single "A Boy Named Sue," a Shel Silverstein-penned novelty song that reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 2 on the U.S. Top Ten pop charts. The AM versions of the latter contained profanities which were edited out. The modern CD versions are unedited and thus also longer than the original vinyl albums, though they retain the audience reaction overdubs of the originals.
Cash performed at the Österåker Prison in Sweden in 1972. The live album På Österåker ("At Österåker") was released in 1973. "San Quentin" was recorded with Cash replacing "San Quentin" with "Österåker". In 1976, a further prison concert, this time at Tennessee Prison, was videotaped for TV broadcast and received a belated CD release after Cash's death as A Concert Behind Prison Walls.
Activism for Native Americans[edit]
In 1965, Cash and June Carter appeared on Pete Seeger's TV show, Rainbow Quest, on which Cash explained his start as an activist for Native Americans:

In '57, I wrote a song called 'Old Apache Squaw' and then forgot the so-called Indian protest for a while, but nobody else seemed to speak up with any volume of voice.[60]

Columbia, the label for which Cash was recording then, was opposed to putting the song on his next album, considering it "too radical for the public".[61] Cash singing songs of Indian tragedy and settler violence went radically against the mainstream of country music in the 1950s, which was dominated by the image of the righteous cowboy who simply makes the native's soil his own.[62]
In 1964, coming off the chart success that his previous album "I Walk The Line" had been, he recorded the aforementioned album Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian.
The album featured stories of a multitude of native peoples, mostly of their violent oppression by white settlers: The Pima ("The Ballad of Ira Hayes"), Navajo ("Navajo"), Apache ("Apache Tears"), Lakota ("Big Foot"), Seneca ("As Long as the Grass Shall Grow"), and Cherokee ("Talking Leaves"). Cash wrote three of the songs himself and one with the help of Johnny Horton, but the majority of the protest songs were written by folk artist Peter La Farge[63] (son of activist and Pulitzer prizewinner Oliver La Farge), whom Cash met in New York in the 1960s and whom he admired for his activism.[64] The album's single, "The Ballad of Ira Hayes," was neglected by non-political radio at the time, and the record label denied it any promotion due to its provocative protesting and thus "unappealing" nature.[65] Cash faced resistance and was even urged by an editor of a country music magazine to leave the Country Music Association: "You and your crowd are just too intelligent to associate with plain country folks, country artists, and country DJs."[66]
In reaction, on August 22, 1964, the singer posted a letter as an advertisement in Billboard Magazine, calling the record industry cowardly. "D.J.s – station managers – owners ... where are your guts?" he demands. "I had to fight back when I realized that so many stations are afraid of Ira Hayes. Just one question: WHY???" He concludes the letter, "Ira Hayes is strong medicine ... So is Rochester, Harlem, Birmingham and Vietnam." [67] Cash kept promoting the song himself and used his influence on radio disc jockeys he knew eventually to make the song climb to number three on the country charts, while the album rose to number two on the album charts.[66]




Cash in 1969


Later, on The Johnny Cash Show, he continued telling stories of Native-American plight, both in song and through short films, such as the history of the Trail of Tears.[68]
In 1966, in response to his activism, the singer was adopted by the Seneca Nation's Turtle Clan. He performed benefits in 1968 at the Rosebud Reservation, close to the historical landmark of the massacre at Wounded Knee, to raise money to help build a school. He also played at the D-Q University in the 1980s.[69]
In 1970, Cash recording a reading of John G. Burnett's 1890 80th birthday essay [70] on Cherokee removal for the Historical Landmarks Association (Nashville).[71]
"The Man in Black"[edit]




Cash advocated prison reform at his July 1972 meeting with United States President Richard Nixon


From 1969 to 1971, Cash starred in his own television show, The Johnny Cash Show, on the ABC network. The Statler Brothers opened up for him in every episode; the Carter Family and rockabilly legend Carl Perkins were also part of the regular show entourage. Cash also enjoyed booking mainstream performers as guests; including Neil Young, Louis Armstrong, Neil Diamond, Kenny Rogers and The First Edition (who appeared four times), James Taylor, Ray Charles, Roger Miller, Roy Orbison, Derek and the Dominos, and Bob Dylan. During the same period, he contributed the title song and other songs to the film Little Fauss and Big Halsey, which starred Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, and Lauren Hutton. The title song, "The Ballad of Little Fauss and Big Halsey," written by Carl Perkins, was nominated for a Golden Globe award.[72]
Cash had met with Dylan in the mid-1960s and became closer friends when they were neighbors in the late 1960s in Woodstock, New York. Cash was enthusiastic about reintroducing the reclusive Dylan to his audience. Cash sang a duet with Dylan on Dylan's country album Nashville Skyline and also wrote the album's Grammy-winning liner notes.
Another artist who received a major career boost from The Johnny Cash Show was Kris Kristofferson, who was beginning to make a name for himself as a singer-songwriter. During a live performance of Kristofferson's "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down," Cash refused to change the lyrics to suit network executives, singing the song with its references to marijuana intact:


On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishin', Lord, that I was stoned.[73]


By the early 1970s, he had crystallized his public image as "The Man in Black." He regularly performed dressed all in black, wearing a long black knee-length coat. This outfit stood in contrast to the costumes worn by most of the major country acts in his day: rhinestone suits and cowboy boots. In 1971, Cash wrote the song "Man in Black," to help explain his dress code:


We're doing mighty fine I do suppose
In our streak of lightning cars and fancy clothes
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back
Up front there ought to be a man in black.






Cash performing in Bremen, West Germany, in September 1972


He wore 'black' on behalf of the poor and hungry, on behalf of "the prisoner who has long paid for his crime," and on behalf of those who have been betrayed by age or drugs.[74] "And," Cash added, "with the Vietnam War as painful in my mind as it was in most other Americans, I wore it 'in mournin' for the lives that could have been' ... Apart from the Vietnam War being over, I don't see much reason to change my position ... The old are still neglected, the poor are still poor, the young are still dying before their time, and we're not making many moves to make things right. There's still plenty of darkness to carry off."[74]




Cash in the "one piece at a time" Cadillac


He and his band had initially worn black shirts because that was the only matching color they had among their various outfits. He wore other colors on stage early in his career, but he claimed to like wearing black both on and off stage. He stated that political reasons aside, he simply liked black as his on-stage color.[26][page needed] The outdated US Navy's winter blue uniform used to be referred to by sailors as "Johnny Cashes," as the uniform's shirt, tie, and trousers are solid black.[75]
In the mid-1970s, Cash's popularity and number of hit songs began to decline. He made commercials for Amoco and STP, an unpopular enterprise at the time of the 1970s energy crisis. In 1976 he made commercials for Lionel Trains, for which he also wrote the music.[76] However, his first autobiography, Man in Black, was published in 1975 and sold 1.3 million copies. A second, Cash: The Autobiography, appeared in 1997.
His friendship with Billy Graham [77] led to the production of a film about the life of Jesus, The Gospel Road, which Cash co-wrote and narrated. Cash and June Carter Cash appeared several times on the Billy Graham Crusade TV specials, and Cash continued to include gospel and religious songs on many of his albums, though Columbia declined to release A Believer Sings the Truth, a gospel double-LP Cash recorded in 1979 and which ended up being released on an independent label even with Cash still under contract to Columbia. On November 22, 1974, CBS ran his one-hour TV special entitled "Riding The Rails", a musical history of trains.
He continued to appear on television, hosting Christmas specials on CBS in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Later television appearances included a starring role in an episode of Columbo, entitled "Swan Song". He and June appeared in an episode of Little House on the Prairie, entitled "The Collection". He gave a performance as John Brown in the 1985 American Civil War television mini-series North and South. Johnny and June also appeared in Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman in recurring roles.[72]
He was friendly with every US President starting with Richard Nixon. He was closest to Jimmy Carter, with whom he became close friends and who was a distant cousin of his wife, June Carter Cash.[26]
When invited to perform at the White House for the first time in 1970,[78] Richard Nixon's office requested that he play "Okie from Muskogee" (a satirical Merle Haggard song about people who despised youthful drug users and war protesters), "Welfare Cadillac" (a Guy Drake song which denies the integrity of welfare recipients), and "A Boy Named Sue." Cash declined to play the first two and instead selected other songs, including "The Ballad of Ira Hayes" (about a brave Native American World War II veteran who was mistreated upon his return to Arizona), and his own compositions, "What Is Truth" and "Man in Black". Cash wrote that the reasons for denying Nixon's song choices were not knowing them and having fairly short notice to rehearse them, rather than any political reason.[26][page needed] However, Cash added, even if Nixon's office had given Cash enough time to learn and rehearse the songs, their choice of pieces that conveyed "anti-hippie and anti-black" sentiments might have backfired.[79] In his remarks when introducing Cash, Nixon joked that one thing he'd learned about the singer was one didn't tell him what to sing.[80]
. Johnny Cash was the Grand Marshal of the United States Bicentennial parade.[81]. He wore a shirt from Nudie Cohn which sold for $25,000 in auction in 2010. [82] After the parade he gave a concert at the Washington monument. [83]
Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records[edit]




The Highwaymen members Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson


In 1980, Cash became the Country Music Hall of Fame's youngest living inductee at age 48. But during the 1980s, his records failed to make a major impact on the country charts, although he continued to tour successfully. In the mid-1980s, he recorded and toured with Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson as The Highwaymen, making three hit albums which were released beginning with the originally titled "Highwaymen" in 1985, followed by "Highwaymen 2" in 1990, and concluding with "Highwaymen – The Road Goes on forever" in 1995.
During that period, Cash appeared in a number of television films. In 1981, he starred in The Pride of Jesse Hallam, winning fine reviews for a film that called attention to adult illiteracy. In the same year, Cash appeared as a "very special guest star" in an episode of the Muppet Show. In 1983, he appeared as a heroic sheriff in Murder in Coweta County, based on a real-life Georgia murder case, which co-starred Andy Griffith as his nemesis and featured June Carter in a small but important role. Cash had tried for years to make the film, for which he won acclaim.[72]
Cash relapsed into addiction after being administered painkillers for a serious abdominal injury in 1983 caused by an unusual incident in which he was kicked and wounded by an ostrich he kept on his farm.[84]
At a hospital visit in 1988, this time to watch over Waylon Jennings (who was recovering from a heart attack), Jennings suggested that Cash has himself checked into the hospital for his own heart condition. Doctors recommended preventive heart surgery, and Cash underwent double bypass surgery in the same hospital. Both recovered, although Cash refused to use any prescription painkillers, fearing a relapse into dependency. Cash later claimed that during his operation, he had what is called a "near death experience".
Cash's recording career and his general relationship with the Nashville establishment were at an all-time low in the 1980s. He realized that his record label of nearly 30 years, Columbia, was growing indifferent to him and was not properly marketing him (he was "invisible" during that time, as he said in his autobiography).
 In 1984, Cash released a self-parody recording titled "Chicken in Black," about Cash's brain being transplanted into a chicken and Cash receiving a bank robber's brain in return. Biographer Robert Hilburn, in the 2013-published Johnny Cash: The Life disputes the claim made that Cash chose to record an intentionally poor song in protest of Columbia's treatment of him. On the contrary, Hilburn writes, it was Columbia that presented Cash with the song, which Cash – who had previously scored major chart hits with comedic material such as "A Boy Named Sue" and "One Piece at a Time" – accepted enthusiastically, performing the song live on stage and filming a comedic music video in which he dresses up in a superhero-like bank robber costume. According to Hilburn, Cash's enthusiasm for the song waned after Waylon Jennings told Cash he looked "like a buffoon" in the music video (which was showcased during Cash's 1984 Christmas TV special), and Cash subsequently demanded that Columbia withdraw the music video from broadcast and recall the single from stores—interrupting its bona fide chart success—and termed the venture "a fiasco."[85]
Between 1981 and 1984, he recorded several sessions with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill (who also produced "Chicken in Black") which were shelved; they would be released by Columbia's sister label, Legacy Recordings, in 2014 as Out Among the Stars.[86] Around this time, Cash also recorded an album of gospel recordings that ended up being released by another label around the time of his departure from Columbia (this due to Columbia closing down its Priority Records division that was to have released the recordings).
After more unsuccessful recordings were released in 1984–85, Cash left Columbia (At least as a solo artist; he continued to record for Columbia on non-solo projects until as late as 1990, recording a duets album with Waylon Jennings and two albums as a member of The Highwaymen.)
In 1986, Cash returned to Sun Studios in Memphis to team up with Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins to create the album Class of '55; according to Hilburn, Columbia still had Cash under contract at the time, so special arrangements had to be made to allow him to participate.[87] Also in 1986, Cash published his only novel, Man in White, a book about Saul and his conversion to become the Apostle Paul. He recorded Johnny Cash Reads The Complete New Testament in 1990.
American Recordings[edit]




Johnny Cash sings a duet with a Navy lieutenant c. 1987


After Columbia Records dropped Cash from his recording contract, he had a short and unsuccessful stint with Mercury Records from 1987 to 1991. During this time, he recorded an album of new versions of some of his best-known Sun and Columbia hits, as well as Water from the Wells of Home, a duets album that paired him with, among others, his children Rosanne Cash and John Carter Cash, as well as Paul McCartney. A one-off Christmas album recorded for Delta Records followed his Mercury contract.
His career was rejuvenated in the 1990s, leading to popularity with an audience which was not traditionally considered interested in country music. In 1991, he sang a version of "Man in Black" for the Christian punk band One Bad Pig's album I Scream Sunday. In 1993, he sang "The Wanderer" on U2's album Zooropa which was the closing track. According to Rolling Stone writer, Adam Gold,"The Wanderer" – written for Cash by Bono, "defies both the U2 and Cash canons, combining rhythmic and textural elements of Nineties synth-pop with a Countrypolitan lament fit for the closing credits of a Seventies western." [88].
Although no longer sought after by major labels, he was offered a contract with producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings label, which had recently been rebranded from Def American, under which name it was better known for rap and hard rock. Under Rubin's supervision, he recorded American Recordings (1994) in his living room, accompanied only by his Martin Dreadnought guitar – one of many Cash played throughout his career.[89] The album featured covers of contemporary artists selected by Rubin including "Down There by the Train" by Tom Waits. The album had a great deal of critical and commercial success, winning a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Cash wrote that his reception at the 1994 Glastonbury Festival was one of the highlights of his career. This was the beginning of a decade of music industry accolades and commercial success. He teamed up with Brooks & Dunn to contribute "Folsom Prison Blues" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Country produced by the Red Hot Organization. On the same album, he performed the Bob Dylan favorite "Forever Young."
Cash and his wife appeared on a number of episodes of the television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. He also lent his voice for a cameo role in The Simpsons episode "El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)", as the "Space Coyote" that guides Homer Simpson on a spiritual quest.[72]
In 1996, Cash enlisted the accompaniment of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and released Unchained (also known as American Recordings II), which won the Best Country Album Grammy in 1998. The album was produced by Rick Rubin with Sylvia Massy engineering and mixing. A majority of "Unchained" was recorded at Sound City Studios and featured guest appearances by Lindsay Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, and Marty Stuart. Believing he did not explain enough of himself in his 1975 autobiography Man in Black, he wrote Cash: The Autobiography in 1997.
Last years[edit]




Cash's original grave (top) and the Cash/Carter memorial


In 1997, Cash was diagnosed with the neurodegenerative disease Shy–Drager syndrome, a form of multiple system atrophy; according to biographer Robert Hilburn, the disease was originally misdiagnosed as Parkinson's disease, and Cash even announced to a concert audience that he had Parkinson's during a show in Flint, Michigan, on October 25, 1997, after he nearly collapsed on stage; soon after his diagnosis was changed to Shy–Drager and Cash was told he had approximately 18 months to live.[90] The diagnosis was later again altered to autonomic neuropathy associated with diabetes. The illness forced Cash to curtail his touring. He was hospitalized in 1998 with severe pneumonia, which damaged his lungs.
During the last stage of his career, Cash released the albums American III: Solitary Man (2000) and American IV: The Man Comes Around (2002). American IV included cover songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.[91] Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails commented that he was initially skeptical about Cash's plan to cover "Hurt", but was later impressed and moved by the rendition.[92] The video for "Hurt" received critical and popular acclaim.[93][94]
June Carter Cash died on May 15, 2003, at the age of 73.[95] June had told Cash to keep working, so he continued to record, completing 60 more songs in the last four months of his life, and even performed a couple of surprise shows at the Carter Family Fold outside Bristol, Virginia. At the July 5, 2003, concert (his last public performance), before singing "Ring of Fire", Cash read a statement about his late wife that he had written shortly before taking the stage:

The spirit of June Carter overshadows me tonight with the love she had for me and the love I have for her. We connect somewhere between here and Heaven. She came down for a short visit, I guess, from Heaven to visit with me tonight to give me courage and inspiration like she always has.

Cash continued to record until shortly before his death. His final recordings were made on August 21, 2003, and consisted of "Like the 309", which appeared on American V: A Hundred Highways in 2006, and the final song he completed, "Engine 143", which was recorded for his son John Carter Cash for a planned Carter Family tribute album.[96]
Death[edit]
While hospitalized at Baptist Hospital in Nashville, Cash died of complications from diabetes at approximately 2:00 a.m. CT on September 12, 2003, aged 71—less than four months after his wife. It was suggested that Johnny's health worsened due to a broken heart over June's death.[97][98] He was buried next to his wife in Hendersonville Memory Gardens near his home in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
In June 2005, Cash's lakeside home on Caudill Drive in Hendersonville was put up for sale by his estate. In January 2006, the house was sold to Bee Gees vocalist Barry Gibb and wife Linda, and titled to their Florida limited liability company for $2.3 million. The listing agent was Cash's younger brother, Tommy. On April 10, 2007, during a major restoration of the property by the new owner, Cash's home was accidentally destroyed in a spontaneous combustion-ignited fire caused by workers using linseed oil products.[99]
One of Cash's final collaborations with producer Rick Rubin, American V: A Hundred Highways, was released posthumously on July 4, 2006. The album debuted in the No.1 position on the Billboard Top 200 album chart for the week ending July 22, 2006. On February 23, 2010, three days before what would have been Cash's 78th birthday, the Cash Family, Rick Rubin, and Lost Highway Records released his second posthumous record, titled American VI: Ain't No Grave.
Religious beliefs[edit]
Cash was raised by his parents in the Southern Baptist denomination of Christianity. He was baptized in 1944 in the Tyronza River as a member of the Central Baptist Church of Dyess, Arkansas.[100]
A troubled but devout Christian,[101][102][page needed] Cash has been characterized as a "lens through which to view American contradictions and challenges."[d][104][105] A biblical scholar,[2][106][107] he penned a Christian novel, Man in White, and in the introduction Cash writes about a reporter who, interested in Cash's religious beliefs, questions whether the book is written from a Baptist, Catholic, or Jewish perspective. Cash denies an answer to the book's view and his own, and replies, "I'm a Christian. Don't put me in another box."[108][page needed][109]
In the mid-seventies, Cash and his wife, June, completed a course of study in the Bible through Christian International Bible College.[56] Cash often performed at Billy Graham Crusades. At a Tallahassee Crusade in 1986, June and Johnny sang his song, "One of These Days I'm Gonna Sit Down And Talk To Paul." [110]At a notable performance in Arkansas in 1989 Johnny Cash spoke to attendees of his commitment to the salvation of drug dealers and alcoholics. He then sang, "Family Bible." [111]
He made a spoken word recording of the entire New King James Version of the New Testament.[112][113] Cash declared he was "the biggest sinner of them all", and viewed himself overall as a complicated and contradictory man.[114][e] Accordingly,[f] Cash is said to have "contained multitudes," and has been deemed "the philosopher-prince of American country music."[119][120]
Cash is credited with having converted actor and singer John Schneider to Christianity.[121]
Legacy[edit]




The clothes and guitar of Johnny Cash on exhibit in the Artist Gallery of the Musical Instrument Museum of Phoenix


Cash's daughter Rosanne (by first wife Vivian Liberto) and his son John Carter Cash (by June Carter Cash) are notable musicians in their own right.
Cash nurtured and defended artists (such as Bob Dylan[43]) on the fringes of what was acceptable in country music even while serving as the country music establishment's most visible symbol. At an all-star concert which aired in 1999 on TNT, a diverse group of artists paid him tribute, including Dylan, Chris Isaak, Wyclef Jean, Norah Jones, Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, Dom DeLuise, and U2. Cash himself appeared at the end and performed for the first time in more than a year. Two tribute albums were released shortly before his death; Kindred Spirits contains works from established artists, while Dressed in Black contains works from many lesser-known musicians. In total, he wrote over 1,000 songs and released dozens of albums. A box set titled Unearthed was issued posthumously. It included four CDs of unreleased material recorded with Rubin as well as a Best of Cash on American retrospective CD. The set also includes a 104-page book that discusses each track and features one of Cash's final interviews.[122]
In recognition of his lifelong support of SOS Children's Villages, his family invited friends and fans to donate to the Johnny Cash Memorial Fund in his memory. He had a personal link with the SOS village in Diessen, at the Ammersee Lake in Southern Germany, near where he was stationed as a GI, and with the SOS village in Barrett Town, by Montego Bay, near his holiday home in Jamaica.[123][124]
In 1999, Cash received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Cash No. 31 on their "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list[125][126] and No. 21 on their "100 Greatest Singers" list in 2010.[127] In 2012 Rolling Stone ranked Cash's 1968 live album At Folsom Prison and 1994 studio album American Recordings at No. 88[128] and No. 366[129] in its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The main street in Hendersonville, Tennessee, Highway 31E, is known as "Johnny Cash Parkway."[citation needed]
The Johnny Cash Museum, located in one of Cash's properties in Hendersonville until 2006, dubbed the House of Cash, was sold based on Cash's will. Prior to this, having been closed for a number of years, the museum had been featured in Cash's music video for "Hurt." The house subsequently burned down during the renovation by the new owner. A new museum, founded by Shannon and Bill Miller, opened April 26, 2013, in downtown Nashville.[130]
On November 2–4, 2007, the Johnny Cash Flower Pickin' Festival was held in Starkville, Mississippi, where Cash had been arrested more than 40 years earlier and held overnight at the city jail on May 11, 1965. The incident inspired Cash to write the song "Starkville City Jail". The festival, where he was offered a symbolic posthumous pardon, honored Cash's life and music and was expected to become an annual event.[131]
JC Unit One, Johnny Cash's private tour bus from 1980 until 2003, was put on exhibit at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2007. The museum offers public tours of the bus on a seasonal basis (it is stored during the winter months and not exhibited during those times).[132]
A limited-edition Forever stamp honoring Cash went on sale June 5, 2013. The stamp features a promotional picture of Cash taken around the 1963 release of "Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. The Undertaker used Cash's version of "Ain't No Grave" at WrestleMania XXVII as his entrance theme.[133]
On October 14, 2014, The City of Folsom unveiled Phase 1 of the Johnny Cash Trail to the public with a dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Roseanne Cash. Along the trail, eight larger-than-life public art pieces will tell the story of Johnny Cash, his connection to Folsom Prison, and his epic musical career. The Johnny Cash Trail features art selected by a committee that included Cindy Cash, a 2-acre (0.81 ha) Legacy Park, and over 3 miles (4.8 km) of multi-use Class-I bike trail. The artists responsible for the sculptures are Sacramento-based Romo Studios, LLC and the Fine Art Studio of Rotblatt Amrany, from Illinois.[134]
In 2015, a new species of black tarantula was identified near Folsom Prison and named Aphonopelma johnnycashi in his honor.
In 2016, the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team added the "Country Legends Race" to its between-innings entertainment. At the middle of the fifth inning, people in oversized foam caricature costumes depicting Cash, as well as George Jones and Reba McEntire, race around the warning track at First Tennessee Park from center field to the home plate side of the first base dugout.[135]
The Johnny Cash Heritage Festival will be held in Dyess, Arkansas on October 19-21, 2017 [136]. It will build on the music festival held for four years on the Arkansas State University campus in Jonesboro. The festival honors Johnny Cash and explores the New Deal programs that shaped his childhood in Dyess, Arkansas. The Festival includes a concert in the field adjacent to the Cash Home and Arkansas roots music in the Colony Circle.

Portrayals[edit]
Country singer Mark Collie portrayed Cash in John Lloyd Miller's award-winning 1999 short film I Still Miss Someone.[72]
In November 2005, Walk the Line, a biographical film about Cash's life, was released in the United States to considerable commercial success and critical acclaim. The film featured Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny (for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor) and Reese Witherspoon as June (for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress). Phoenix and Witherspoon also won the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy and Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy, respectively. They both performed their own vocals in the film (with their version of "Jackson" being released as a single), and Phoenix learned to play guitar for the role. Phoenix received a Grammy Award for his contributions to the soundtrack. John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny and June, served as an executive producer.[72]
On March 12, 2006, Ring of Fire, a jukebox musical of the Cash oeuvre, debuted on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theater but closed due to harsh reviews and disappointing sales on April 30. Million Dollar Quartet, a musical portraying the early Sun recording sessions involving Cash, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins, debuted on Broadway on April 11, 2010. Actor Lance Guest portrayed Cash. The musical was nominated for three awards at the 2010 Tony Awards and won one.
Robert Hilburn, veteran Los Angeles Times pop music critic, the journalist who accompanied Cash in his 1968 Folsom prison tour, and interviewed Cash many times throughout his life including months before his death, published a 688-page biography with 16 pages of photographs in 2013.[137] The meticulously reported biography is said to have filled in the 80 percent of Cash's life that was unknown, including details about Cash's battles with addiction and infidelity.[138] The book reportedly does not hold back any details about the darker side of Johnny Cash and includes details about his affair with his pregnant wife June Carter's sister.[139]
Awards and honors[edit]
For detailed lists of music awards, see List of awards received by Johnny Cash.
Cash received multiple Country Music Association Awards, Grammys, and other awards, in categories ranging from vocal and spoken performances to album notes and videos. In a career that spanned almost five decades, during which he rose to recording industry icon status, Cash was the personification of country music to many people around the world. Cash was a musician who was not defined by a single genre. He recorded songs that could be considered rock and roll, blues, rockabilly, folk, and gospel, and exerted an influence on each of those genres.[citation needed]
His diversity was evidenced by his presence in five major music halls of fame: the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame (1977), the Country Music Hall of Fame (1980), the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (1992), GMA's Gospel Music Hall of Fame (2010) and the Memphis Music Hall of Fame (2013).[140][141] Cash was the only country music artist inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a "performer", unlike the other country members, who were inducted as "early influences".[citation needed]
His contributions to the genre have been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.[142] Cash received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1996 and stated that his induction into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980 was his greatest professional achievement. In 2001, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.[143] "Hurt" was nominated for six VMAs at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. The only VMA the video won was that for Best Cinematography. With the video, Johnny Cash became the oldest artist ever nominated for an MTV Video Music Award.[144] Justin Timberlake, who won Best Video that year for "Cry Me a River," said in his acceptance speech: "This is a travesty! I demand a recount. My grandfather raised me on Johnny Cash, and I think he deserves this more than any of us in here tonight."[145]
Discography[edit]
See Johnny Cash albums discography, Johnny Cash singles discography and Johnny Cash Sun Records discography.
Filmography[edit]

Film

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1961
Five Minutes to Live
Johnny Cabot
Also titled Door-To-Door Maniac


1967
The Road to Nashville
Himself



1971
A Gunfight
Abe Cross



1974
The Gospel Road
Narrator/Himself



1994
Gene Autry, Melody of the West
Narrator
Documentary film; voice acting role


2003
The Hunted
Narrator
Voice acting role


2014
The Winding Stream
Interview subject[146]
Documentary film; archive footage



Television

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1959
Shotgun Slade
Sheriff
Episode: "The Stalkers"


1959
Wagon Train
Frank Hoag
Episode: "The C.L. Harding Story


1960
The Rebel
Pratt
Episode: "The Death of Gray"


1961
The Deputy
Bo Braddock
Episode: "The Deathly Quiet"


1969–1971
The Johnny Cash Show
Himself – host and performer
58 episodes


1970
The Partridge Family
Variety Show Host
Episode: "What? Get Out of Show Business?"


1973–1992
Sesame Street
Himself
4 episodes


1974–1988
Hee Haw
Himself
4 episodes


1974
Columbo
Tommy Brown
Episode: "Swan Song"


1974
Johnny Cash Ridin' the Rails—The Great American Train Story
Himself



1976
Johnny Cash and Friends
Himself
4 episodes


1976
Little House on the Prairie
Caleb Hodgekiss
Episode: "The Collection"


1976–1985
Johnny Cash specials (various titles)
Himself
15 specials


1978
Thaddeus Rose and Eddie
Thaddeus Rose
Television film


1980
The Muppet Show
Himself
Episode: "#5.21"


1981
The Pride of Jesse Hallam
Jesse Hallam
Television film


1982
Saturday Night Live
Himself
Episode: "Johnny Cash/Elton John"


1983
Murder in Coweta County
Lamarr Potts
Television film; also producer


1984
The Baron and the Kid
The Baron
Will
Television film


1985
North and South
John Brown
6 episodes


1986
The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James
Frank James
Television film


1986
Stagecoach
Curly Wilcox
Television film


1988
The Magical World of Disney
Elder Davy Crockett
Episode: "Rainbow in the Thunder"


1993–1997
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman
Kid Cole
4 episodes


1996
Renegade
Henry Travis
Episode: "The Road Not Taken"


1997
The Simpsons
Space Coyote
Episode: "The Mysterious Voyage of Homer"; voice acting role


1998
All My Friends Are Cowboys
Himself
Television special


2014
Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music
Himself
BBC4 1969 Bio Documentary by Robert Elfstromg; archive footage


Published works[edit]

Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words, Zondervan, 1975; ISBN 99924-31-58-X
Man in White, a novel about the Apostle Paul, HarperCollins, 1986; ISBN 0-06-250132-1
Cash: The Autobiography, with Patrick Carr, HarperCollins, 1997; ISBN 978-0-06-101357-7[147]
Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament, Thomas Nelson, 2011; ISBN 978-1-4185-4883-4[148]
Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara, 2014; ISBN 978-0-930677-03-9[149]
The Man Who Carried Cash: Saul Holiff, Johnny Cash, and the Making of an American Icon by Julie Chadwick, Dundurn Press, 2017; ISBN 978-1-459737-23-5

Notes[edit]



^ Although Cash's voice type endured over the years, his timbre changed noticeably: "Through a recording career that stretche[d] back to 1955", Pareles writes, Cash's "bass-baritone voice [went] from gravelly to grave".[5]
^ For Cash, black stage attire was a "symbol of rebellion—against a stagnant status quo, against ... hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas".[11]
^ Schultz refers to this phrase as Cash's "trademark greeting," and places his utterance of this line, on Cash's At Folsom Prison album, "among the most electrifying [seconds] in the history of concert recording."[12]
^ Other appraisals of Cash's iconic value have been even bolder.[103]
^ Urbanski[115] notes that Cash's habit of performing in black attire began in a church. In the following paragraph, he[116] quotes Cash[117] as indicating that this habit was partially reflective of Cash's rebellion "against our hypocritical houses of God".
^ According to Urbanski, Cash's self-perception was accurate: "He never intended to be categorized or pigeonholed", and indeed he amassed a "cluster of enigmas" which "was so impenetrably deep that even those closest to him never got to see every part of him".[118]



References[edit]


^ Johnny Cash—Guitars and Equipment, Über Pro Audio, 2009, retrieved May 15, 2009 
^ a b Johnny Cash & June Carter, Last.fm, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Holden, Stephen (September 13, 2003), "Johnny Cash, Country Music Bedrock, Dies at 71", The New York Times, retrieved February 25, 2013 
^ Jones, Rebecca (January 14, 2014). "More Johnny Cash material will be released says son". BBC News. Retrieved February 13, 2016. 
^ a b c Pareles 1994.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. xiv.
^ Dickie, M. (2002) [1987], "Hard talk from the God-fearin', pro-metal man in Black", in Streissguth, M., Ring of fire: The Johnny Cash reader, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo, pp. 201–205 
^ a b c d Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 196 
^ Fox, JA (October 17, 2005), "Hard time's never a 'circus'", The Boston Herald, Baylor University, archived from the original on September 20, 2006, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Streissguth 2005.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Schultz, B. (July 1, 2000), "Classic Tracks: Johnny Cash's 'Folsom Prison Blues'", Mix, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Mulligan, J. (February 24, 2010), Johnny Cash: American VI: Ain't No Grave (album review), entertainment.ie, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ For discussion of, and lyrics to, Cash's songs, see Cusic, D., ed. (2004), Johnny Cash: The songs, New York, NY: Thunder's Mouth 
^ Miller 2003, p. 341.
^ Ellis, A. (2004, 01). The man in black: Johnny cash, 1932–2003. Guitar Player, 38, 31–32, 34.
^ "Johnny Cash's Funeral", Johnny and June Carter Cash Memorial, Buddy Case, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ "Reba Cash Hancock", Harpeth Family Funeral Services, Harpeth hills, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ Millar, Anna (June 4, 2006), "Celtic connection as Cash walks the line in Fife", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ Cash, Roseanne (2010). A memoir. Viking Press. ISBN 978-1-101-45769-6. 
^ Manzoor, Sarfraz (February 7, 2010), Scottish roots of Johnny Cash, the man in black tartan, London, UK: The Guardian, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ a b Miller 2003, p. 11.
^ Dalton, Stephanie (January 15, 2006), "Walking the line back in time", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman.com, archived from the original on October 21, 2007, retrieved June 28, 2007 
^ Cash & Carr 1997, p. 3.
^ Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 6 
^ a b c d e f g Cash & Carr 1997.
^ Jack D. Cash, Find-a-Grave 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 31). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Gross 2006.
^ Abbott, William. "Johnny Cash – February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003". Southernmusic.net. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ Johnny Cash: The Biography (pg. 42)
^ Malone, William; McCulloh, Judith (1975), Stars of Country Music, Chicago, IL 
^ Berkowitz, Kenny (June 2001). "No Regrets – Johnny Cash, the man in black, is back at the top of his game". AcousticGuitar.com (102). Archived from the original on August 12, 2008. Retrieved June 28, 2009. 
^ Johnny Cash Things You Didn't Know About Johnny Cash at Taste of Country. Retrieved September 24, 2016
^ Johnny Cash at TV People Retrieved September 24
^ Turner 2004, pp. 43–44.
^ Sweeting, Adam (September 12, 2003), "Johnny Cash", The Guardian (Obituary), London, UK, retrieved January 26, 2009 
^ Puterbaugh, Parke. "Essential Johnny Cash." Rolling Stone October 16, 2003: 78. International Index to Music Periodicals Full Text [ProQuest]. Web. June 12, 2016.
^ The Man in Black's Musical Journey Continues, NPR, retrieved February 9, 2010 
^ "10 Things you didn't know about Johnny Cash". Retrieved August 29, 2014. 
^ "Rainbow Quest". Richardandmimi.com. February 26, 1966. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ "My Father and The Man in Black". Johnny-and-saul.com. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ a b Johnny Cash interviewed on the Pop Chronicles (1969)
^ Liberto, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, p. 294.
^ "Major brush fire." Los Angeles Times, June 28, 1965, p. 1.
^ "Control of Brush Fire Near; 700 Acres Burned." Los Angeles Times, June 29, 1965, p. 27.
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). Johnny Cash: The Life. Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 0-316-19475-1. 
^ Johnson, Brett (November 18, 2007), "Cash's first wife tells of romance, heartbreak", Ventura County Star. Retrieved July 9, 2013.
^ Williford, Stanley and Howard Hertel. "Singer Johnny Cash Pays $82,000 to U.S. in Fire Case", Los Angeles Times, July 3, 1969, p. A3.
^ Johnny Cash, At San Quentin, Columbia Records CS 9827, 1969
^ "Past Winners Search". The GRAMMYs. 
^ "12 000 at LaFayette show", Rome News Tribune, LaFayette, Georgia: Google News, p. 5A, August 14, 1970 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 34). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Zwonitzer, Mark (2002). Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone: The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-85763-4. 
^ Grant, Marshall (2005). I Was There When It Happened – My Life With Johnny Cash. Cumberland House. ISBN 1-58182-510-2. 
^ a b Cash, John Carter (2007). Anchored in Love. Thomas Nelson. ISBN 0-8499-0187-1.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "John_Carter_Cash" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Cash in Treatment", Orlando Sentinel, November 26, 1989 
^ "Inmate Merle Haggard hears Johnny Cash play San Quentin State Prison", history.com; accessed June 24, 2014.
^ Edwards, Leigh H. "Cash, Johnny." Grove Music Online. Oxford Music Online. Oxford University Press.
^ Cash, Johnny. "Johnny and June Carter Cash on Pete Seeger's Rainbow Quest". Youtube. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ Cash, J., & Carr, P. (1997). Cash: The autobiography (p. 408). San Francisco, CA: HarperSanFrancisco.
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (p. 597). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ "Johnny Cash – Bitter Tears – Ballads of the American Indian". www.discogs.com. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ (1965). Johnny Cash and June Carter [Television series episode]. In Rainbow Quest.Pete Seeger. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQq0dw7rmtc
^ Look Again To The Wind: Johnny Cash's Bitter Tears Revisited. (July 8, 2014). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.sony.com/SCA/company-news/press-releases/sony-music-masterworks/2014/look-again-to-the-wind-johnny-cashs-bitter-tears-r.shtml
^ a b The Bitter Tears of Johnny Cash. (November 8, 2009). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.salon.com/2009/11/09/johnny_cash_2/
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 598–599). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ (1970). [Television series episode]. In The Johnny Cash Show.Johnny Cash. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yz7xYzEEZo&list=LLwSdCgA8WpUDjjX6Il2AhXA&index=3
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 592). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ Burnett, John G. (December 11, 1890). "Birthday Story of Private John G. Burnett, Captain Abraham McClellan's Company, 2nd Regiment, 2nd Brigade, Mounted Infantry, Cherokee Indian Removal, 1838–39.". Creoliste. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian". The Bluegrass Special. August 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f Johnny Cash on IMDb
^ The Best of the Johnny Cash TV Show 1969–1971, Disc 1 (of 2), Reverse Angle Production, 2007 
^ a b Cash & Carr 1997, pp. 85–86.
^ "The good, bad and ugly of proposed uniforms", Navy Times, October 4, 2004 
^ Turner Publishing (2004). Lionel Trains: A Pictorial History of Trains and Their Collectors. Turner Publishing Company. p. 19. ISBN 1-56311-958-7. 
^ Allmond, Joy. September 13, 2015. Johnny Cash's Faith and Friendship with Billy Graham. Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. https://billygraham.org/story/johnny-cashs-faith-and-friendship-with-billy-graham/
^ Nixon Welcomes 'The Man in Black' to the White House, Nixon Foundation, April 17, 2011, archived from the original on August 22, 2011 
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 212.
^ Richard Nixon, April 17, 1970, released on Johnny Cash, Bootleg Vol. III: Live Around the World (Columbia/Legacy 88697 93033 2), released 2011
^ Halloran, R. July 4, 1976. "500,000 View Capital's Bicentennial Parade" New York Times.
^ Lot 756 of 982: JOHNNY CASH BICENTENNIAL SHIRT http://www.julienslive.com/view-auctions/catalog/id/15/lot/3115/JOHNNY-CASH-BICENTENNIAL-SHIRT
^ Willett, E. (2011).Johnny Cash: "The Man in Black", p.90. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow.
^ Johnny Cash: The Rebel, Canada: Exclaim.ca, p. 3 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 500–502
^ Lewis, Randy (December 10, 2013). "'Lost' Early-'80s Johnny Cash Album Slated for March 25 Release". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ Hilburn, p. 506
^ Adam Gold, "How U2 Fell in Love With Nashville and Influenced Today's Country Music," Rolling Stone July 13, 2017 http://www.rollingstone.com/country/features/inside-u2s-love-affair-with-nashville-country-music-w491992
^ The Guitars of Johnny Cash, Fretbase.com, August 2008, archived from the original on October 1, 2008 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 568–570
^ Carr, Eric (November 7, 2002). "Johnny Cash, American IV: The Man Comes Around". Pitchfork. Retrieved May 12, 2017. 
^ "Geoff Rickly interviews Trent Reznor". Alternative Press. 2004-06-26. Retrieved 2016-06-21. 
^ Levy, Glen (July 28, 2011). "The 30 All-TIME Best Music Videos – Johnny Cash, Hurt". Time. Retrieved August 19, 2011. 
^ "100 Greatest Music Videos". NME. Retrieved 15 December 2012. 
^ "Country Star June Carter Cash, Wife of Johnny Cash, Dies at 73". 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. (New York: Little, Brown & Co., 2013), p. 624
^ "Death from a Broken Heart". Medicine net. November 24, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Johnny Cash Dead at Age 71". About. September 12, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Fire destroys Johnny Cash house". BBC.co.uk. April 11, 2007. Retrieved September 29, 2010. 
^ Johnny Cash, Man in Black, Zondervan, ISBN 978-99924-31-58-0 
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi.
^ Urbanski 2003.
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi: 'Very few figures in recent history are seen as more representative of American identity as Cash ... His has often been suggested as the face that should be added to the select pantheon on Mt. Rushmore'
^ Clapp 2008, p. xviii.
^ Miller 2003, p. 227.
^ Stoudt, C. (June 9, 2009), "Review: 'Ring of Fire' at La Mirada Theatre", The Los Angeles Times, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Johnny Cash: Amazing Grace, Public Radio Exchange, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Cash 2008.
^ "Johnny Cash obituary", News, BBC, September 12, 2003, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Billy Graham Crusade, 1986, Tallahassee, Florida, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlXGSi4rxf8
^ Billy Graham Crusade,1989, Little Rock, Arkansas, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5Sd_qcBSQ
^ Rivkin, D., ed. (2007), Johnny Cash reading the complete New Testament (audio recording) (deluxe ed.), Nashville, TN: Thomas Nelson 
^ Morris, E. (December 23, 2008), Johnny Cash's reading of the New Testament now on DVD, Country Music Television, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. xx–xxi.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. 39.
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. 39–40.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Urbanski, D. (2010), "Johnny Cash's complicated faith: Unwrapping the enigma of the Man in Black", Relevant Magazine, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Huss, J.; Werther, D., eds. (2008), Johnny Cash and philosophy: The burning ring of truth, Chicago, IL: Open Court 
^ Johnny Cash and philosophy, Open Court, 2007, archived from the original on March 28, 2010, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ "Taking the Lead – Today's Christian". Archived from the original on April 10, 2008. Retrieved 2015-04-28. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link)
^ "Cash's "Unearthed" box set". billboard. Billboard Magazine. October 22, 2003. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Celebrities as partners, SOS Children's Villages, archived from the original on May 18, 2008 
^ "Johnny Cash", Supporters, USA: SOS Children's Villages 
^ Kristofferson, Kris. "Johnny Cash, No. 31". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "The Immortals: The First Fifty". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "100 Greatest Singers of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ Rutz, Heather (June 7, 2013). "Lima native creative director at new Johnny Cash museum". The Lima News. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Mississippi town to honor the 'Man in Black'". MSN.com. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ Soeder, John (May 19, 2010). "Johnny Cash's tour bus returns to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash Stamp Release Celebrated By Family". Huffington Post. June 3, 2013. Retrieved June 3, 2013. 
^ "Folsom, CA – Johnny Cash Trail & Art Experience". www.folsom.ca.us. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Opening Night at First Tennessee Park". The Tennessean. April 7, 2016. Retrieved April 8, 2016. 
^ Johnny Cash Heritage Festival http://johnnycashheritagefestival.com/
^ Hilburn, Robert (2013). Johnny Cash: The Life (Deckle Edge). New York City: Little Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-19475-4. 
^ Kinchen, David (November 3, 2013). "BOOK REVIEW: 'Johnny Cash': Meticulous Attention to Facts Sets Robert Hilburn's Biography Apart". Huntington News. Retrieved December 12, 2013. 
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). "Interview: Robert Hilburn, Author Of 'Johnny Cash: The Life'". NPR. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Country Music Hall of Fame 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 
^ "RHOF Inductees with Certificates". Rockabilly Hall of Fame. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "Lifetime Honors", National Medal of Arts 
^ "Johnny Cash – Memories Shared". Songstuff. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Quotables "August 29, 2003 Justin Timberlake on Johnny Cash"". Archived from the original on April 7, 2014. Retrieved April 5, 2014. 
^ "The Winding Stream (2014)". IMDb. Retrieved November 9, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash – Cash: The Autobiography of Johnny Cash Review". SocialBookshelves.com. Retrieved July 13, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament". barnesandnoble.com. Retrieved November 24, 2014. 
^ "Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara". Retrieved September 9, 2015. 


Bibliography[edit]


Clapp, R (2008), Johnny Cash and the great American contradiction: Christianity and the battle for the soul of a nation, Louisville, KY: Westminster John Knox, ISBN 978-0-664-23657-1 .
D'Ambrosio, Antonino (2009), A Heartbeat and A Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears, Perseus Books/Nation Books, ISBN 978-1-56858-407-2 .
Gross, Terry (2006), All I Did Was Ask: Conversations with Writers, Actors, Musicians, and Artists, Hyperion, ISBN 1-4013-0010-3 .
Holmes, Cynthia S. (January 2004), "Remembering H Dale Jackson", Connect (newsletter), The CBF of Missouri, p. 2 .
Millier, William, "Awards", Johnny Cash, archived from the original on October 10, 2004, retrieved September 7, 2004 .
Miller, Stephen (2003), Johnny Cash: The Life of an American Icon, Omnibus, ISBN 0-7119-9626-1 .
Streissguth, Michael (2004), Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81338-2 .
Streissguth, Michael (2005) [2004], Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81453-2 .
Thomson, Elisabeth, "Cash, Johnny", Grove Music, Oxford Music Online, retrieved May 18, 2010 .
Turner, Stephen (2004), The Man Called Cash: The Life, Love, and Faith of an American Legend, Nashville, TN: W Publishing, ISBN 0-8499-1820-0 .
Urbanski, David (2003), The Man Comes Around: The Spiritual Journey of Johnny Cash, New York, NY: Relevant Books, ISBN 0-9729276-7-0 .


Further reading[edit]

Jonathan Silverman, Nine Choices: Johnny Cash and American Culture, Amherst: University of Massachusetts, 2010, ISBN 1-55849-826-5
Graeme Thomson, The Resurrection of Johnny Cash: Hurt, Redemption, and American Recordings, Jawbone Press, ISBN 978-1-906002-36-7
Christopher S. Wren, Johnny Cash: Winners Got Scars, Too, Abacus Editions, ISBN 0-349-13740-4
Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life, Back Bay Books, New York: Little Brown and Company, 2013, ISBN 978-0-316-19474-7(pb)

External links[edit]





Book: Johnny Cash





Find more aboutJohnny Cashat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Data from Wikidata



Official website
Sony Music's Johnny Cash website
"Inductee Johnny Cash", Candidates, Hit Parade Hall of Fame, archived from the original on January 6, 2008 .
Johnny Cash at AllMusic
Johnny Cash on IMDb
"Johnny Cash". Find a Grave. Retrieved November 30, 2013. 
Johnny Cash profile at martinguitar.com



Awards


First
None recognized before

First Amendment Center/AMA "Spirit of Americana" Free Speech Award
2002
Succeeded by
Kris Kristofferson


Preceded by
Buddy & Julie Miller
AMA Album of the Year (artist)
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn


Preceded by
Jim Lauderdale
AMA Artist of the Year
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn








v
t
e


Johnny Cash



Studio albums



With His Hot and Blue Guitar
Sings the Songs That Made Him Famous
The Fabulous Johnny Cash
Greatest!
Songs of Our Soil
Sings Hank Williams
Now, There Was a Song!
Now Here's Johnny Cash
The Sound of Johnny Cash
All Aboard the Blue Train
Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash
The Original Sun Sound of Johnny Cash
I Walk the Line
Orange Blossom Special
Everybody Loves a Nut
Happiness Is You
Old Golden Throat
More of Old Golden Throat
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash
The World of Johnny Cash
Man in Black
A Thing Called Love
Any Old Wind That Blows
Ragged Old Flag
The Junkie and the Juicehead Minus Me
John R. Cash
Look at Them Beans
One Piece at a Time
The Last Gunfighter Ballad
I Would Like to See You Again
Gone Girl
Silver
Rockabilly Blues
The Baron
The Adventures of Johnny Cash
Johnny 99
Rainbow
Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town
Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series
Water from the Wells of Home
Boom Chicka Boom
The Mystery of Life
American Recordings
Unchained
American III: Solitary Man
American IV: The Man Comes Around
Personal File
American V: A Hundred Highways
American VI: Ain't No Grave
Out Among the Stars





Concept albums



Ride This Train
Blood, Sweat and Tears
Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian
Sings the Ballads of the True West
From Sea to Shining Sea
America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song
The Johnny Cash Children's Album
The Rambler





Gospel albums



Hymns by Johnny Cash
Hymns from the Heart
The Holy Land
The Gospel Road (film soundtrack)
Sings Precious Memories
A Believer Sings the Truth
Believe in Him
Return to the Promised Land (video soundtrack)
My Mother's Hymn Book





Christmas albums



The Christmas Spirit
The Johnny Cash Family Christmas
Classic Christmas
Johnny Cash Country Christmas





Collaborations



The Lure of the Grand Canyon
Carryin' On with Johnny Cash and June Carter
Johnny Cash and His Woman
The Legend of Jesse James
The Survivors Live
Highwayman
Class of '55
Heroes
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes on Forever
VH1 Storytellers





Live albums



At Folsom Prison
At San Quentin
The Johnny Cash Show
På Österåker
Strawberry Cake
Koncert v Praze (In Prague–Live)
At Madison Square Garden
A Concert Behind Prison Walls





Non-gospel soundtracks



I Walk the Line
Little Fauss and Big Halsy





Compilations



Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
Heart of Cash
Greatest Hits, Vol. 2
Sunday Morning Coming Down
International Superstar
Five Feet High and Rising
Destination Victoria Station
Greatest Hits, Vol. 3
The Unissued Johnny Cash
Johnny & June
Tall Man
Encore
Biggest Hits
The Man in Black 1954–1958
The Man in Black 1959–1962
Come Along and Ride This Train
The Essential Johnny Cash (1992)
Wanted Man
The Man in Black 1963–1969
The Man in Black – His Greatest Hits
16 Biggest Hits
Love, God, Murder
The Essential Johnny Cash (2002)
Unearthed
The Legend
The Legend of Johnny Cash
Johnny Cash: Patriot
16 Biggest Hits: Johnny Cash & June Carter Cash
The Legend of Johnny Cash Vol. II
The Complete Columbia Album Collection





Songs



"25 Minutes to Go"
"Seasons of My Heart"
"Any Old Wind That Blows"
"The Ballad of Boot Hill"
"The Ballad of Ira Hayes"
"Ballad of a Teenage Queen"
"Big River"
"Blistered"
"A Boy Named Sue"
"Busted"
"Cat's in the Cradle"
"Cocaine Blues"
"Cry! Cry! Cry!"
"Daddy Sang Bass"
"Dark as a Dungeon"
"Don't Take Your Guns to Town"
"Engine 143"
"Flesh and Blood"
"The Folk Singer"
"Folsom Prison Blues"
"Forty Shades of Green"
"Get Rhythm"
"Goodnight, Irene"
"Green, Green Grass of Home"
"Greystone Chapel"
"Guess Things Happen That Way"
"Hey, Porter"
"Home of the Blues"
"Hurt"
"I Couldn't Keep from Crying"
"I Love You Because"
"I Still Miss Someone"
"I Walk the Line"
"If I Had a Hammer"
"If I Were a Carpenter"
"In My Life"
"In the Jailhouse Now"
"It Ain't Me Babe"
"Jackson"
"Kate"
"The Man Comes Around"
"Man in Black"
"The Matador"
"Oh Lonesome Me"
"One Piece at a Time"
"Oney"
"Orange Blossom Special"
"The One on the Right Is on the Left"
"Remember the Alamo"
"(Ghost) Riders in the Sky"
"Ring of Fire"
"Rock Island Line"
"So Doggone Lonesome"
"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down"
"Tennessee Flat Top Box"
"There Ain't No Good Chain Gang"
"A Thing Called Love"
"Understand Your Man"
"What Is Truth"
"What'd I Say"





Television



The Johnny Cash Show





Family



June Carter Cash
John Carter Cash
Rosanne Cash
Carlene Carter
Vivian Liberto
Tommy Cash
Carter Family





Related



Albums discography
Singles discography
Sun Records discography
The Highwaymen
Carter Family Fold
Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words
Cash: The Autobiography
Johnny Cash! The Man, His World, His Music
Walk the Line
We Walk the Line: A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash
Ring of Fire (2013 film)
Ring of Fire (musical)
My Father and the Man in Black
Dyess, Arkansas
The Tennessee Three






 Book










v
t
e


The Highwaymen






Johnny Cash
Waylon Jennings
Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson





Studio albums



Highwayman
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes On Forever





Singles



"Highwayman"
"Desperados Waiting for a Train"
"Silver Stallion"
"It Is What It Is"












v
t
e


Members of the Grand Ole Opry






Roy Acuff
Trace Adkins
David "Stringbean" Akeman
Bill Anderson
Jack Anglin
Eddy Arnold
Ernest Ashworth
Chet Atkins
DeFord Bailey
Bobby Bare
Bashful Brother Oswald
Humphrey Bate
Dierks Bentley
Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers
Clint Black
Margie Bowes
Rod Brasfield
Garth Brooks
Jim Ed Brown
The Browns
Carl Butler and Pearl
Archie Campbell
Bill Carlisle
Martha Carson
The Carter Sisters
Maybelle Carter
Johnny Cash
June Carter Cash
Roy Clark
Terri Clark
Zeke Clements
Patsy Cline
Jerry Clower
John Conlee
Stoney Cooper
Wilma Lee Cooper
Cowboy Copas
Dailey & Vincent
Charlie Daniels
Skeeter Davis
The Delmore Brothers
The DeZurik Sisters
Diamond Rio
Little Jimmy Dickens
Joe Diffie
Danny Dill
Jimmy Driftwood
Roy Drusky
The Duke of Paducah
Holly Dunn
The Everly Brothers
Lester Flatt
Red Foley
Curly Fox
Lefty Frizzell
Larry Gatlin
Crystal Gayle
Don Gibson
Vince Gill
Billy Grammer
Jack Greene
The Gully Jumpers
Theron Hale
Tom T. Hall
George Hamilton IV
Sid Harkreader
Emmylou Harris
Hawkshaw Hawkins
George D. Hay
Hoot Hester
Goldie Hill
David Houston
Jan Howard
Ferlin Husky
Alan Jackson
Stonewall Jackson
Sonny James
Norma Jean
Jim & Jesse
Johnnie & Jack
George Jones
Grandpa Jones
The Jordanaires
Doug Kershaw
Hal Ketchum
Bradley Kincaid
Pee Wee King
Alison Krauss
Little Big Town
Hank Locklin
Lonzo and Oscar
Bobby Lord
The Louvin Brothers
Charlie Louvin
Ira Louvin
Patty Loveless
Bob Luman
Loretta Lynn
Uncle Dave Macon
Rose Maddox
Barbara Mandrell
Kerry Marx
Martina McBride
Del McCoury
Mel McDaniel
Reba McEntire
McGee Brothers
Jesse McReynolds
Ronnie Milsap
Bill Monroe
Montgomery Gentry
Craig Morgan
George Morgan
Lorrie Morgan
Moon Mullican
Willie Nelson
Jimmy C. Newman
The Oak Ridge Boys
Old Crow Medicine Show
Osborne Brothers
Brad Paisley
Dolly Parton
Johnny Paycheck
Minnie Pearl
Stu Phillips
Webb Pierce
Ray Pillow
Ray Price
Charley Pride
Jeanne Pruett
Rascal Flatts
Del Reeves
Jim Reeves
Riders in the Sky
Tex Ritter
Marty Robbins
Darius Rucker
Johnny Russell
Rusty and Doug
Earl Scruggs
Jeannie Seely
Blake Shelton
Ricky Van Shelton
Jean Shepard
Ricky Skaggs
Mississippi Slim
Carl Smith
Connie Smith
Fiddlin' Arthur Smith
Mike Snider
Hank Snow
Red Sovine
Ralph Stanley
Marty Stuart
Texas Ruby
B. J. Thomas
Uncle Jimmy Thompson
Mel Tillis
Pam Tillis
Tompall & the Glaser Brothers
Randy Travis
Travis Tritt
Ernest Tubb
Justin Tubb
Josh Turner
Carrie Underwood
Keith Urban
Leroy Van Dyke
Porter Wagoner
Billy Walker
Charlie Walker
Steve Wariner
Kitty Wells
Dottie West
The Whites
Slim Whitman
The Wilburn Brothers
Don Williams
Hank Williams
Boxcar Willie
The Willis Brothers
Chubby Wise
Del Wood
Marion Worth
Johnnie Wright
Tammy Wynette
Trisha Yearwood
Faron Young












v
t
e


Country Music Hall of Fame 1980s






Johnny Cash (1980)
Connie B. Gay (1980)
Sons of the Pioneers (1980)
Vernon Dalhart (1981)
Grant Turner (1981)
Lefty Frizzell (1982)
Roy Horton (1982)
Marty Robbins (1982)
Little Jimmy Dickens (1983)
Ralph Peer (1984)
Floyd Tillman (1984)
Flatt and Scruggs (1985)
The Duke of Paducah (1986)
Wesley Rose (1986)
Rod Brasfield (1987)
Loretta Lynn (1988)
Roy Rogers (1988)
Jack Stapp (1989)
Cliffie Stone (1989)
Hank Thompson (1989)












v
t
e


Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album (1980s)






1980
John Gielgud - Ages of Man - Readings From Shakespeare
1981
Pat Carroll - Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein
1982
Orson Welles - Donovan's Brain
1983
Tom Voegeli (producer) - Raiders of the Lost Ark - The Movie on Record performed by various artists
1984
William Warfield - Lincoln Portrait
1985
Ben Kingsley - The Words of Gandhi
1986
Mike Berniker (producer) & the original Broadway cast - Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
1987
Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chips Moman, Ricky Nelson, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins, Sam Phillips - Interviews From the Class of '55 Recording Sessions
1988
Garrison Keillor - Lake Wobegon Days
1989
Jesse Jackson - Speech by Rev. Jesse Jackson









Complete list
(1959 & 1960s)
(1970s)
(1980s)
(1990s)
(2000s)
(2010s)













v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1990s)



1990



Dizzy Gillespie
Katharine Hepburn
Risë Stevens
Jule Styne
Billy Wilder





1991



Roy Acuff
Betty Comden and Adolph Green
Fayard and Harold Nicholas
Gregory Peck
Robert Shaw





1992



Lionel Hampton
Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
Ginger Rogers
Mstislav Rostropovich
Paul Taylor





1993



Johnny Carson
Arthur Mitchell
Sir Georg Solti
Stephen Sondheim
Marion Williams





1994



Kirk Douglas
Aretha Franklin
Morton Gould
Harold Prince
Pete Seeger





1995



Jacques d'Amboise
Marilyn Horne
B.B. King
Sidney Poitier
Neil Simon





1996



Edward Albee
Benny Carter
Johnny Cash
Jack Lemmon
Maria Tallchief





1997



Lauren Bacall
Bob Dylan
Charlton Heston
Jessye Norman
Edward Villella





1998



Bill Cosby
Fred Ebb and John Kander
Willie Nelson
André Previn
Shirley Temple Black





1999



Victor Borge
Sean Connery
Judith Jamison
Jason Robards
Stevie Wonder








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1992



Performers



Bobby Bland
Booker T. & the M.G.'s (Steve Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Al Jackson Jr., Booker T. Jones, Lewie Steinberg)
Johnny Cash
The Isley Brothers (Ernie Isley, Marvin Isley, O'Kelly Isley Jr., Ronald Isley, Rudolph Isley, Chris Jasper)
The Jimi Hendrix Experience (Jimi Hendrix, Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding)
Sam & Dave (Sam Moore, Dave Prater)
The Yardbirds (Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Chris Dreja, Jim McCarty, Jimmy Page, Keith Relf, Paul Samwell-Smith)





Early influences



Elmore James
Professor Longhair





Non-performers
(Ahmet Ertegun Award)



Leo Fender
Bill Graham
Doc Pomus









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 27251336
LCCN: n79018367
ISNI: 0000 0001 0882 3456
GND: 118519433
SELIBR: 182765
SUDOC: 077442083
BNF: cb13892236v (data)
BIBSYS: 90131809
MusicBrainz: d43d12a1-2dc9-4257-a2fd-0a3bb1081b86
NLA: 35853535
NKC: jn19990001359
BNE: XX881565










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnny_Cash&oldid=792513053"					
Categories: Johnny Cash1932 births2003 deaths20th-century American singers21st-century American singersMale actors from ArkansasAmerican autobiographersAmerican bass-baritonesAmerican country guitaristsAmerican country singersAmerican country singer-songwritersAmerican folk guitaristsAmerican folk singersAmerican male film actorsAmerican male singersAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican performers of Christian musicAmerican ChristiansAmerican acoustic guitaristsAmerican male guitaristsBurials in TennesseeCash–Carter familyCharly Records artistsColumbia Records artistsCountry Music Hall of Fame inducteesCountry musicians from ArkansasDeaths from diabetesDisease-related deaths in TennesseeGrammy Award winnersGrammy Legend AwardGrammy Lifetime Achievement Award winnersGrand Ole Opry membersKennedy Center honoreesMembers of the Country Music AssociationNative Americans' rights activistsPeople from Cleveland County, ArkansasMusicians from Nashville, TennesseePeople from Hendersonville, TennesseePeople from Sumner County, TennesseeRock and roll musiciansRock and Roll Hall of Fame inducteesSun Records artistsThe Highwaymen (country supergroup) membersTennessee DemocratsUnited States Air Force airmenGuitarists from ArkansasGuitarists from TennesseePeople from ArkansasGospel singersHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse mdy dates from November 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2012Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2014Articles with unsourced statements from May 2017Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaChavacano de ZamboangaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschDolnoserbskiEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺한국어HawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTsetsêhestâheseTürkçeУкраїнськаVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 23:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnny Cash - Wikipedia






















 






Johnny Cash

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the singer. For other uses, see Johnny Cash (disambiguation).


Johnny Cash



Cash in 1969



Born
J. R. Cash
(1932-02-26)February 26, 1932
Kingsland, Arkansas, U.S.A.


Died
September 12, 2003(2003-09-12) (aged 71)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A.


Cause of death
Diabetes mellitus


Resting place
Hendersonville Memory Gardens


Occupation



Singer-songwriter
guitarist
actor
author





Years active
1954–2003


Spouse(s)



Vivian Liberto
(m. 1954; div. 1966)
June Carter
(m. 1968; her death 2003)





Children
5, including Rosanne and John Carter


Website
johnnycash.com


Military career


Allegiance
United States


Service/branch
United States Air Force


Years of service
1950–1954


Rank
 Staff sergeant


Unit
12th Radio Squadron Mobile





Musical career


Genres



Country
rock and roll
folk
gospel





Instruments



Vocals
acoustic guitar





Labels



Sun
Columbia
Mercury
American
House of Cash
Legacy





Associated acts



The Tennessee Three
The Highwaymen
June Carter Cash
The Statler Brothers
The Carter Family
Waylon Jennings
Bob Dylan
Willie Nelson
Kris Kristofferson





Notable instruments





Martin Acoustic Guitars[1]
1943 Martin D28
Martin D35








John R. Cash (born J. R. Cash; February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author.[2] He is widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century and is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 90 million records worldwide.[3][4] Although primarily remembered as a country music icon, his genre-spanning songs and sound embraced rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of multiple inductions in the Country Music, Rock and Roll, and Gospel Music Halls of Fame.
Cash was known for his deep, calm bass-baritone voice,[a][6] the distinctive sound of his Tennessee Three backing band, which is characterized by train-sound guitar rhythms; a rebelliousness[7][8] coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor,[5] free prison concerts,[9][10] and a trademark, all-black stage wardrobe, which earned him the nickname "The Man in Black."[b] He traditionally began his concerts by simply introducing himself, "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash,"[c] followed by his signature "Folsom Prison Blues".
Much of Cash's music contained themes of sorrow, moral tribulation, and redemption, especially in the latter stages of his career.[5][13] His signature songs include "I Walk the Line", "Folsom Prison Blues", "Ring of Fire", "Get Rhythm", and "Man in Black". He also recorded humorous numbers like "One Piece at a Time" and "A Boy Named Sue"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called "Jackson" (followed by many further duets after their marriage); and railroad songs including "Hey, Porter", "Orange Blossom Special" and "Rock Island Line".[14] During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Military service
3 Marriages and family
4 Career

4.1 Early career
4.2 Outlaw image
4.3 Folsom and other prison concerts
4.4 Activism for Native Americans
4.5 "The Man in Black"
4.6 Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records
4.7 American Recordings


5 Last years
6 Death
7 Religious beliefs
8 Legacy

8.1 Portrayals


9 Awards and honors
10 Discography
11 Filmography
12 Published works
13 Notes
14 References

14.1 Bibliography


15 Further reading
16 External links



Early life[edit]
J. R. Cash was born on February 26, 1932 in Kingsland, Arkansas,[15][16] born to Ray Cash (May 13, 1897 in Kingsland, Arkansas – December 23, 1985 in Hendersonville, Tennessee) and Carrie Cloveree (née Rivers; March 13, 1904 in Rison, Arkansas – March 11, 1991 in Hendersonville, Tennessee). He was one of seven children, who were in birth order: Roy, Margaret Louise, Jack, J. R., Reba, Joanne, and Tommy (who also became a successful country artist).[17][18]He was primarily of English and Scottish descent,[19][20][21] and as an adult traced his surname to 11th-century Fife after meeting with the then-laird of Falkland, Major Michael Crichton-Stuart.[22][23][24] Cash Loch and other locations in Fife bear the name of his family.[22]
At birth, Cash was named J. R. Cash.[25] When Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force, he was not permitted to use initials as a first name,[citation needed] so he changed his name to John R. Cash. In 1955, when signing with Sun Records, he took Johnny Cash as his stage name.[8]
In March 1935, when Cash was three years old, the family settled in Dyess, Arkansas, a New Deal Colony intended to give poor families a chance to start over with land that they could work toward owning. J.R. started working in cotton fields at the age of five, singing along with his family while working. The family farm was flooded on at least two occasions, which later inspired him to write the song "Five Feet High and Rising".[26][page needed] His family's economic and personal struggles during the Great Depression inspired many of his songs, especially those about other people facing similar difficulties.
Cash was very close to his older brother, Jack.[27] In May 1944, Jack was pulled into a whirling head saw in the mill where he worked and was almost cut in two. He suffered for over a week before he died on May 20, 1944, at the age of 15.[26][page needed] Cash often spoke of the horrible guilt he felt over this incident. According to Cash: The Autobiography, his father was away that morning, but he and his mother, and Jack himself, all had premonitions or a sense of foreboding about that day, causing his mother to urge Jack to skip work and go fishing with his brother. Jack insisted on working, as the family needed the money. On his deathbed, Jack said he had visions of Heaven and angels. Decades later, Cash spoke of looking forward to meeting his brother in Heaven.[8]
Cash's early memories were dominated by gospel music and radio. Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend, Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve. When Cash was young, he had a high tenor voice, before becoming a bass-baritone.[28] In high school, he sang on a local radio station; decades later he released an album of traditional gospel songs, called My Mother's Hymn Book. He was also significantly influenced by traditional Irish music that he heard performed weekly by Dennis Day on the Jack Benny radio program.[29][page needed]
Military service[edit]
Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force on July 7, 1950.[30] After basic training at Lackland Air Force Base and technical training at Brooks Air Force Base, both in San Antonio, Texas, Cash was assigned to the 12th Radio Squadron Mobile of the U.S. Air Force Security Service at Landsberg, Germany as a Morse Code operator intercepting Soviet Army transmissions.[31] It was there he created his first band, named "The Landsberg Barbarians".[32] He was honorably discharged as a staff sergeant on July 3, 1954, and returned to Texas.[33] During his military service, he acquired a distinctive scar on the right side of his jaw as a result of surgery to remove a cyst.[34][35]
Marriages and family[edit]
On July 18, 1951, while in Air Force training, Cash met 17-year-old Vivian Liberto at a roller skating rink in her native San Antonio. They dated for three weeks until Cash was deployed to Germany for a three-year tour. During that time, the couple exchanged hundreds of pages of love letters.[36] On August 7, 1954, one month after his discharge, they were married at St. Ann's Roman Catholic Church in San Antonio. The ceremony was performed by her uncle, Father Vincent Liberto. They had four daughters: Rosanne, Kathy, Cindy, and Tara. Liberto stated that Cash's drug and alcohol abuse, as well as constant touring, affairs with other women, and his close relationship with June Carter led her to file for divorce in 1966.
Cash met June Carter, of the famed Carter Family while on tour and became infatuated, as did she. In 1968, 13 years after they first met backstage at the Grand Ole Opry, Cash proposed to June, during a live performance in London, Ontario.[37] The couple married on March 1, 1968, in Franklin, Kentucky. They had one child together, John Carter Cash, born March 3, 1970. Cash and Carter continued to work, raise their children, create music, and tour together for 35 years until June's death in May 2003. Throughout their marriage June attempted to keep Cash off of amphetamines, often taking his drugs and flushing them down the toilet. June remained with Johnny throughout multiple rehab visits and years of drug abuse. After June's passing, Cash believed that his only reason for living was his music.[38] Cash died four months later.[8]
Career[edit]
Early career[edit]




Publicity photo for Sun Records


In 1954, Cash and Vivian moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he sold appliances while studying to be a radio announcer. At night he played with guitarist Luther Perkins and bassist Marshall Grant. Perkins and Grant were known as the Tennessee Two. Cash worked up the courage to visit the Sun Records studio, hoping to get a recording contract. After auditioning for Sam Phillips, singing mostly gospel songs, Phillips told him that he didn't record gospel music any longer. It was once rumored that Phillips told Cash to "go home and sin, then come back with a song I can sell", although in a 2002 interview Cash denied that Phillips made any such comment.[39] Cash eventually won over the producer with new songs delivered in his early rockabilly style. In 1955, Cash made his first recordings at Sun, "Hey Porter" and "Cry! Cry! Cry!", which were released in late June and met with success on the country hit parade.
On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley dropped in on Phillips while Carl Perkins was in the studio cutting new tracks, with Jerry Lee Lewis backing him on piano. Cash was also in the studio and the four started an impromptu jam session. Phillips left the tapes running and the recordings, almost half of which were gospel songs, survived and have since been released under the title Million Dollar Quartet. In Cash: the Autobiography, Cash wrote that he was the one farthest from the microphone and was singing in a higher pitch to blend in with Elvis.
Cash's next record, "Folsom Prison Blues", made the country Top 5, and "I Walk the Line" became No. 1 on the country charts and entered the pop charts Top 20. "Home of the Blues" followed, recorded in July 1957. That same year Cash became the first Sun artist to release a long-playing album. Although he was Sun's most consistently selling and prolific artist at that time, Cash felt constrained by his contract with the small label partly due to the fact that Phillips wasn't keen on Johnny recording gospel, and he was getting only a 3% royalty as opposed to the standard rate of 5%. Presley had already left Sun, and Phillips was focusing most of his attention and promotion on Lewis. The following year, Cash left the label to sign a lucrative offer with Columbia Records, where his single "Don't Take Your Guns to Town" became one of his biggest hits and his second album for Columbia was a collection of gospel songs. However, Cash left behind a sufficient backlog of recordings with Sun that Phillips continued to release new singles and even albums featuring previously unreleased material until as late as 1964, placing Cash in the unusual position of having new releases out on two labels concurrently, with one 1960 release, a cover of "Oh Lonesome Me" making as high as No. 13 on the C&W charts. (As opposed to when RCA Victor signed Presley and also bought his Sun Records masters, when Cash departed for Columbia, Phillips retained the rights to Cash's Sun masters; Columbia eventually licensed some of these recordings for release on compilations after Cash's death.)




The Tennessee Three with Cash in 1963.


Early in his career, he was given the teasing nickname The Undertaker by fellow artists because of his habit of wearing black clothes – though he did so only because they were easier to keep looking clean on long tours.[40]
In the early 1960s, Cash toured with the Carter Family, which by this time regularly included Mother Maybelle's daughters, Anita, June, and Helen. June later recalled admiring him from afar during these tours. In the 1960s, he appeared on Pete Seeger's short-lived television series Rainbow Quest.[41] He also acted in and wrote and sang the opening theme for a 1961 film entitled Five Minutes to Live, later re-released as Door-to-door Maniac.
Cash's career was handled by Saul Holiff, a London, Ontario, promoter, and this relationship was the subject of Saul's son's biopic My Father and the Man in Black.[42]
Outlaw image[edit]
As his career was taking off in the late 1950s, Cash started drinking heavily and became addicted to amphetamines and barbiturates. For a brief time, he shared an apartment in Nashville with Waylon Jennings, who was heavily addicted to amphetamines. Cash used the uppers to stay awake during tours. Friends joked about his "nervousness" and erratic behavior, many ignoring the warning signs of his worsening drug addiction.
Although he was in many ways spiraling out of control, Cash's frenetic creativity was still delivering hits. His rendition of "Ring of Fire" was a crossover hit, reaching No. 1 on the country charts and entering the Top 20 on the pop charts. It was originally performed by June's sister, but the signature mariachi-style horn arrangement was provided by Cash,[43] who said that it had come to him in a dream. Vivian Liberto claimed a different version of the origins of "Ring of Fire." In her book, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, Liberto states that Cash gave Carter the credit for monetary reasons.[44]
In June 1965, his camper caught fire during a fishing trip with his nephew Damon Fielder in Los Padres National Forest in California, triggering a forest fire that burnt several hundred acres and nearly killed Cash.[45][46] Cash claimed that the fire was caused by sparks from a defective exhaust system on his camper, but Fielder thinks that Cash started a fire to stay warm and in his drugged condition failed to notice the fire getting out of control.[47][page needed] When the judge asked Cash why he did it, Cash said, "I didn't do it, my truck did, and it's dead, so you can't question it."[26][page needed] The fire destroyed 508 acres (206 ha), burning the foliage off three mountains and driving off forty-nine of the refuge's 53 endangered condors.[48] Cash was unrepentant and claimed, "I don't care about your damn yellow buzzards." The federal government sued him and was awarded $125,172. Cash eventually settled the case and paid $82,001.[49] He said he was the only person ever sued by the government for starting a forest fire.[26][page needed]
Although Cash carefully cultivated a romantic outlaw image, he never served a prison sentence. Despite landing in jail seven times for misdemeanors, each stay lasted only a single night. His most infamous run-in with the law occurred while on tour in 1965, when he was arrested October 4 by a narcotics squad in El Paso, Texas. The officers suspected he was smuggling heroin from Mexico, but found instead 688 Dexedrine capsules (amphetamines) and 475 Equanil (sedatives or tranquilizers) tablets that the singer had hidden inside his guitar case. Because the pills were prescription drugs rather than illegal narcotics, he received a suspended sentence.




Johnny Cash and his second wife, June Carter


Cash had also been arrested on May 11, 1965, in Starkville, Mississippi, for trespassing late at night onto private property to pick flowers. (This incident gave the spark for the song "Starkville City Jail", which he discussed on his live At San Quentin album.)[50] In the mid-1960s, Cash released a number of concept albums, including Sings the Ballads of the True West (1965), an experimental double record mixing authentic frontier songs with Cash's spoken narration, and Bitter Tears (1964), with songs highlighting the plight of the Native Americans. His drug addiction was at its worst at this point, and his destructive behavior led to a divorce from his first wife and canceled performances. Nonetheless, he continued to find success and in 1967, Cash's duet with June Carter, "Jackson," won a Grammy Award.[51]
Cash's final arrest was in 1967 in Walker County, Georgia, after being involved in a car accident while carrying a bag of prescription pills. Cash attempted to bribe a local deputy, who turned the money down; Cash then spent the night in a LaFayette, Georgia, jail. The singer was released after a long talk with Sheriff Ralph Jones, who warned him of his dangerous behavior and wasted potential. Cash credited that experience for saving his life, and he later came back to LaFayette to play a benefit concert that attracted 12,000 people (the city population was less than 9,000 at the time) and raised $75,000 for the high school.[52] Reflecting on his past in a 1997 interview, Cash noted: "I was taking the pills for awhile, and then the pills started taking me."[53]
Cash curtailed his use of drugs for several years in 1968, after a spiritual epiphany in the Nickajack Cave, when he attempted to commit suicide while under the heavy influence of drugs. He descended deeper into the cave, trying to lose himself and "just die," when he passed out on the floor. He reported being exhausted and feeling at the end of his rope when he felt God's presence in his heart and managed to struggle out of the cave (despite the exhaustion) by following a faint light and slight breeze. To him, it was his own rebirth. June, Maybelle, and Ezra Carter moved into Cash's mansion for a month to help him conquer his addiction. Cash proposed onstage to June at a concert at the London Gardens in London, Ontario, Canada, on February 22, 1968; the couple married a week later (on March 1) in Franklin, Kentucky. She had agreed to marry Cash after he had "cleaned up."[54]
He rediscovered his Christian faith, taking an "altar call" in Evangel Temple, a small church in the Nashville area, pastored by Reverend Jimmie Rodgers Snow, son of country music legend Hank Snow. According to longtime friend Marshall Grant, Cash's 1968 rebirth experience did not result in his completely stopping use of amphetamines. However, beginning in 1970, Cash ended all drug use for a period of seven years. Grant claims that the birth of Cash's son, John Carter Cash inspired Cash to end his dependence. Cash began using amphetamines again in 1977. By 1983, he was once again addicted and entered the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, California for rehabilitation. Cash managed to stay off drugs for several years, but by 1989, he was dependent again and entered Nashville's Cumberland Heights Alcohol and Drug Treatment Center. In 1992, he entered the Loma Linda Behavioral Medicine Center in Loma Linda, California, for his final rehabilitation (several months later, his son followed him into this facility for treatment).[55][56][57]
Folsom and other prison concerts[edit]
Cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s. He played his first famous prison concert on January 1, 1958, at San Quentin State Prison.[58] These performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums, Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison (1968) and Johnny Cash at San Quentin (1969). Both live albums reached number 1 on Billboard country album music and the latter crossed over to reach the top of the Billboard pop album chart. In 1969 Cash became an international hit when he eclipsed even the Beatles by selling 6.5 million albums.[59] In comparison, the prison concerts were much more successful than his later live albums such as Strawberry Cake recorded in London and Live at Madison Square Garden, which peaked at #33 and #39 on the album charts respectively.
The Folsom Prison record was introduced by a rendition of his "Folsom Prison Blues," while the San Quentin record included the crossover hit single "A Boy Named Sue," a Shel Silverstein-penned novelty song that reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 2 on the U.S. Top Ten pop charts. The AM versions of the latter contained profanities which were edited out. The modern CD versions are unedited and thus also longer than the original vinyl albums, though they retain the audience reaction overdubs of the originals.
Cash performed at the Österåker Prison in Sweden in 1972. The live album På Österåker ("At Österåker") was released in 1973. "San Quentin" was recorded with Cash replacing "San Quentin" with "Österåker". In 1976, a further prison concert, this time at Tennessee Prison, was videotaped for TV broadcast and received a belated CD release after Cash's death as A Concert Behind Prison Walls.
Activism for Native Americans[edit]
In 1965, Cash and June Carter appeared on Pete Seeger's TV show, Rainbow Quest, on which Cash explained his start as an activist for Native Americans:

In '57, I wrote a song called 'Old Apache Squaw' and then forgot the so-called Indian protest for a while, but nobody else seemed to speak up with any volume of voice.[60]

Columbia, the label for which Cash was recording then, was opposed to putting the song on his next album, considering it "too radical for the public".[61] Cash singing songs of Indian tragedy and settler violence went radically against the mainstream of country music in the 1950s, which was dominated by the image of the righteous cowboy who simply makes the native's soil his own.[62]
In 1964, coming off the chart success that his previous album "I Walk The Line" had been, he recorded the aforementioned album Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian.
The album featured stories of a multitude of native peoples, mostly of their violent oppression by white settlers: The Pima ("The Ballad of Ira Hayes"), Navajo ("Navajo"), Apache ("Apache Tears"), Lakota ("Big Foot"), Seneca ("As Long as the Grass Shall Grow"), and Cherokee ("Talking Leaves"). Cash wrote three of the songs himself and one with the help of Johnny Horton, but the majority of the protest songs were written by folk artist Peter La Farge[63] (son of activist and Pulitzer prizewinner Oliver La Farge), whom Cash met in New York in the 1960s and whom he admired for his activism.[64] The album's single, "The Ballad of Ira Hayes," was neglected by non-political radio at the time, and the record label denied it any promotion due to its provocative protesting and thus "unappealing" nature.[65] Cash faced resistance and was even urged by an editor of a country music magazine to leave the Country Music Association: "You and your crowd are just too intelligent to associate with plain country folks, country artists, and country DJs."[66]
In reaction, on August 22, 1964, the singer posted a letter as an advertisement in Billboard Magazine, calling the record industry cowardly. "D.J.s – station managers – owners ... where are your guts?" he demands. "I had to fight back when I realized that so many stations are afraid of Ira Hayes. Just one question: WHY???" He concludes the letter, "Ira Hayes is strong medicine ... So is Rochester, Harlem, Birmingham and Vietnam." [67] Cash kept promoting the song himself and used his influence on radio disc jockeys he knew eventually to make the song climb to number three on the country charts, while the album rose to number two on the album charts.[66]




Cash in 1969


Later, on The Johnny Cash Show, he continued telling stories of Native-American plight, both in song and through short films, such as the history of the Trail of Tears.[68]
In 1966, in response to his activism, the singer was adopted by the Seneca Nation's Turtle Clan. He performed benefits in 1968 at the Rosebud Reservation, close to the historical landmark of the massacre at Wounded Knee, to raise money to help build a school. He also played at the D-Q University in the 1980s.[69]
In 1970, Cash recording a reading of John G. Burnett's 1890 80th birthday essay [70] on Cherokee removal for the Historical Landmarks Association (Nashville).[71]
"The Man in Black"[edit]




Cash advocated prison reform at his July 1972 meeting with United States President Richard Nixon


From 1969 to 1971, Cash starred in his own television show, The Johnny Cash Show, on the ABC network. The Statler Brothers opened up for him in every episode; the Carter Family and rockabilly legend Carl Perkins were also part of the regular show entourage. Cash also enjoyed booking mainstream performers as guests; including Neil Young, Louis Armstrong, Neil Diamond, Kenny Rogers and The First Edition (who appeared four times), James Taylor, Ray Charles, Roger Miller, Roy Orbison, Derek and the Dominos, and Bob Dylan. During the same period, he contributed the title song and other songs to the film Little Fauss and Big Halsey, which starred Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, and Lauren Hutton. The title song, "The Ballad of Little Fauss and Big Halsey," written by Carl Perkins, was nominated for a Golden Globe award.[72]
Cash had met with Dylan in the mid-1960s and became closer friends when they were neighbors in the late 1960s in Woodstock, New York. Cash was enthusiastic about reintroducing the reclusive Dylan to his audience. Cash sang a duet with Dylan on Dylan's country album Nashville Skyline and also wrote the album's Grammy-winning liner notes.
Another artist who received a major career boost from The Johnny Cash Show was Kris Kristofferson, who was beginning to make a name for himself as a singer-songwriter. During a live performance of Kristofferson's "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down," Cash refused to change the lyrics to suit network executives, singing the song with its references to marijuana intact:


On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishin', Lord, that I was stoned.[73]


By the early 1970s, he had crystallized his public image as "The Man in Black." He regularly performed dressed all in black, wearing a long black knee-length coat. This outfit stood in contrast to the costumes worn by most of the major country acts in his day: rhinestone suits and cowboy boots. In 1971, Cash wrote the song "Man in Black," to help explain his dress code:


We're doing mighty fine I do suppose
In our streak of lightning cars and fancy clothes
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back
Up front there ought to be a man in black.






Cash performing in Bremen, West Germany, in September 1972


He wore 'black' on behalf of the poor and hungry, on behalf of "the prisoner who has long paid for his crime," and on behalf of those who have been betrayed by age or drugs.[74] "And," Cash added, "with the Vietnam War as painful in my mind as it was in most other Americans, I wore it 'in mournin' for the lives that could have been' ... Apart from the Vietnam War being over, I don't see much reason to change my position ... The old are still neglected, the poor are still poor, the young are still dying before their time, and we're not making many moves to make things right. There's still plenty of darkness to carry off."[74]




Cash in the "one piece at a time" Cadillac


He and his band had initially worn black shirts because that was the only matching color they had among their various outfits. He wore other colors on stage early in his career, but he claimed to like wearing black both on and off stage. He stated that political reasons aside, he simply liked black as his on-stage color.[26][page needed] The outdated US Navy's winter blue uniform used to be referred to by sailors as "Johnny Cashes," as the uniform's shirt, tie, and trousers are solid black.[75]
In the mid-1970s, Cash's popularity and number of hit songs began to decline. He made commercials for Amoco and STP, an unpopular enterprise at the time of the 1970s energy crisis. In 1976 he made commercials for Lionel Trains, for which he also wrote the music.[76] However, his first autobiography, Man in Black, was published in 1975 and sold 1.3 million copies. A second, Cash: The Autobiography, appeared in 1997.
His friendship with Billy Graham [77] led to the production of a film about the life of Jesus, The Gospel Road, which Cash co-wrote and narrated. Cash and June Carter Cash appeared several times on the Billy Graham Crusade TV specials, and Cash continued to include gospel and religious songs on many of his albums, though Columbia declined to release A Believer Sings the Truth, a gospel double-LP Cash recorded in 1979 and which ended up being released on an independent label even with Cash still under contract to Columbia. On November 22, 1974, CBS ran his one-hour TV special entitled "Riding The Rails", a musical history of trains.
He continued to appear on television, hosting Christmas specials on CBS in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Later television appearances included a starring role in an episode of Columbo, entitled "Swan Song". He and June appeared in an episode of Little House on the Prairie, entitled "The Collection". He gave a performance as John Brown in the 1985 American Civil War television mini-series North and South. Johnny and June also appeared in Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman in recurring roles.[72]
He was friendly with every US President starting with Richard Nixon. He was closest to Jimmy Carter, with whom he became close friends and who was a distant cousin of his wife, June Carter Cash.[26]
When invited to perform at the White House for the first time in 1970,[78] Richard Nixon's office requested that he play "Okie from Muskogee" (a satirical Merle Haggard song about people who despised youthful drug users and war protesters), "Welfare Cadillac" (a Guy Drake song which denies the integrity of welfare recipients), and "A Boy Named Sue." Cash declined to play the first two and instead selected other songs, including "The Ballad of Ira Hayes" (about a brave Native American World War II veteran who was mistreated upon his return to Arizona), and his own compositions, "What Is Truth" and "Man in Black". Cash wrote that the reasons for denying Nixon's song choices were not knowing them and having fairly short notice to rehearse them, rather than any political reason.[26][page needed] However, Cash added, even if Nixon's office had given Cash enough time to learn and rehearse the songs, their choice of pieces that conveyed "anti-hippie and anti-black" sentiments might have backfired.[79] In his remarks when introducing Cash, Nixon joked that one thing he'd learned about the singer was one didn't tell him what to sing.[80]
. Johnny Cash was the Grand Marshal of the United States Bicentennial parade.[81]. He wore a shirt from Nudie Cohn which sold for $25,000 in auction in 2010. [82] After the parade he gave a concert at the Washington monument. [83]
Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records[edit]




The Highwaymen members Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson


In 1980, Cash became the Country Music Hall of Fame's youngest living inductee at age 48. But during the 1980s, his records failed to make a major impact on the country charts, although he continued to tour successfully. In the mid-1980s, he recorded and toured with Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson as The Highwaymen, making three hit albums which were released beginning with the originally titled "Highwaymen" in 1985, followed by "Highwaymen 2" in 1990, and concluding with "Highwaymen – The Road Goes on forever" in 1995.
During that period, Cash appeared in a number of television films. In 1981, he starred in The Pride of Jesse Hallam, winning fine reviews for a film that called attention to adult illiteracy. In the same year, Cash appeared as a "very special guest star" in an episode of the Muppet Show. In 1983, he appeared as a heroic sheriff in Murder in Coweta County, based on a real-life Georgia murder case, which co-starred Andy Griffith as his nemesis and featured June Carter in a small but important role. Cash had tried for years to make the film, for which he won acclaim.[72]
Cash relapsed into addiction after being administered painkillers for a serious abdominal injury in 1983 caused by an unusual incident in which he was kicked and wounded by an ostrich he kept on his farm.[84]
At a hospital visit in 1988, this time to watch over Waylon Jennings (who was recovering from a heart attack), Jennings suggested that Cash has himself checked into the hospital for his own heart condition. Doctors recommended preventive heart surgery, and Cash underwent double bypass surgery in the same hospital. Both recovered, although Cash refused to use any prescription painkillers, fearing a relapse into dependency. Cash later claimed that during his operation, he had what is called a "near death experience".
Cash's recording career and his general relationship with the Nashville establishment were at an all-time low in the 1980s. He realized that his record label of nearly 30 years, Columbia, was growing indifferent to him and was not properly marketing him (he was "invisible" during that time, as he said in his autobiography).
 In 1984, Cash released a self-parody recording titled "Chicken in Black," about Cash's brain being transplanted into a chicken and Cash receiving a bank robber's brain in return. Biographer Robert Hilburn, in the 2013-published Johnny Cash: The Life disputes the claim made that Cash chose to record an intentionally poor song in protest of Columbia's treatment of him. On the contrary, Hilburn writes, it was Columbia that presented Cash with the song, which Cash – who had previously scored major chart hits with comedic material such as "A Boy Named Sue" and "One Piece at a Time" – accepted enthusiastically, performing the song live on stage and filming a comedic music video in which he dresses up in a superhero-like bank robber costume. According to Hilburn, Cash's enthusiasm for the song waned after Waylon Jennings told Cash he looked "like a buffoon" in the music video (which was showcased during Cash's 1984 Christmas TV special), and Cash subsequently demanded that Columbia withdraw the music video from broadcast and recall the single from stores—interrupting its bona fide chart success—and termed the venture "a fiasco."[85]
Between 1981 and 1984, he recorded several sessions with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill (who also produced "Chicken in Black") which were shelved; they would be released by Columbia's sister label, Legacy Recordings, in 2014 as Out Among the Stars.[86] Around this time, Cash also recorded an album of gospel recordings that ended up being released by another label around the time of his departure from Columbia (this due to Columbia closing down its Priority Records division that was to have released the recordings).
After more unsuccessful recordings were released in 1984–85, Cash left Columbia (At least as a solo artist; he continued to record for Columbia on non-solo projects until as late as 1990, recording a duets album with Waylon Jennings and two albums as a member of The Highwaymen.)
In 1986, Cash returned to Sun Studios in Memphis to team up with Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins to create the album Class of '55; according to Hilburn, Columbia still had Cash under contract at the time, so special arrangements had to be made to allow him to participate.[87] Also in 1986, Cash published his only novel, Man in White, a book about Saul and his conversion to become the Apostle Paul. He recorded Johnny Cash Reads The Complete New Testament in 1990.
American Recordings[edit]




Johnny Cash sings a duet with a Navy lieutenant c. 1987


After Columbia Records dropped Cash from his recording contract, he had a short and unsuccessful stint with Mercury Records from 1987 to 1991. During this time, he recorded an album of new versions of some of his best-known Sun and Columbia hits, as well as Water from the Wells of Home, a duets album that paired him with, among others, his children Rosanne Cash and John Carter Cash, as well as Paul McCartney. A one-off Christmas album recorded for Delta Records followed his Mercury contract.
His career was rejuvenated in the 1990s, leading to popularity with an audience which was not traditionally considered interested in country music. In 1991, he sang a version of "Man in Black" for the Christian punk band One Bad Pig's album I Scream Sunday. In 1993, he sang "The Wanderer" on U2's album Zooropa which was the closing track. According to Rolling Stone writer, Adam Gold,"The Wanderer" – written for Cash by Bono, "defies both the U2 and Cash canons, combining rhythmic and textural elements of Nineties synth-pop with a Countrypolitan lament fit for the closing credits of a Seventies western." [88].
Although no longer sought after by major labels, he was offered a contract with producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings label, which had recently been rebranded from Def American, under which name it was better known for rap and hard rock. Under Rubin's supervision, he recorded American Recordings (1994) in his living room, accompanied only by his Martin Dreadnought guitar – one of many Cash played throughout his career.[89] The album featured covers of contemporary artists selected by Rubin including "Down There by the Train" by Tom Waits. The album had a great deal of critical and commercial success, winning a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Cash wrote that his reception at the 1994 Glastonbury Festival was one of the highlights of his career. This was the beginning of a decade of music industry accolades and commercial success. He teamed up with Brooks & Dunn to contribute "Folsom Prison Blues" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Country produced by the Red Hot Organization. On the same album, he performed the Bob Dylan favorite "Forever Young."
Cash and his wife appeared on a number of episodes of the television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. He also lent his voice for a cameo role in The Simpsons episode "El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)", as the "Space Coyote" that guides Homer Simpson on a spiritual quest.[72]
In 1996, Cash enlisted the accompaniment of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and released Unchained (also known as American Recordings II), which won the Best Country Album Grammy in 1998. The album was produced by Rick Rubin with Sylvia Massy engineering and mixing. A majority of "Unchained" was recorded at Sound City Studios and featured guest appearances by Lindsay Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, and Marty Stuart. Believing he did not explain enough of himself in his 1975 autobiography Man in Black, he wrote Cash: The Autobiography in 1997.
Last years[edit]




Cash's original grave (top) and the Cash/Carter memorial


In 1997, Cash was diagnosed with the neurodegenerative disease Shy–Drager syndrome, a form of multiple system atrophy; according to biographer Robert Hilburn, the disease was originally misdiagnosed as Parkinson's disease, and Cash even announced to a concert audience that he had Parkinson's during a show in Flint, Michigan, on October 25, 1997, after he nearly collapsed on stage; soon after his diagnosis was changed to Shy–Drager and Cash was told he had approximately 18 months to live.[90] The diagnosis was later again altered to autonomic neuropathy associated with diabetes. The illness forced Cash to curtail his touring. He was hospitalized in 1998 with severe pneumonia, which damaged his lungs.
During the last stage of his career, Cash released the albums American III: Solitary Man (2000) and American IV: The Man Comes Around (2002). American IV included cover songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.[91] Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails commented that he was initially skeptical about Cash's plan to cover "Hurt", but was later impressed and moved by the rendition.[92] The video for "Hurt" received critical and popular acclaim.[93][94]
June Carter Cash died on May 15, 2003, at the age of 73.[95] June had told Cash to keep working, so he continued to record, completing 60 more songs in the last four months of his life, and even performed a couple of surprise shows at the Carter Family Fold outside Bristol, Virginia. At the July 5, 2003, concert (his last public performance), before singing "Ring of Fire", Cash read a statement about his late wife that he had written shortly before taking the stage:

The spirit of June Carter overshadows me tonight with the love she had for me and the love I have for her. We connect somewhere between here and Heaven. She came down for a short visit, I guess, from Heaven to visit with me tonight to give me courage and inspiration like she always has.

Cash continued to record until shortly before his death. His final recordings were made on August 21, 2003, and consisted of "Like the 309", which appeared on American V: A Hundred Highways in 2006, and the final song he completed, "Engine 143", which was recorded for his son John Carter Cash for a planned Carter Family tribute album.[96]
Death[edit]
While hospitalized at Baptist Hospital in Nashville, Cash died of complications from diabetes at approximately 2:00 a.m. CT on September 12, 2003, aged 71—less than four months after his wife. It was suggested that Johnny's health worsened due to a broken heart over June's death.[97][98] He was buried next to his wife in Hendersonville Memory Gardens near his home in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
In June 2005, Cash's lakeside home on Caudill Drive in Hendersonville was put up for sale by his estate. In January 2006, the house was sold to Bee Gees vocalist Barry Gibb and wife Linda, and titled to their Florida limited liability company for $2.3 million. The listing agent was Cash's younger brother, Tommy. On April 10, 2007, during a major restoration of the property by the new owner, Cash's home was accidentally destroyed in a spontaneous combustion-ignited fire caused by workers using linseed oil products.[99]
One of Cash's final collaborations with producer Rick Rubin, American V: A Hundred Highways, was released posthumously on July 4, 2006. The album debuted in the No.1 position on the Billboard Top 200 album chart for the week ending July 22, 2006. On February 23, 2010, three days before what would have been Cash's 78th birthday, the Cash Family, Rick Rubin, and Lost Highway Records released his second posthumous record, titled American VI: Ain't No Grave.
Religious beliefs[edit]
Cash was raised by his parents in the Southern Baptist denomination of Christianity. He was baptized in 1944 in the Tyronza River as a member of the Central Baptist Church of Dyess, Arkansas.[100]
A troubled but devout Christian,[101][102][page needed] Cash has been characterized as a "lens through which to view American contradictions and challenges."[d][104][105] A biblical scholar,[2][106][107] he penned a Christian novel, Man in White, and in the introduction Cash writes about a reporter who, interested in Cash's religious beliefs, questions whether the book is written from a Baptist, Catholic, or Jewish perspective. Cash denies an answer to the book's view and his own, and replies, "I'm a Christian. Don't put me in another box."[108][page needed][109]
In the mid-seventies, Cash and his wife, June, completed a course of study in the Bible through Christian International Bible College.[56] Cash often performed at Billy Graham Crusades. At a Tallahassee Crusade in 1986, June and Johnny sang his song, "One of These Days I'm Gonna Sit Down And Talk To Paul." [110]At a notable performance in Arkansas in 1989 Johnny Cash spoke to attendees of his commitment to the salvation of drug dealers and alcoholics. He then sang, "Family Bible." [111]
He made a spoken word recording of the entire New King James Version of the New Testament.[112][113] Cash declared he was "the biggest sinner of them all", and viewed himself overall as a complicated and contradictory man.[114][e] Accordingly,[f] Cash is said to have "contained multitudes," and has been deemed "the philosopher-prince of American country music."[119][120]
Cash is credited with having converted actor and singer John Schneider to Christianity.[121]
Legacy[edit]




The clothes and guitar of Johnny Cash on exhibit in the Artist Gallery of the Musical Instrument Museum of Phoenix


Cash's daughter Rosanne (by first wife Vivian Liberto) and his son John Carter Cash (by June Carter Cash) are notable musicians in their own right.
Cash nurtured and defended artists (such as Bob Dylan[43]) on the fringes of what was acceptable in country music even while serving as the country music establishment's most visible symbol. At an all-star concert which aired in 1999 on TNT, a diverse group of artists paid him tribute, including Dylan, Chris Isaak, Wyclef Jean, Norah Jones, Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, Dom DeLuise, and U2. Cash himself appeared at the end and performed for the first time in more than a year. Two tribute albums were released shortly before his death; Kindred Spirits contains works from established artists, while Dressed in Black contains works from many lesser-known musicians. In total, he wrote over 1,000 songs and released dozens of albums. A box set titled Unearthed was issued posthumously. It included four CDs of unreleased material recorded with Rubin as well as a Best of Cash on American retrospective CD. The set also includes a 104-page book that discusses each track and features one of Cash's final interviews.[122]
In recognition of his lifelong support of SOS Children's Villages, his family invited friends and fans to donate to the Johnny Cash Memorial Fund in his memory. He had a personal link with the SOS village in Diessen, at the Ammersee Lake in Southern Germany, near where he was stationed as a GI, and with the SOS village in Barrett Town, by Montego Bay, near his holiday home in Jamaica.[123][124]
In 1999, Cash received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Cash No. 31 on their "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list[125][126] and No. 21 on their "100 Greatest Singers" list in 2010.[127] In 2012 Rolling Stone ranked Cash's 1968 live album At Folsom Prison and 1994 studio album American Recordings at No. 88[128] and No. 366[129] in its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The main street in Hendersonville, Tennessee, Highway 31E, is known as "Johnny Cash Parkway."[citation needed]
The Johnny Cash Museum, located in one of Cash's properties in Hendersonville until 2006, dubbed the House of Cash, was sold based on Cash's will. Prior to this, having been closed for a number of years, the museum had been featured in Cash's music video for "Hurt." The house subsequently burned down during the renovation by the new owner. A new museum, founded by Shannon and Bill Miller, opened April 26, 2013, in downtown Nashville.[130]
On November 2–4, 2007, the Johnny Cash Flower Pickin' Festival was held in Starkville, Mississippi, where Cash had been arrested more than 40 years earlier and held overnight at the city jail on May 11, 1965. The incident inspired Cash to write the song "Starkville City Jail". The festival, where he was offered a symbolic posthumous pardon, honored Cash's life and music and was expected to become an annual event.[131]
JC Unit One, Johnny Cash's private tour bus from 1980 until 2003, was put on exhibit at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2007. The museum offers public tours of the bus on a seasonal basis (it is stored during the winter months and not exhibited during those times).[132]
A limited-edition Forever stamp honoring Cash went on sale June 5, 2013. The stamp features a promotional picture of Cash taken around the 1963 release of "Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. The Undertaker used Cash's version of "Ain't No Grave" at WrestleMania XXVII as his entrance theme.[133]
On October 14, 2014, The City of Folsom unveiled Phase 1 of the Johnny Cash Trail to the public with a dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Roseanne Cash. Along the trail, eight larger-than-life public art pieces will tell the story of Johnny Cash, his connection to Folsom Prison, and his epic musical career. The Johnny Cash Trail features art selected by a committee that included Cindy Cash, a 2-acre (0.81 ha) Legacy Park, and over 3 miles (4.8 km) of multi-use Class-I bike trail. The artists responsible for the sculptures are Sacramento-based Romo Studios, LLC and the Fine Art Studio of Rotblatt Amrany, from Illinois.[134]
In 2015, a new species of black tarantula was identified near Folsom Prison and named Aphonopelma johnnycashi in his honor.
In 2016, the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team added the "Country Legends Race" to its between-innings entertainment. At the middle of the fifth inning, people in oversized foam caricature costumes depicting Cash, as well as George Jones and Reba McEntire, race around the warning track at First Tennessee Park from center field to the home plate side of the first base dugout.[135]
The Johnny Cash Heritage Festival will be held in Dyess, Arkansas on October 19-21, 2017 [136]. It will build on the music festival held for four years on the Arkansas State University campus in Jonesboro. The festival honors Johnny Cash and explores the New Deal programs that shaped his childhood in Dyess, Arkansas. The Festival includes a concert in the field adjacent to the Cash Home and Arkansas roots music in the Colony Circle.

Portrayals[edit]
Country singer Mark Collie portrayed Cash in John Lloyd Miller's award-winning 1999 short film I Still Miss Someone.[72]
In November 2005, Walk the Line, a biographical film about Cash's life, was released in the United States to considerable commercial success and critical acclaim. The film featured Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny (for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor) and Reese Witherspoon as June (for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress). Phoenix and Witherspoon also won the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy and Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy, respectively. They both performed their own vocals in the film (with their version of "Jackson" being released as a single), and Phoenix learned to play guitar for the role. Phoenix received a Grammy Award for his contributions to the soundtrack. John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny and June, served as an executive producer.[72]
On March 12, 2006, Ring of Fire, a jukebox musical of the Cash oeuvre, debuted on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theater but closed due to harsh reviews and disappointing sales on April 30. Million Dollar Quartet, a musical portraying the early Sun recording sessions involving Cash, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins, debuted on Broadway on April 11, 2010. Actor Lance Guest portrayed Cash. The musical was nominated for three awards at the 2010 Tony Awards and won one.
Robert Hilburn, veteran Los Angeles Times pop music critic, the journalist who accompanied Cash in his 1968 Folsom prison tour, and interviewed Cash many times throughout his life including months before his death, published a 688-page biography with 16 pages of photographs in 2013.[137] The meticulously reported biography is said to have filled in the 80 percent of Cash's life that was unknown, including details about Cash's battles with addiction and infidelity.[138] The book reportedly does not hold back any details about the darker side of Johnny Cash and includes details about his affair with his pregnant wife June Carter's sister.[139]
Awards and honors[edit]
For detailed lists of music awards, see List of awards received by Johnny Cash.
Cash received multiple Country Music Association Awards, Grammys, and other awards, in categories ranging from vocal and spoken performances to album notes and videos. In a career that spanned almost five decades, during which he rose to recording industry icon status, Cash was the personification of country music to many people around the world. Cash was a musician who was not defined by a single genre. He recorded songs that could be considered rock and roll, blues, rockabilly, folk, and gospel, and exerted an influence on each of those genres.[citation needed]
His diversity was evidenced by his presence in five major music halls of fame: the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame (1977), the Country Music Hall of Fame (1980), the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (1992), GMA's Gospel Music Hall of Fame (2010) and the Memphis Music Hall of Fame (2013).[140][141] Cash was the only country music artist inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a "performer", unlike the other country members, who were inducted as "early influences".[citation needed]
His contributions to the genre have been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.[142] Cash received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1996 and stated that his induction into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980 was his greatest professional achievement. In 2001, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.[143] "Hurt" was nominated for six VMAs at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. The only VMA the video won was that for Best Cinematography. With the video, Johnny Cash became the oldest artist ever nominated for an MTV Video Music Award.[144] Justin Timberlake, who won Best Video that year for "Cry Me a River," said in his acceptance speech: "This is a travesty! I demand a recount. My grandfather raised me on Johnny Cash, and I think he deserves this more than any of us in here tonight."[145]
Discography[edit]
See Johnny Cash albums discography, Johnny Cash singles discography and Johnny Cash Sun Records discography.
Filmography[edit]

Film

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1961
Five Minutes to Live
Johnny Cabot
Also titled Door-To-Door Maniac


1967
The Road to Nashville
Himself



1971
A Gunfight
Abe Cross



1974
The Gospel Road
Narrator/Himself



1994
Gene Autry, Melody of the West
Narrator
Documentary film; voice acting role


2003
The Hunted
Narrator
Voice acting role


2014
The Winding Stream
Interview subject[146]
Documentary film; archive footage



Television

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1959
Shotgun Slade
Sheriff
Episode: "The Stalkers"


1959
Wagon Train
Frank Hoag
Episode: "The C.L. Harding Story


1960
The Rebel
Pratt
Episode: "The Death of Gray"


1961
The Deputy
Bo Braddock
Episode: "The Deathly Quiet"


1969–1971
The Johnny Cash Show
Himself – host and performer
58 episodes


1970
The Partridge Family
Variety Show Host
Episode: "What? Get Out of Show Business?"


1973–1992
Sesame Street
Himself
4 episodes


1974–1988
Hee Haw
Himself
4 episodes


1974
Columbo
Tommy Brown
Episode: "Swan Song"


1974
Johnny Cash Ridin' the Rails—The Great American Train Story
Himself



1976
Johnny Cash and Friends
Himself
4 episodes


1976
Little House on the Prairie
Caleb Hodgekiss
Episode: "The Collection"


1976–1985
Johnny Cash specials (various titles)
Himself
15 specials


1978
Thaddeus Rose and Eddie
Thaddeus Rose
Television film


1980
The Muppet Show
Himself
Episode: "#5.21"


1981
The Pride of Jesse Hallam
Jesse Hallam
Television film


1982
Saturday Night Live
Himself
Episode: "Johnny Cash/Elton John"


1983
Murder in Coweta County
Lamarr Potts
Television film; also producer


1984
The Baron and the Kid
The Baron
Will
Television film


1985
North and South
John Brown
6 episodes


1986
The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James
Frank James
Television film


1986
Stagecoach
Curly Wilcox
Television film


1988
The Magical World of Disney
Elder Davy Crockett
Episode: "Rainbow in the Thunder"


1993–1997
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman
Kid Cole
4 episodes


1996
Renegade
Henry Travis
Episode: "The Road Not Taken"


1997
The Simpsons
Space Coyote
Episode: "The Mysterious Voyage of Homer"; voice acting role


1998
All My Friends Are Cowboys
Himself
Television special


2014
Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music
Himself
BBC4 1969 Bio Documentary by Robert Elfstromg; archive footage


Published works[edit]

Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words, Zondervan, 1975; ISBN 99924-31-58-X
Man in White, a novel about the Apostle Paul, HarperCollins, 1986; ISBN 0-06-250132-1
Cash: The Autobiography, with Patrick Carr, HarperCollins, 1997; ISBN 978-0-06-101357-7[147]
Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament, Thomas Nelson, 2011; ISBN 978-1-4185-4883-4[148]
Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara, 2014; ISBN 978-0-930677-03-9[149]
The Man Who Carried Cash: Saul Holiff, Johnny Cash, and the Making of an American Icon by Julie Chadwick, Dundurn Press, 2017; ISBN 978-1-459737-23-5

Notes[edit]



^ Although Cash's voice type endured over the years, his timbre changed noticeably: "Through a recording career that stretche[d] back to 1955", Pareles writes, Cash's "bass-baritone voice [went] from gravelly to grave".[5]
^ For Cash, black stage attire was a "symbol of rebellion—against a stagnant status quo, against ... hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas".[11]
^ Schultz refers to this phrase as Cash's "trademark greeting," and places his utterance of this line, on Cash's At Folsom Prison album, "among the most electrifying [seconds] in the history of concert recording."[12]
^ Other appraisals of Cash's iconic value have been even bolder.[103]
^ Urbanski[115] notes that Cash's habit of performing in black attire began in a church. In the following paragraph, he[116] quotes Cash[117] as indicating that this habit was partially reflective of Cash's rebellion "against our hypocritical houses of God".
^ According to Urbanski, Cash's self-perception was accurate: "He never intended to be categorized or pigeonholed", and indeed he amassed a "cluster of enigmas" which "was so impenetrably deep that even those closest to him never got to see every part of him".[118]



References[edit]


^ Johnny Cash—Guitars and Equipment, Über Pro Audio, 2009, retrieved May 15, 2009 
^ a b Johnny Cash & June Carter, Last.fm, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Holden, Stephen (September 13, 2003), "Johnny Cash, Country Music Bedrock, Dies at 71", The New York Times, retrieved February 25, 2013 
^ Jones, Rebecca (January 14, 2014). "More Johnny Cash material will be released says son". BBC News. Retrieved February 13, 2016. 
^ a b c Pareles 1994.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. xiv.
^ Dickie, M. (2002) [1987], "Hard talk from the God-fearin', pro-metal man in Black", in Streissguth, M., Ring of fire: The Johnny Cash reader, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo, pp. 201–205 
^ a b c d Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 196 
^ Fox, JA (October 17, 2005), "Hard time's never a 'circus'", The Boston Herald, Baylor University, archived from the original on September 20, 2006, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Streissguth 2005.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Schultz, B. (July 1, 2000), "Classic Tracks: Johnny Cash's 'Folsom Prison Blues'", Mix, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Mulligan, J. (February 24, 2010), Johnny Cash: American VI: Ain't No Grave (album review), entertainment.ie, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ For discussion of, and lyrics to, Cash's songs, see Cusic, D., ed. (2004), Johnny Cash: The songs, New York, NY: Thunder's Mouth 
^ Miller 2003, p. 341.
^ Ellis, A. (2004, 01). The man in black: Johnny cash, 1932–2003. Guitar Player, 38, 31–32, 34.
^ "Johnny Cash's Funeral", Johnny and June Carter Cash Memorial, Buddy Case, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ "Reba Cash Hancock", Harpeth Family Funeral Services, Harpeth hills, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ Millar, Anna (June 4, 2006), "Celtic connection as Cash walks the line in Fife", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ Cash, Roseanne (2010). A memoir. Viking Press. ISBN 978-1-101-45769-6. 
^ Manzoor, Sarfraz (February 7, 2010), Scottish roots of Johnny Cash, the man in black tartan, London, UK: The Guardian, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ a b Miller 2003, p. 11.
^ Dalton, Stephanie (January 15, 2006), "Walking the line back in time", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman.com, archived from the original on October 21, 2007, retrieved June 28, 2007 
^ Cash & Carr 1997, p. 3.
^ Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 6 
^ a b c d e f g Cash & Carr 1997.
^ Jack D. Cash, Find-a-Grave 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 31). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Gross 2006.
^ Abbott, William. "Johnny Cash – February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003". Southernmusic.net. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ Johnny Cash: The Biography (pg. 42)
^ Malone, William; McCulloh, Judith (1975), Stars of Country Music, Chicago, IL 
^ Berkowitz, Kenny (June 2001). "No Regrets – Johnny Cash, the man in black, is back at the top of his game". AcousticGuitar.com (102). Archived from the original on August 12, 2008. Retrieved June 28, 2009. 
^ Johnny Cash Things You Didn't Know About Johnny Cash at Taste of Country. Retrieved September 24, 2016
^ Johnny Cash at TV People Retrieved September 24
^ Turner 2004, pp. 43–44.
^ Sweeting, Adam (September 12, 2003), "Johnny Cash", The Guardian (Obituary), London, UK, retrieved January 26, 2009 
^ Puterbaugh, Parke. "Essential Johnny Cash." Rolling Stone October 16, 2003: 78. International Index to Music Periodicals Full Text [ProQuest]. Web. June 12, 2016.
^ The Man in Black's Musical Journey Continues, NPR, retrieved February 9, 2010 
^ "10 Things you didn't know about Johnny Cash". Retrieved August 29, 2014. 
^ "Rainbow Quest". Richardandmimi.com. February 26, 1966. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ "My Father and The Man in Black". Johnny-and-saul.com. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ a b Johnny Cash interviewed on the Pop Chronicles (1969)
^ Liberto, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, p. 294.
^ "Major brush fire." Los Angeles Times, June 28, 1965, p. 1.
^ "Control of Brush Fire Near; 700 Acres Burned." Los Angeles Times, June 29, 1965, p. 27.
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). Johnny Cash: The Life. Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 0-316-19475-1. 
^ Johnson, Brett (November 18, 2007), "Cash's first wife tells of romance, heartbreak", Ventura County Star. Retrieved July 9, 2013.
^ Williford, Stanley and Howard Hertel. "Singer Johnny Cash Pays $82,000 to U.S. in Fire Case", Los Angeles Times, July 3, 1969, p. A3.
^ Johnny Cash, At San Quentin, Columbia Records CS 9827, 1969
^ "Past Winners Search". The GRAMMYs. 
^ "12 000 at LaFayette show", Rome News Tribune, LaFayette, Georgia: Google News, p. 5A, August 14, 1970 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 34). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Zwonitzer, Mark (2002). Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone: The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-85763-4. 
^ Grant, Marshall (2005). I Was There When It Happened – My Life With Johnny Cash. Cumberland House. ISBN 1-58182-510-2. 
^ a b Cash, John Carter (2007). Anchored in Love. Thomas Nelson. ISBN 0-8499-0187-1.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "John_Carter_Cash" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Cash in Treatment", Orlando Sentinel, November 26, 1989 
^ "Inmate Merle Haggard hears Johnny Cash play San Quentin State Prison", history.com; accessed June 24, 2014.
^ Edwards, Leigh H. "Cash, Johnny." Grove Music Online. Oxford Music Online. Oxford University Press.
^ Cash, Johnny. "Johnny and June Carter Cash on Pete Seeger's Rainbow Quest". Youtube. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ Cash, J., & Carr, P. (1997). Cash: The autobiography (p. 408). San Francisco, CA: HarperSanFrancisco.
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (p. 597). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ "Johnny Cash – Bitter Tears – Ballads of the American Indian". www.discogs.com. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ (1965). Johnny Cash and June Carter [Television series episode]. In Rainbow Quest.Pete Seeger. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQq0dw7rmtc
^ Look Again To The Wind: Johnny Cash's Bitter Tears Revisited. (July 8, 2014). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.sony.com/SCA/company-news/press-releases/sony-music-masterworks/2014/look-again-to-the-wind-johnny-cashs-bitter-tears-r.shtml
^ a b The Bitter Tears of Johnny Cash. (November 8, 2009). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.salon.com/2009/11/09/johnny_cash_2/
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 598–599). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ (1970). [Television series episode]. In The Johnny Cash Show.Johnny Cash. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yz7xYzEEZo&list=LLwSdCgA8WpUDjjX6Il2AhXA&index=3
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 592). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ Burnett, John G. (December 11, 1890). "Birthday Story of Private John G. Burnett, Captain Abraham McClellan's Company, 2nd Regiment, 2nd Brigade, Mounted Infantry, Cherokee Indian Removal, 1838–39.". Creoliste. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian". The Bluegrass Special. August 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f Johnny Cash on IMDb
^ The Best of the Johnny Cash TV Show 1969–1971, Disc 1 (of 2), Reverse Angle Production, 2007 
^ a b Cash & Carr 1997, pp. 85–86.
^ "The good, bad and ugly of proposed uniforms", Navy Times, October 4, 2004 
^ Turner Publishing (2004). Lionel Trains: A Pictorial History of Trains and Their Collectors. Turner Publishing Company. p. 19. ISBN 1-56311-958-7. 
^ Allmond, Joy. September 13, 2015. Johnny Cash's Faith and Friendship with Billy Graham. Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. https://billygraham.org/story/johnny-cashs-faith-and-friendship-with-billy-graham/
^ Nixon Welcomes 'The Man in Black' to the White House, Nixon Foundation, April 17, 2011, archived from the original on August 22, 2011 
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 212.
^ Richard Nixon, April 17, 1970, released on Johnny Cash, Bootleg Vol. III: Live Around the World (Columbia/Legacy 88697 93033 2), released 2011
^ Halloran, R. July 4, 1976. "500,000 View Capital's Bicentennial Parade" New York Times.
^ Lot 756 of 982: JOHNNY CASH BICENTENNIAL SHIRT http://www.julienslive.com/view-auctions/catalog/id/15/lot/3115/JOHNNY-CASH-BICENTENNIAL-SHIRT
^ Willett, E. (2011).Johnny Cash: "The Man in Black", p.90. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow.
^ Johnny Cash: The Rebel, Canada: Exclaim.ca, p. 3 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 500–502
^ Lewis, Randy (December 10, 2013). "'Lost' Early-'80s Johnny Cash Album Slated for March 25 Release". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ Hilburn, p. 506
^ Adam Gold, "How U2 Fell in Love With Nashville and Influenced Today's Country Music," Rolling Stone July 13, 2017 http://www.rollingstone.com/country/features/inside-u2s-love-affair-with-nashville-country-music-w491992
^ The Guitars of Johnny Cash, Fretbase.com, August 2008, archived from the original on October 1, 2008 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 568–570
^ Carr, Eric (November 7, 2002). "Johnny Cash, American IV: The Man Comes Around". Pitchfork. Retrieved May 12, 2017. 
^ "Geoff Rickly interviews Trent Reznor". Alternative Press. 2004-06-26. Retrieved 2016-06-21. 
^ Levy, Glen (July 28, 2011). "The 30 All-TIME Best Music Videos – Johnny Cash, Hurt". Time. Retrieved August 19, 2011. 
^ "100 Greatest Music Videos". NME. Retrieved 15 December 2012. 
^ "Country Star June Carter Cash, Wife of Johnny Cash, Dies at 73". 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. (New York: Little, Brown & Co., 2013), p. 624
^ "Death from a Broken Heart". Medicine net. November 24, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Johnny Cash Dead at Age 71". About. September 12, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Fire destroys Johnny Cash house". BBC.co.uk. April 11, 2007. Retrieved September 29, 2010. 
^ Johnny Cash, Man in Black, Zondervan, ISBN 978-99924-31-58-0 
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi.
^ Urbanski 2003.
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi: 'Very few figures in recent history are seen as more representative of American identity as Cash ... His has often been suggested as the face that should be added to the select pantheon on Mt. Rushmore'
^ Clapp 2008, p. xviii.
^ Miller 2003, p. 227.
^ Stoudt, C. (June 9, 2009), "Review: 'Ring of Fire' at La Mirada Theatre", The Los Angeles Times, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Johnny Cash: Amazing Grace, Public Radio Exchange, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Cash 2008.
^ "Johnny Cash obituary", News, BBC, September 12, 2003, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Billy Graham Crusade, 1986, Tallahassee, Florida, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlXGSi4rxf8
^ Billy Graham Crusade,1989, Little Rock, Arkansas, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5Sd_qcBSQ
^ Rivkin, D., ed. (2007), Johnny Cash reading the complete New Testament (audio recording) (deluxe ed.), Nashville, TN: Thomas Nelson 
^ Morris, E. (December 23, 2008), Johnny Cash's reading of the New Testament now on DVD, Country Music Television, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. xx–xxi.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. 39.
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. 39–40.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Urbanski, D. (2010), "Johnny Cash's complicated faith: Unwrapping the enigma of the Man in Black", Relevant Magazine, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Huss, J.; Werther, D., eds. (2008), Johnny Cash and philosophy: The burning ring of truth, Chicago, IL: Open Court 
^ Johnny Cash and philosophy, Open Court, 2007, archived from the original on March 28, 2010, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ "Taking the Lead – Today's Christian". Archived from the original on April 10, 2008. Retrieved 2015-04-28. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link)
^ "Cash's "Unearthed" box set". billboard. Billboard Magazine. October 22, 2003. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Celebrities as partners, SOS Children's Villages, archived from the original on May 18, 2008 
^ "Johnny Cash", Supporters, USA: SOS Children's Villages 
^ Kristofferson, Kris. "Johnny Cash, No. 31". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "The Immortals: The First Fifty". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "100 Greatest Singers of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ Rutz, Heather (June 7, 2013). "Lima native creative director at new Johnny Cash museum". The Lima News. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Mississippi town to honor the 'Man in Black'". MSN.com. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ Soeder, John (May 19, 2010). "Johnny Cash's tour bus returns to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash Stamp Release Celebrated By Family". Huffington Post. June 3, 2013. Retrieved June 3, 2013. 
^ "Folsom, CA – Johnny Cash Trail & Art Experience". www.folsom.ca.us. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Opening Night at First Tennessee Park". The Tennessean. April 7, 2016. Retrieved April 8, 2016. 
^ Johnny Cash Heritage Festival http://johnnycashheritagefestival.com/
^ Hilburn, Robert (2013). Johnny Cash: The Life (Deckle Edge). New York City: Little Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-19475-4. 
^ Kinchen, David (November 3, 2013). "BOOK REVIEW: 'Johnny Cash': Meticulous Attention to Facts Sets Robert Hilburn's Biography Apart". Huntington News. Retrieved December 12, 2013. 
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). "Interview: Robert Hilburn, Author Of 'Johnny Cash: The Life'". NPR. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Country Music Hall of Fame 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 
^ "RHOF Inductees with Certificates". Rockabilly Hall of Fame. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "Lifetime Honors", National Medal of Arts 
^ "Johnny Cash – Memories Shared". Songstuff. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Quotables "August 29, 2003 Justin Timberlake on Johnny Cash"". Archived from the original on April 7, 2014. Retrieved April 5, 2014. 
^ "The Winding Stream (2014)". IMDb. Retrieved November 9, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash – Cash: The Autobiography of Johnny Cash Review". SocialBookshelves.com. Retrieved July 13, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament". barnesandnoble.com. Retrieved November 24, 2014. 
^ "Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara". Retrieved September 9, 2015. 


Bibliography[edit]


Clapp, R (2008), Johnny Cash and the great American contradiction: Christianity and the battle for the soul of a nation, Louisville, KY: Westminster John Knox, ISBN 978-0-664-23657-1 .
D'Ambrosio, Antonino (2009), A Heartbeat and A Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears, Perseus Books/Nation Books, ISBN 978-1-56858-407-2 .
Gross, Terry (2006), All I Did Was Ask: Conversations with Writers, Actors, Musicians, and Artists, Hyperion, ISBN 1-4013-0010-3 .
Holmes, Cynthia S. (January 2004), "Remembering H Dale Jackson", Connect (newsletter), The CBF of Missouri, p. 2 .
Millier, William, "Awards", Johnny Cash, archived from the original on October 10, 2004, retrieved September 7, 2004 .
Miller, Stephen (2003), Johnny Cash: The Life of an American Icon, Omnibus, ISBN 0-7119-9626-1 .
Streissguth, Michael (2004), Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81338-2 .
Streissguth, Michael (2005) [2004], Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81453-2 .
Thomson, Elisabeth, "Cash, Johnny", Grove Music, Oxford Music Online, retrieved May 18, 2010 .
Turner, Stephen (2004), The Man Called Cash: The Life, Love, and Faith of an American Legend, Nashville, TN: W Publishing, ISBN 0-8499-1820-0 .
Urbanski, David (2003), The Man Comes Around: The Spiritual Journey of Johnny Cash, New York, NY: Relevant Books, ISBN 0-9729276-7-0 .


Further reading[edit]

Jonathan Silverman, Nine Choices: Johnny Cash and American Culture, Amherst: University of Massachusetts, 2010, ISBN 1-55849-826-5
Graeme Thomson, The Resurrection of Johnny Cash: Hurt, Redemption, and American Recordings, Jawbone Press, ISBN 978-1-906002-36-7
Christopher S. Wren, Johnny Cash: Winners Got Scars, Too, Abacus Editions, ISBN 0-349-13740-4
Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life, Back Bay Books, New York: Little Brown and Company, 2013, ISBN 978-0-316-19474-7(pb)

External links[edit]





Book: Johnny Cash





Find more aboutJohnny Cashat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Data from Wikidata



Official website
Sony Music's Johnny Cash website
"Inductee Johnny Cash", Candidates, Hit Parade Hall of Fame, archived from the original on January 6, 2008 .
Johnny Cash at AllMusic
Johnny Cash on IMDb
"Johnny Cash". Find a Grave. Retrieved November 30, 2013. 
Johnny Cash profile at martinguitar.com



Awards


First
None recognized before

First Amendment Center/AMA "Spirit of Americana" Free Speech Award
2002
Succeeded by
Kris Kristofferson


Preceded by
Buddy & Julie Miller
AMA Album of the Year (artist)
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn


Preceded by
Jim Lauderdale
AMA Artist of the Year
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn








v
t
e


Johnny Cash



Studio albums



With His Hot and Blue Guitar
Sings the Songs That Made Him Famous
The Fabulous Johnny Cash
Greatest!
Songs of Our Soil
Sings Hank Williams
Now, There Was a Song!
Now Here's Johnny Cash
The Sound of Johnny Cash
All Aboard the Blue Train
Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash
The Original Sun Sound of Johnny Cash
I Walk the Line
Orange Blossom Special
Everybody Loves a Nut
Happiness Is You
Old Golden Throat
More of Old Golden Throat
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash
The World of Johnny Cash
Man in Black
A Thing Called Love
Any Old Wind That Blows
Ragged Old Flag
The Junkie and the Juicehead Minus Me
John R. Cash
Look at Them Beans
One Piece at a Time
The Last Gunfighter Ballad
I Would Like to See You Again
Gone Girl
Silver
Rockabilly Blues
The Baron
The Adventures of Johnny Cash
Johnny 99
Rainbow
Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town
Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series
Water from the Wells of Home
Boom Chicka Boom
The Mystery of Life
American Recordings
Unchained
American III: Solitary Man
American IV: The Man Comes Around
Personal File
American V: A Hundred Highways
American VI: Ain't No Grave
Out Among the Stars





Concept albums



Ride This Train
Blood, Sweat and Tears
Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian
Sings the Ballads of the True West
From Sea to Shining Sea
America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song
The Johnny Cash Children's Album
The Rambler





Gospel albums



Hymns by Johnny Cash
Hymns from the Heart
The Holy Land
The Gospel Road (film soundtrack)
Sings Precious Memories
A Believer Sings the Truth
Believe in Him
Return to the Promised Land (video soundtrack)
My Mother's Hymn Book





Christmas albums



The Christmas Spirit
The Johnny Cash Family Christmas
Classic Christmas
Johnny Cash Country Christmas





Collaborations



The Lure of the Grand Canyon
Carryin' On with Johnny Cash and June Carter
Johnny Cash and His Woman
The Legend of Jesse James
The Survivors Live
Highwayman
Class of '55
Heroes
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes on Forever
VH1 Storytellers





Live albums



At Folsom Prison
At San Quentin
The Johnny Cash Show
På Österåker
Strawberry Cake
Koncert v Praze (In Prague–Live)
At Madison Square Garden
A Concert Behind Prison Walls





Non-gospel soundtracks



I Walk the Line
Little Fauss and Big Halsy





Compilations



Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
Heart of Cash
Greatest Hits, Vol. 2
Sunday Morning Coming Down
International Superstar
Five Feet High and Rising
Destination Victoria Station
Greatest Hits, Vol. 3
The Unissued Johnny Cash
Johnny & June
Tall Man
Encore
Biggest Hits
The Man in Black 1954–1958
The Man in Black 1959–1962
Come Along and Ride This Train
The Essential Johnny Cash (1992)
Wanted Man
The Man in Black 1963–1969
The Man in Black – His Greatest Hits
16 Biggest Hits
Love, God, Murder
The Essential Johnny Cash (2002)
Unearthed
The Legend
The Legend of Johnny Cash
Johnny Cash: Patriot
16 Biggest Hits: Johnny Cash & June Carter Cash
The Legend of Johnny Cash Vol. II
The Complete Columbia Album Collection





Songs



"25 Minutes to Go"
"Seasons of My Heart"
"Any Old Wind That Blows"
"The Ballad of Boot Hill"
"The Ballad of Ira Hayes"
"Ballad of a Teenage Queen"
"Big River"
"Blistered"
"A Boy Named Sue"
"Busted"
"Cat's in the Cradle"
"Cocaine Blues"
"Cry! Cry! Cry!"
"Daddy Sang Bass"
"Dark as a Dungeon"
"Don't Take Your Guns to Town"
"Engine 143"
"Flesh and Blood"
"The Folk Singer"
"Folsom Prison Blues"
"Forty Shades of Green"
"Get Rhythm"
"Goodnight, Irene"
"Green, Green Grass of Home"
"Greystone Chapel"
"Guess Things Happen That Way"
"Hey, Porter"
"Home of the Blues"
"Hurt"
"I Couldn't Keep from Crying"
"I Love You Because"
"I Still Miss Someone"
"I Walk the Line"
"If I Had a Hammer"
"If I Were a Carpenter"
"In My Life"
"In the Jailhouse Now"
"It Ain't Me Babe"
"Jackson"
"Kate"
"The Man Comes Around"
"Man in Black"
"The Matador"
"Oh Lonesome Me"
"One Piece at a Time"
"Oney"
"Orange Blossom Special"
"The One on the Right Is on the Left"
"Remember the Alamo"
"(Ghost) Riders in the Sky"
"Ring of Fire"
"Rock Island Line"
"So Doggone Lonesome"
"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down"
"Tennessee Flat Top Box"
"There Ain't No Good Chain Gang"
"A Thing Called Love"
"Understand Your Man"
"What Is Truth"
"What'd I Say"





Television



The Johnny Cash Show





Family



June Carter Cash
John Carter Cash
Rosanne Cash
Carlene Carter
Vivian Liberto
Tommy Cash
Carter Family





Related



Albums discography
Singles discography
Sun Records discography
The Highwaymen
Carter Family Fold
Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words
Cash: The Autobiography
Johnny Cash! The Man, His World, His Music
Walk the Line
We Walk the Line: A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash
Ring of Fire (2013 film)
Ring of Fire (musical)
My Father and the Man in Black
Dyess, Arkansas
The Tennessee Three






 Book










v
t
e


The Highwaymen






Johnny Cash
Waylon Jennings
Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson





Studio albums



Highwayman
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes On Forever





Singles



"Highwayman"
"Desperados Waiting for a Train"
"Silver Stallion"
"It Is What It Is"












v
t
e


Members of the Grand Ole Opry






Roy Acuff
Trace Adkins
David "Stringbean" Akeman
Bill Anderson
Jack Anglin
Eddy Arnold
Ernest Ashworth
Chet Atkins
DeFord Bailey
Bobby Bare
Bashful Brother Oswald
Humphrey Bate
Dierks Bentley
Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers
Clint Black
Margie Bowes
Rod Brasfield
Garth Brooks
Jim Ed Brown
The Browns
Carl Butler and Pearl
Archie Campbell
Bill Carlisle
Martha Carson
The Carter Sisters
Maybelle Carter
Johnny Cash
June Carter Cash
Roy Clark
Terri Clark
Zeke Clements
Patsy Cline
Jerry Clower
John Conlee
Stoney Cooper
Wilma Lee Cooper
Cowboy Copas
Dailey & Vincent
Charlie Daniels
Skeeter Davis
The Delmore Brothers
The DeZurik Sisters
Diamond Rio
Little Jimmy Dickens
Joe Diffie
Danny Dill
Jimmy Driftwood
Roy Drusky
The Duke of Paducah
Holly Dunn
The Everly Brothers
Lester Flatt
Red Foley
Curly Fox
Lefty Frizzell
Larry Gatlin
Crystal Gayle
Don Gibson
Vince Gill
Billy Grammer
Jack Greene
The Gully Jumpers
Theron Hale
Tom T. Hall
George Hamilton IV
Sid Harkreader
Emmylou Harris
Hawkshaw Hawkins
George D. Hay
Hoot Hester
Goldie Hill
David Houston
Jan Howard
Ferlin Husky
Alan Jackson
Stonewall Jackson
Sonny James
Norma Jean
Jim & Jesse
Johnnie & Jack
George Jones
Grandpa Jones
The Jordanaires
Doug Kershaw
Hal Ketchum
Bradley Kincaid
Pee Wee King
Alison Krauss
Little Big Town
Hank Locklin
Lonzo and Oscar
Bobby Lord
The Louvin Brothers
Charlie Louvin
Ira Louvin
Patty Loveless
Bob Luman
Loretta Lynn
Uncle Dave Macon
Rose Maddox
Barbara Mandrell
Kerry Marx
Martina McBride
Del McCoury
Mel McDaniel
Reba McEntire
McGee Brothers
Jesse McReynolds
Ronnie Milsap
Bill Monroe
Montgomery Gentry
Craig Morgan
George Morgan
Lorrie Morgan
Moon Mullican
Willie Nelson
Jimmy C. Newman
The Oak Ridge Boys
Old Crow Medicine Show
Osborne Brothers
Brad Paisley
Dolly Parton
Johnny Paycheck
Minnie Pearl
Stu Phillips
Webb Pierce
Ray Pillow
Ray Price
Charley Pride
Jeanne Pruett
Rascal Flatts
Del Reeves
Jim Reeves
Riders in the Sky
Tex Ritter
Marty Robbins
Darius Rucker
Johnny Russell
Rusty and Doug
Earl Scruggs
Jeannie Seely
Blake Shelton
Ricky Van Shelton
Jean Shepard
Ricky Skaggs
Mississippi Slim
Carl Smith
Connie Smith
Fiddlin' Arthur Smith
Mike Snider
Hank Snow
Red Sovine
Ralph Stanley
Marty Stuart
Texas Ruby
B. J. Thomas
Uncle Jimmy Thompson
Mel Tillis
Pam Tillis
Tompall & the Glaser Brothers
Randy Travis
Travis Tritt
Ernest Tubb
Justin Tubb
Josh Turner
Carrie Underwood
Keith Urban
Leroy Van Dyke
Porter Wagoner
Billy Walker
Charlie Walker
Steve Wariner
Kitty Wells
Dottie West
The Whites
Slim Whitman
The Wilburn Brothers
Don Williams
Hank Williams
Boxcar Willie
The Willis Brothers
Chubby Wise
Del Wood
Marion Worth
Johnnie Wright
Tammy Wynette
Trisha Yearwood
Faron Young












v
t
e


Country Music Hall of Fame 1980s






Johnny Cash (1980)
Connie B. Gay (1980)
Sons of the Pioneers (1980)
Vernon Dalhart (1981)
Grant Turner (1981)
Lefty Frizzell (1982)
Roy Horton (1982)
Marty Robbins (1982)
Little Jimmy Dickens (1983)
Ralph Peer (1984)
Floyd Tillman (1984)
Flatt and Scruggs (1985)
The Duke of Paducah (1986)
Wesley Rose (1986)
Rod Brasfield (1987)
Loretta Lynn (1988)
Roy Rogers (1988)
Jack Stapp (1989)
Cliffie Stone (1989)
Hank Thompson (1989)












v
t
e


Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album (1980s)






1980
John Gielgud - Ages of Man - Readings From Shakespeare
1981
Pat Carroll - Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein
1982
Orson Welles - Donovan's Brain
1983
Tom Voegeli (producer) - Raiders of the Lost Ark - The Movie on Record performed by various artists
1984
William Warfield - Lincoln Portrait
1985
Ben Kingsley - The Words of Gandhi
1986
Mike Berniker (producer) & the original Broadway cast - Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
1987
Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chips Moman, Ricky Nelson, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins, Sam Phillips - Interviews From the Class of '55 Recording Sessions
1988
Garrison Keillor - Lake Wobegon Days
1989
Jesse Jackson - Speech by Rev. Jesse Jackson









Complete list
(1959 & 1960s)
(1970s)
(1980s)
(1990s)
(2000s)
(2010s)













v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1990s)



1990



Dizzy Gillespie
Katharine Hepburn
Risë Stevens
Jule Styne
Billy Wilder





1991



Roy Acuff
Betty Comden and Adolph Green
Fayard and Harold Nicholas
Gregory Peck
Robert Shaw





1992



Lionel Hampton
Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
Ginger Rogers
Mstislav Rostropovich
Paul Taylor





1993



Johnny Carson
Arthur Mitchell
Sir Georg Solti
Stephen Sondheim
Marion Williams





1994



Kirk Douglas
Aretha Franklin
Morton Gould
Harold Prince
Pete Seeger





1995



Jacques d'Amboise
Marilyn Horne
B.B. King
Sidney Poitier
Neil Simon





1996



Edward Albee
Benny Carter
Johnny Cash
Jack Lemmon
Maria Tallchief





1997



Lauren Bacall
Bob Dylan
Charlton Heston
Jessye Norman
Edward Villella





1998



Bill Cosby
Fred Ebb and John Kander
Willie Nelson
André Previn
Shirley Temple Black





1999



Victor Borge
Sean Connery
Judith Jamison
Jason Robards
Stevie Wonder








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1992



Performers



Bobby Bland
Booker T. & the M.G.'s (Steve Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Al Jackson Jr., Booker T. Jones, Lewie Steinberg)
Johnny Cash
The Isley Brothers (Ernie Isley, Marvin Isley, O'Kelly Isley Jr., Ronald Isley, Rudolph Isley, Chris Jasper)
The Jimi Hendrix Experience (Jimi Hendrix, Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding)
Sam & Dave (Sam Moore, Dave Prater)
The Yardbirds (Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Chris Dreja, Jim McCarty, Jimmy Page, Keith Relf, Paul Samwell-Smith)





Early influences



Elmore James
Professor Longhair





Non-performers
(Ahmet Ertegun Award)



Leo Fender
Bill Graham
Doc Pomus









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 27251336
LCCN: n79018367
ISNI: 0000 0001 0882 3456
GND: 118519433
SELIBR: 182765
SUDOC: 077442083
BNF: cb13892236v (data)
BIBSYS: 90131809
MusicBrainz: d43d12a1-2dc9-4257-a2fd-0a3bb1081b86
NLA: 35853535
NKC: jn19990001359
BNE: XX881565










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnny_Cash&oldid=792513053"					
Categories: Johnny Cash1932 births2003 deaths20th-century American singers21st-century American singersMale actors from ArkansasAmerican autobiographersAmerican bass-baritonesAmerican country guitaristsAmerican country singersAmerican country singer-songwritersAmerican folk guitaristsAmerican folk singersAmerican male film actorsAmerican male singersAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican performers of Christian musicAmerican ChristiansAmerican acoustic guitaristsAmerican male guitaristsBurials in TennesseeCash–Carter familyCharly Records artistsColumbia Records artistsCountry Music Hall of Fame inducteesCountry musicians from ArkansasDeaths from diabetesDisease-related deaths in TennesseeGrammy Award winnersGrammy Legend AwardGrammy Lifetime Achievement Award winnersGrand Ole Opry membersKennedy Center honoreesMembers of the Country Music AssociationNative Americans' rights activistsPeople from Cleveland County, ArkansasMusicians from Nashville, TennesseePeople from Hendersonville, TennesseePeople from Sumner County, TennesseeRock and roll musiciansRock and Roll Hall of Fame inducteesSun Records artistsThe Highwaymen (country supergroup) membersTennessee DemocratsUnited States Air Force airmenGuitarists from ArkansasGuitarists from TennesseePeople from ArkansasGospel singersHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse mdy dates from November 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2012Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2014Articles with unsourced statements from May 2017Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaChavacano de ZamboangaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschDolnoserbskiEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺한국어HawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTsetsêhestâheseTürkçeУкраїнськаVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 23:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Johnny Cash - Wikipedia






















 






Johnny Cash

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the singer. For other uses, see Johnny Cash (disambiguation).


Johnny Cash



Cash in 1969



Born
J. R. Cash
(1932-02-26)February 26, 1932
Kingsland, Arkansas, U.S.A.


Died
September 12, 2003(2003-09-12) (aged 71)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A.


Cause of death
Diabetes mellitus


Resting place
Hendersonville Memory Gardens


Occupation



Singer-songwriter
guitarist
actor
author





Years active
1954–2003


Spouse(s)



Vivian Liberto
(m. 1954; div. 1966)
June Carter
(m. 1968; her death 2003)





Children
5, including Rosanne and John Carter


Website
johnnycash.com


Military career


Allegiance
United States


Service/branch
United States Air Force


Years of service
1950–1954


Rank
 Staff sergeant


Unit
12th Radio Squadron Mobile





Musical career


Genres



Country
rock and roll
folk
gospel





Instruments



Vocals
acoustic guitar





Labels



Sun
Columbia
Mercury
American
House of Cash
Legacy





Associated acts



The Tennessee Three
The Highwaymen
June Carter Cash
The Statler Brothers
The Carter Family
Waylon Jennings
Bob Dylan
Willie Nelson
Kris Kristofferson





Notable instruments





Martin Acoustic Guitars[1]
1943 Martin D28
Martin D35








John R. Cash (born J. R. Cash; February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author.[2] He is widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century and is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, having sold more than 90 million records worldwide.[3][4] Although primarily remembered as a country music icon, his genre-spanning songs and sound embraced rock and roll, rockabilly, blues, folk, and gospel. This crossover appeal won Cash the rare honor of multiple inductions in the Country Music, Rock and Roll, and Gospel Music Halls of Fame.
Cash was known for his deep, calm bass-baritone voice,[a][6] the distinctive sound of his Tennessee Three backing band, which is characterized by train-sound guitar rhythms; a rebelliousness[7][8] coupled with an increasingly somber and humble demeanor,[5] free prison concerts,[9][10] and a trademark, all-black stage wardrobe, which earned him the nickname "The Man in Black."[b] He traditionally began his concerts by simply introducing himself, "Hello, I'm Johnny Cash,"[c] followed by his signature "Folsom Prison Blues".
Much of Cash's music contained themes of sorrow, moral tribulation, and redemption, especially in the latter stages of his career.[5][13] His signature songs include "I Walk the Line", "Folsom Prison Blues", "Ring of Fire", "Get Rhythm", and "Man in Black". He also recorded humorous numbers like "One Piece at a Time" and "A Boy Named Sue"; a duet with his future wife, June Carter, called "Jackson" (followed by many further duets after their marriage); and railroad songs including "Hey, Porter", "Orange Blossom Special" and "Rock Island Line".[14] During the last stage of his career, Cash covered songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.



Contents


1 Early life
2 Military service
3 Marriages and family
4 Career

4.1 Early career
4.2 Outlaw image
4.3 Folsom and other prison concerts
4.4 Activism for Native Americans
4.5 "The Man in Black"
4.6 Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records
4.7 American Recordings


5 Last years
6 Death
7 Religious beliefs
8 Legacy

8.1 Portrayals


9 Awards and honors
10 Discography
11 Filmography
12 Published works
13 Notes
14 References

14.1 Bibliography


15 Further reading
16 External links



Early life[edit]
J. R. Cash was born on February 26, 1932 in Kingsland, Arkansas,[15][16] born to Ray Cash (May 13, 1897 in Kingsland, Arkansas – December 23, 1985 in Hendersonville, Tennessee) and Carrie Cloveree (née Rivers; March 13, 1904 in Rison, Arkansas – March 11, 1991 in Hendersonville, Tennessee). He was one of seven children, who were in birth order: Roy, Margaret Louise, Jack, J. R., Reba, Joanne, and Tommy (who also became a successful country artist).[17][18]He was primarily of English and Scottish descent,[19][20][21] and as an adult traced his surname to 11th-century Fife after meeting with the then-laird of Falkland, Major Michael Crichton-Stuart.[22][23][24] Cash Loch and other locations in Fife bear the name of his family.[22]
At birth, Cash was named J. R. Cash.[25] When Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force, he was not permitted to use initials as a first name,[citation needed] so he changed his name to John R. Cash. In 1955, when signing with Sun Records, he took Johnny Cash as his stage name.[8]
In March 1935, when Cash was three years old, the family settled in Dyess, Arkansas, a New Deal Colony intended to give poor families a chance to start over with land that they could work toward owning. J.R. started working in cotton fields at the age of five, singing along with his family while working. The family farm was flooded on at least two occasions, which later inspired him to write the song "Five Feet High and Rising".[26][page needed] His family's economic and personal struggles during the Great Depression inspired many of his songs, especially those about other people facing similar difficulties.
Cash was very close to his older brother, Jack.[27] In May 1944, Jack was pulled into a whirling head saw in the mill where he worked and was almost cut in two. He suffered for over a week before he died on May 20, 1944, at the age of 15.[26][page needed] Cash often spoke of the horrible guilt he felt over this incident. According to Cash: The Autobiography, his father was away that morning, but he and his mother, and Jack himself, all had premonitions or a sense of foreboding about that day, causing his mother to urge Jack to skip work and go fishing with his brother. Jack insisted on working, as the family needed the money. On his deathbed, Jack said he had visions of Heaven and angels. Decades later, Cash spoke of looking forward to meeting his brother in Heaven.[8]
Cash's early memories were dominated by gospel music and radio. Taught guitar by his mother and a childhood friend, Cash began playing and writing songs at the age of twelve. When Cash was young, he had a high tenor voice, before becoming a bass-baritone.[28] In high school, he sang on a local radio station; decades later he released an album of traditional gospel songs, called My Mother's Hymn Book. He was also significantly influenced by traditional Irish music that he heard performed weekly by Dennis Day on the Jack Benny radio program.[29][page needed]
Military service[edit]
Cash enlisted in the United States Air Force on July 7, 1950.[30] After basic training at Lackland Air Force Base and technical training at Brooks Air Force Base, both in San Antonio, Texas, Cash was assigned to the 12th Radio Squadron Mobile of the U.S. Air Force Security Service at Landsberg, Germany as a Morse Code operator intercepting Soviet Army transmissions.[31] It was there he created his first band, named "The Landsberg Barbarians".[32] He was honorably discharged as a staff sergeant on July 3, 1954, and returned to Texas.[33] During his military service, he acquired a distinctive scar on the right side of his jaw as a result of surgery to remove a cyst.[34][35]
Marriages and family[edit]
On July 18, 1951, while in Air Force training, Cash met 17-year-old Vivian Liberto at a roller skating rink in her native San Antonio. They dated for three weeks until Cash was deployed to Germany for a three-year tour. During that time, the couple exchanged hundreds of pages of love letters.[36] On August 7, 1954, one month after his discharge, they were married at St. Ann's Roman Catholic Church in San Antonio. The ceremony was performed by her uncle, Father Vincent Liberto. They had four daughters: Rosanne, Kathy, Cindy, and Tara. Liberto stated that Cash's drug and alcohol abuse, as well as constant touring, affairs with other women, and his close relationship with June Carter led her to file for divorce in 1966.
Cash met June Carter, of the famed Carter Family while on tour and became infatuated, as did she. In 1968, 13 years after they first met backstage at the Grand Ole Opry, Cash proposed to June, during a live performance in London, Ontario.[37] The couple married on March 1, 1968, in Franklin, Kentucky. They had one child together, John Carter Cash, born March 3, 1970. Cash and Carter continued to work, raise their children, create music, and tour together for 35 years until June's death in May 2003. Throughout their marriage June attempted to keep Cash off of amphetamines, often taking his drugs and flushing them down the toilet. June remained with Johnny throughout multiple rehab visits and years of drug abuse. After June's passing, Cash believed that his only reason for living was his music.[38] Cash died four months later.[8]
Career[edit]
Early career[edit]




Publicity photo for Sun Records


In 1954, Cash and Vivian moved to Memphis, Tennessee, where he sold appliances while studying to be a radio announcer. At night he played with guitarist Luther Perkins and bassist Marshall Grant. Perkins and Grant were known as the Tennessee Two. Cash worked up the courage to visit the Sun Records studio, hoping to get a recording contract. After auditioning for Sam Phillips, singing mostly gospel songs, Phillips told him that he didn't record gospel music any longer. It was once rumored that Phillips told Cash to "go home and sin, then come back with a song I can sell", although in a 2002 interview Cash denied that Phillips made any such comment.[39] Cash eventually won over the producer with new songs delivered in his early rockabilly style. In 1955, Cash made his first recordings at Sun, "Hey Porter" and "Cry! Cry! Cry!", which were released in late June and met with success on the country hit parade.
On December 4, 1956, Elvis Presley dropped in on Phillips while Carl Perkins was in the studio cutting new tracks, with Jerry Lee Lewis backing him on piano. Cash was also in the studio and the four started an impromptu jam session. Phillips left the tapes running and the recordings, almost half of which were gospel songs, survived and have since been released under the title Million Dollar Quartet. In Cash: the Autobiography, Cash wrote that he was the one farthest from the microphone and was singing in a higher pitch to blend in with Elvis.
Cash's next record, "Folsom Prison Blues", made the country Top 5, and "I Walk the Line" became No. 1 on the country charts and entered the pop charts Top 20. "Home of the Blues" followed, recorded in July 1957. That same year Cash became the first Sun artist to release a long-playing album. Although he was Sun's most consistently selling and prolific artist at that time, Cash felt constrained by his contract with the small label partly due to the fact that Phillips wasn't keen on Johnny recording gospel, and he was getting only a 3% royalty as opposed to the standard rate of 5%. Presley had already left Sun, and Phillips was focusing most of his attention and promotion on Lewis. The following year, Cash left the label to sign a lucrative offer with Columbia Records, where his single "Don't Take Your Guns to Town" became one of his biggest hits and his second album for Columbia was a collection of gospel songs. However, Cash left behind a sufficient backlog of recordings with Sun that Phillips continued to release new singles and even albums featuring previously unreleased material until as late as 1964, placing Cash in the unusual position of having new releases out on two labels concurrently, with one 1960 release, a cover of "Oh Lonesome Me" making as high as No. 13 on the C&W charts. (As opposed to when RCA Victor signed Presley and also bought his Sun Records masters, when Cash departed for Columbia, Phillips retained the rights to Cash's Sun masters; Columbia eventually licensed some of these recordings for release on compilations after Cash's death.)




The Tennessee Three with Cash in 1963.


Early in his career, he was given the teasing nickname The Undertaker by fellow artists because of his habit of wearing black clothes – though he did so only because they were easier to keep looking clean on long tours.[40]
In the early 1960s, Cash toured with the Carter Family, which by this time regularly included Mother Maybelle's daughters, Anita, June, and Helen. June later recalled admiring him from afar during these tours. In the 1960s, he appeared on Pete Seeger's short-lived television series Rainbow Quest.[41] He also acted in and wrote and sang the opening theme for a 1961 film entitled Five Minutes to Live, later re-released as Door-to-door Maniac.
Cash's career was handled by Saul Holiff, a London, Ontario, promoter, and this relationship was the subject of Saul's son's biopic My Father and the Man in Black.[42]
Outlaw image[edit]
As his career was taking off in the late 1950s, Cash started drinking heavily and became addicted to amphetamines and barbiturates. For a brief time, he shared an apartment in Nashville with Waylon Jennings, who was heavily addicted to amphetamines. Cash used the uppers to stay awake during tours. Friends joked about his "nervousness" and erratic behavior, many ignoring the warning signs of his worsening drug addiction.
Although he was in many ways spiraling out of control, Cash's frenetic creativity was still delivering hits. His rendition of "Ring of Fire" was a crossover hit, reaching No. 1 on the country charts and entering the Top 20 on the pop charts. It was originally performed by June's sister, but the signature mariachi-style horn arrangement was provided by Cash,[43] who said that it had come to him in a dream. Vivian Liberto claimed a different version of the origins of "Ring of Fire." In her book, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, Liberto states that Cash gave Carter the credit for monetary reasons.[44]
In June 1965, his camper caught fire during a fishing trip with his nephew Damon Fielder in Los Padres National Forest in California, triggering a forest fire that burnt several hundred acres and nearly killed Cash.[45][46] Cash claimed that the fire was caused by sparks from a defective exhaust system on his camper, but Fielder thinks that Cash started a fire to stay warm and in his drugged condition failed to notice the fire getting out of control.[47][page needed] When the judge asked Cash why he did it, Cash said, "I didn't do it, my truck did, and it's dead, so you can't question it."[26][page needed] The fire destroyed 508 acres (206 ha), burning the foliage off three mountains and driving off forty-nine of the refuge's 53 endangered condors.[48] Cash was unrepentant and claimed, "I don't care about your damn yellow buzzards." The federal government sued him and was awarded $125,172. Cash eventually settled the case and paid $82,001.[49] He said he was the only person ever sued by the government for starting a forest fire.[26][page needed]
Although Cash carefully cultivated a romantic outlaw image, he never served a prison sentence. Despite landing in jail seven times for misdemeanors, each stay lasted only a single night. His most infamous run-in with the law occurred while on tour in 1965, when he was arrested October 4 by a narcotics squad in El Paso, Texas. The officers suspected he was smuggling heroin from Mexico, but found instead 688 Dexedrine capsules (amphetamines) and 475 Equanil (sedatives or tranquilizers) tablets that the singer had hidden inside his guitar case. Because the pills were prescription drugs rather than illegal narcotics, he received a suspended sentence.




Johnny Cash and his second wife, June Carter


Cash had also been arrested on May 11, 1965, in Starkville, Mississippi, for trespassing late at night onto private property to pick flowers. (This incident gave the spark for the song "Starkville City Jail", which he discussed on his live At San Quentin album.)[50] In the mid-1960s, Cash released a number of concept albums, including Sings the Ballads of the True West (1965), an experimental double record mixing authentic frontier songs with Cash's spoken narration, and Bitter Tears (1964), with songs highlighting the plight of the Native Americans. His drug addiction was at its worst at this point, and his destructive behavior led to a divorce from his first wife and canceled performances. Nonetheless, he continued to find success and in 1967, Cash's duet with June Carter, "Jackson," won a Grammy Award.[51]
Cash's final arrest was in 1967 in Walker County, Georgia, after being involved in a car accident while carrying a bag of prescription pills. Cash attempted to bribe a local deputy, who turned the money down; Cash then spent the night in a LaFayette, Georgia, jail. The singer was released after a long talk with Sheriff Ralph Jones, who warned him of his dangerous behavior and wasted potential. Cash credited that experience for saving his life, and he later came back to LaFayette to play a benefit concert that attracted 12,000 people (the city population was less than 9,000 at the time) and raised $75,000 for the high school.[52] Reflecting on his past in a 1997 interview, Cash noted: "I was taking the pills for awhile, and then the pills started taking me."[53]
Cash curtailed his use of drugs for several years in 1968, after a spiritual epiphany in the Nickajack Cave, when he attempted to commit suicide while under the heavy influence of drugs. He descended deeper into the cave, trying to lose himself and "just die," when he passed out on the floor. He reported being exhausted and feeling at the end of his rope when he felt God's presence in his heart and managed to struggle out of the cave (despite the exhaustion) by following a faint light and slight breeze. To him, it was his own rebirth. June, Maybelle, and Ezra Carter moved into Cash's mansion for a month to help him conquer his addiction. Cash proposed onstage to June at a concert at the London Gardens in London, Ontario, Canada, on February 22, 1968; the couple married a week later (on March 1) in Franklin, Kentucky. She had agreed to marry Cash after he had "cleaned up."[54]
He rediscovered his Christian faith, taking an "altar call" in Evangel Temple, a small church in the Nashville area, pastored by Reverend Jimmie Rodgers Snow, son of country music legend Hank Snow. According to longtime friend Marshall Grant, Cash's 1968 rebirth experience did not result in his completely stopping use of amphetamines. However, beginning in 1970, Cash ended all drug use for a period of seven years. Grant claims that the birth of Cash's son, John Carter Cash inspired Cash to end his dependence. Cash began using amphetamines again in 1977. By 1983, he was once again addicted and entered the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage, California for rehabilitation. Cash managed to stay off drugs for several years, but by 1989, he was dependent again and entered Nashville's Cumberland Heights Alcohol and Drug Treatment Center. In 1992, he entered the Loma Linda Behavioral Medicine Center in Loma Linda, California, for his final rehabilitation (several months later, his son followed him into this facility for treatment).[55][56][57]
Folsom and other prison concerts[edit]
Cash began performing concerts at prisons starting in the late 1950s. He played his first famous prison concert on January 1, 1958, at San Quentin State Prison.[58] These performances led to a pair of highly successful live albums, Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison (1968) and Johnny Cash at San Quentin (1969). Both live albums reached number 1 on Billboard country album music and the latter crossed over to reach the top of the Billboard pop album chart. In 1969 Cash became an international hit when he eclipsed even the Beatles by selling 6.5 million albums.[59] In comparison, the prison concerts were much more successful than his later live albums such as Strawberry Cake recorded in London and Live at Madison Square Garden, which peaked at #33 and #39 on the album charts respectively.
The Folsom Prison record was introduced by a rendition of his "Folsom Prison Blues," while the San Quentin record included the crossover hit single "A Boy Named Sue," a Shel Silverstein-penned novelty song that reached No. 1 on the country charts and No. 2 on the U.S. Top Ten pop charts. The AM versions of the latter contained profanities which were edited out. The modern CD versions are unedited and thus also longer than the original vinyl albums, though they retain the audience reaction overdubs of the originals.
Cash performed at the Österåker Prison in Sweden in 1972. The live album På Österåker ("At Österåker") was released in 1973. "San Quentin" was recorded with Cash replacing "San Quentin" with "Österåker". In 1976, a further prison concert, this time at Tennessee Prison, was videotaped for TV broadcast and received a belated CD release after Cash's death as A Concert Behind Prison Walls.
Activism for Native Americans[edit]
In 1965, Cash and June Carter appeared on Pete Seeger's TV show, Rainbow Quest, on which Cash explained his start as an activist for Native Americans:

In '57, I wrote a song called 'Old Apache Squaw' and then forgot the so-called Indian protest for a while, but nobody else seemed to speak up with any volume of voice.[60]

Columbia, the label for which Cash was recording then, was opposed to putting the song on his next album, considering it "too radical for the public".[61] Cash singing songs of Indian tragedy and settler violence went radically against the mainstream of country music in the 1950s, which was dominated by the image of the righteous cowboy who simply makes the native's soil his own.[62]
In 1964, coming off the chart success that his previous album "I Walk The Line" had been, he recorded the aforementioned album Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian.
The album featured stories of a multitude of native peoples, mostly of their violent oppression by white settlers: The Pima ("The Ballad of Ira Hayes"), Navajo ("Navajo"), Apache ("Apache Tears"), Lakota ("Big Foot"), Seneca ("As Long as the Grass Shall Grow"), and Cherokee ("Talking Leaves"). Cash wrote three of the songs himself and one with the help of Johnny Horton, but the majority of the protest songs were written by folk artist Peter La Farge[63] (son of activist and Pulitzer prizewinner Oliver La Farge), whom Cash met in New York in the 1960s and whom he admired for his activism.[64] The album's single, "The Ballad of Ira Hayes," was neglected by non-political radio at the time, and the record label denied it any promotion due to its provocative protesting and thus "unappealing" nature.[65] Cash faced resistance and was even urged by an editor of a country music magazine to leave the Country Music Association: "You and your crowd are just too intelligent to associate with plain country folks, country artists, and country DJs."[66]
In reaction, on August 22, 1964, the singer posted a letter as an advertisement in Billboard Magazine, calling the record industry cowardly. "D.J.s – station managers – owners ... where are your guts?" he demands. "I had to fight back when I realized that so many stations are afraid of Ira Hayes. Just one question: WHY???" He concludes the letter, "Ira Hayes is strong medicine ... So is Rochester, Harlem, Birmingham and Vietnam." [67] Cash kept promoting the song himself and used his influence on radio disc jockeys he knew eventually to make the song climb to number three on the country charts, while the album rose to number two on the album charts.[66]




Cash in 1969


Later, on The Johnny Cash Show, he continued telling stories of Native-American plight, both in song and through short films, such as the history of the Trail of Tears.[68]
In 1966, in response to his activism, the singer was adopted by the Seneca Nation's Turtle Clan. He performed benefits in 1968 at the Rosebud Reservation, close to the historical landmark of the massacre at Wounded Knee, to raise money to help build a school. He also played at the D-Q University in the 1980s.[69]
In 1970, Cash recording a reading of John G. Burnett's 1890 80th birthday essay [70] on Cherokee removal for the Historical Landmarks Association (Nashville).[71]
"The Man in Black"[edit]




Cash advocated prison reform at his July 1972 meeting with United States President Richard Nixon


From 1969 to 1971, Cash starred in his own television show, The Johnny Cash Show, on the ABC network. The Statler Brothers opened up for him in every episode; the Carter Family and rockabilly legend Carl Perkins were also part of the regular show entourage. Cash also enjoyed booking mainstream performers as guests; including Neil Young, Louis Armstrong, Neil Diamond, Kenny Rogers and The First Edition (who appeared four times), James Taylor, Ray Charles, Roger Miller, Roy Orbison, Derek and the Dominos, and Bob Dylan. During the same period, he contributed the title song and other songs to the film Little Fauss and Big Halsey, which starred Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, and Lauren Hutton. The title song, "The Ballad of Little Fauss and Big Halsey," written by Carl Perkins, was nominated for a Golden Globe award.[72]
Cash had met with Dylan in the mid-1960s and became closer friends when they were neighbors in the late 1960s in Woodstock, New York. Cash was enthusiastic about reintroducing the reclusive Dylan to his audience. Cash sang a duet with Dylan on Dylan's country album Nashville Skyline and also wrote the album's Grammy-winning liner notes.
Another artist who received a major career boost from The Johnny Cash Show was Kris Kristofferson, who was beginning to make a name for himself as a singer-songwriter. During a live performance of Kristofferson's "Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down," Cash refused to change the lyrics to suit network executives, singing the song with its references to marijuana intact:


On a Sunday morning sidewalk
I'm wishin', Lord, that I was stoned.[73]


By the early 1970s, he had crystallized his public image as "The Man in Black." He regularly performed dressed all in black, wearing a long black knee-length coat. This outfit stood in contrast to the costumes worn by most of the major country acts in his day: rhinestone suits and cowboy boots. In 1971, Cash wrote the song "Man in Black," to help explain his dress code:


We're doing mighty fine I do suppose
In our streak of lightning cars and fancy clothes
But just so we're reminded of the ones who are held back
Up front there ought to be a man in black.






Cash performing in Bremen, West Germany, in September 1972


He wore 'black' on behalf of the poor and hungry, on behalf of "the prisoner who has long paid for his crime," and on behalf of those who have been betrayed by age or drugs.[74] "And," Cash added, "with the Vietnam War as painful in my mind as it was in most other Americans, I wore it 'in mournin' for the lives that could have been' ... Apart from the Vietnam War being over, I don't see much reason to change my position ... The old are still neglected, the poor are still poor, the young are still dying before their time, and we're not making many moves to make things right. There's still plenty of darkness to carry off."[74]




Cash in the "one piece at a time" Cadillac


He and his band had initially worn black shirts because that was the only matching color they had among their various outfits. He wore other colors on stage early in his career, but he claimed to like wearing black both on and off stage. He stated that political reasons aside, he simply liked black as his on-stage color.[26][page needed] The outdated US Navy's winter blue uniform used to be referred to by sailors as "Johnny Cashes," as the uniform's shirt, tie, and trousers are solid black.[75]
In the mid-1970s, Cash's popularity and number of hit songs began to decline. He made commercials for Amoco and STP, an unpopular enterprise at the time of the 1970s energy crisis. In 1976 he made commercials for Lionel Trains, for which he also wrote the music.[76] However, his first autobiography, Man in Black, was published in 1975 and sold 1.3 million copies. A second, Cash: The Autobiography, appeared in 1997.
His friendship with Billy Graham [77] led to the production of a film about the life of Jesus, The Gospel Road, which Cash co-wrote and narrated. Cash and June Carter Cash appeared several times on the Billy Graham Crusade TV specials, and Cash continued to include gospel and religious songs on many of his albums, though Columbia declined to release A Believer Sings the Truth, a gospel double-LP Cash recorded in 1979 and which ended up being released on an independent label even with Cash still under contract to Columbia. On November 22, 1974, CBS ran his one-hour TV special entitled "Riding The Rails", a musical history of trains.
He continued to appear on television, hosting Christmas specials on CBS in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Later television appearances included a starring role in an episode of Columbo, entitled "Swan Song". He and June appeared in an episode of Little House on the Prairie, entitled "The Collection". He gave a performance as John Brown in the 1985 American Civil War television mini-series North and South. Johnny and June also appeared in Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman in recurring roles.[72]
He was friendly with every US President starting with Richard Nixon. He was closest to Jimmy Carter, with whom he became close friends and who was a distant cousin of his wife, June Carter Cash.[26]
When invited to perform at the White House for the first time in 1970,[78] Richard Nixon's office requested that he play "Okie from Muskogee" (a satirical Merle Haggard song about people who despised youthful drug users and war protesters), "Welfare Cadillac" (a Guy Drake song which denies the integrity of welfare recipients), and "A Boy Named Sue." Cash declined to play the first two and instead selected other songs, including "The Ballad of Ira Hayes" (about a brave Native American World War II veteran who was mistreated upon his return to Arizona), and his own compositions, "What Is Truth" and "Man in Black". Cash wrote that the reasons for denying Nixon's song choices were not knowing them and having fairly short notice to rehearse them, rather than any political reason.[26][page needed] However, Cash added, even if Nixon's office had given Cash enough time to learn and rehearse the songs, their choice of pieces that conveyed "anti-hippie and anti-black" sentiments might have backfired.[79] In his remarks when introducing Cash, Nixon joked that one thing he'd learned about the singer was one didn't tell him what to sing.[80]
. Johnny Cash was the Grand Marshal of the United States Bicentennial parade.[81]. He wore a shirt from Nudie Cohn which sold for $25,000 in auction in 2010. [82] After the parade he gave a concert at the Washington monument. [83]
Highwaymen and departure from Columbia Records[edit]




The Highwaymen members Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson


In 1980, Cash became the Country Music Hall of Fame's youngest living inductee at age 48. But during the 1980s, his records failed to make a major impact on the country charts, although he continued to tour successfully. In the mid-1980s, he recorded and toured with Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson as The Highwaymen, making three hit albums which were released beginning with the originally titled "Highwaymen" in 1985, followed by "Highwaymen 2" in 1990, and concluding with "Highwaymen – The Road Goes on forever" in 1995.
During that period, Cash appeared in a number of television films. In 1981, he starred in The Pride of Jesse Hallam, winning fine reviews for a film that called attention to adult illiteracy. In the same year, Cash appeared as a "very special guest star" in an episode of the Muppet Show. In 1983, he appeared as a heroic sheriff in Murder in Coweta County, based on a real-life Georgia murder case, which co-starred Andy Griffith as his nemesis and featured June Carter in a small but important role. Cash had tried for years to make the film, for which he won acclaim.[72]
Cash relapsed into addiction after being administered painkillers for a serious abdominal injury in 1983 caused by an unusual incident in which he was kicked and wounded by an ostrich he kept on his farm.[84]
At a hospital visit in 1988, this time to watch over Waylon Jennings (who was recovering from a heart attack), Jennings suggested that Cash has himself checked into the hospital for his own heart condition. Doctors recommended preventive heart surgery, and Cash underwent double bypass surgery in the same hospital. Both recovered, although Cash refused to use any prescription painkillers, fearing a relapse into dependency. Cash later claimed that during his operation, he had what is called a "near death experience".
Cash's recording career and his general relationship with the Nashville establishment were at an all-time low in the 1980s. He realized that his record label of nearly 30 years, Columbia, was growing indifferent to him and was not properly marketing him (he was "invisible" during that time, as he said in his autobiography).
 In 1984, Cash released a self-parody recording titled "Chicken in Black," about Cash's brain being transplanted into a chicken and Cash receiving a bank robber's brain in return. Biographer Robert Hilburn, in the 2013-published Johnny Cash: The Life disputes the claim made that Cash chose to record an intentionally poor song in protest of Columbia's treatment of him. On the contrary, Hilburn writes, it was Columbia that presented Cash with the song, which Cash – who had previously scored major chart hits with comedic material such as "A Boy Named Sue" and "One Piece at a Time" – accepted enthusiastically, performing the song live on stage and filming a comedic music video in which he dresses up in a superhero-like bank robber costume. According to Hilburn, Cash's enthusiasm for the song waned after Waylon Jennings told Cash he looked "like a buffoon" in the music video (which was showcased during Cash's 1984 Christmas TV special), and Cash subsequently demanded that Columbia withdraw the music video from broadcast and recall the single from stores—interrupting its bona fide chart success—and termed the venture "a fiasco."[85]
Between 1981 and 1984, he recorded several sessions with famed countrypolitan producer Billy Sherrill (who also produced "Chicken in Black") which were shelved; they would be released by Columbia's sister label, Legacy Recordings, in 2014 as Out Among the Stars.[86] Around this time, Cash also recorded an album of gospel recordings that ended up being released by another label around the time of his departure from Columbia (this due to Columbia closing down its Priority Records division that was to have released the recordings).
After more unsuccessful recordings were released in 1984–85, Cash left Columbia (At least as a solo artist; he continued to record for Columbia on non-solo projects until as late as 1990, recording a duets album with Waylon Jennings and two albums as a member of The Highwaymen.)
In 1986, Cash returned to Sun Studios in Memphis to team up with Roy Orbison, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins to create the album Class of '55; according to Hilburn, Columbia still had Cash under contract at the time, so special arrangements had to be made to allow him to participate.[87] Also in 1986, Cash published his only novel, Man in White, a book about Saul and his conversion to become the Apostle Paul. He recorded Johnny Cash Reads The Complete New Testament in 1990.
American Recordings[edit]




Johnny Cash sings a duet with a Navy lieutenant c. 1987


After Columbia Records dropped Cash from his recording contract, he had a short and unsuccessful stint with Mercury Records from 1987 to 1991. During this time, he recorded an album of new versions of some of his best-known Sun and Columbia hits, as well as Water from the Wells of Home, a duets album that paired him with, among others, his children Rosanne Cash and John Carter Cash, as well as Paul McCartney. A one-off Christmas album recorded for Delta Records followed his Mercury contract.
His career was rejuvenated in the 1990s, leading to popularity with an audience which was not traditionally considered interested in country music. In 1991, he sang a version of "Man in Black" for the Christian punk band One Bad Pig's album I Scream Sunday. In 1993, he sang "The Wanderer" on U2's album Zooropa which was the closing track. According to Rolling Stone writer, Adam Gold,"The Wanderer" – written for Cash by Bono, "defies both the U2 and Cash canons, combining rhythmic and textural elements of Nineties synth-pop with a Countrypolitan lament fit for the closing credits of a Seventies western." [88].
Although no longer sought after by major labels, he was offered a contract with producer Rick Rubin's American Recordings label, which had recently been rebranded from Def American, under which name it was better known for rap and hard rock. Under Rubin's supervision, he recorded American Recordings (1994) in his living room, accompanied only by his Martin Dreadnought guitar – one of many Cash played throughout his career.[89] The album featured covers of contemporary artists selected by Rubin including "Down There by the Train" by Tom Waits. The album had a great deal of critical and commercial success, winning a Grammy for Best Contemporary Folk Album. Cash wrote that his reception at the 1994 Glastonbury Festival was one of the highlights of his career. This was the beginning of a decade of music industry accolades and commercial success. He teamed up with Brooks & Dunn to contribute "Folsom Prison Blues" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Country produced by the Red Hot Organization. On the same album, he performed the Bob Dylan favorite "Forever Young."
Cash and his wife appeared on a number of episodes of the television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. He also lent his voice for a cameo role in The Simpsons episode "El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)", as the "Space Coyote" that guides Homer Simpson on a spiritual quest.[72]
In 1996, Cash enlisted the accompaniment of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and released Unchained (also known as American Recordings II), which won the Best Country Album Grammy in 1998. The album was produced by Rick Rubin with Sylvia Massy engineering and mixing. A majority of "Unchained" was recorded at Sound City Studios and featured guest appearances by Lindsay Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, and Marty Stuart. Believing he did not explain enough of himself in his 1975 autobiography Man in Black, he wrote Cash: The Autobiography in 1997.
Last years[edit]




Cash's original grave (top) and the Cash/Carter memorial


In 1997, Cash was diagnosed with the neurodegenerative disease Shy–Drager syndrome, a form of multiple system atrophy; according to biographer Robert Hilburn, the disease was originally misdiagnosed as Parkinson's disease, and Cash even announced to a concert audience that he had Parkinson's during a show in Flint, Michigan, on October 25, 1997, after he nearly collapsed on stage; soon after his diagnosis was changed to Shy–Drager and Cash was told he had approximately 18 months to live.[90] The diagnosis was later again altered to autonomic neuropathy associated with diabetes. The illness forced Cash to curtail his touring. He was hospitalized in 1998 with severe pneumonia, which damaged his lungs.
During the last stage of his career, Cash released the albums American III: Solitary Man (2000) and American IV: The Man Comes Around (2002). American IV included cover songs by several late 20th-century rock artists, notably "Hurt" by Nine Inch Nails and "Personal Jesus" by Depeche Mode.[91] Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails commented that he was initially skeptical about Cash's plan to cover "Hurt", but was later impressed and moved by the rendition.[92] The video for "Hurt" received critical and popular acclaim.[93][94]
June Carter Cash died on May 15, 2003, at the age of 73.[95] June had told Cash to keep working, so he continued to record, completing 60 more songs in the last four months of his life, and even performed a couple of surprise shows at the Carter Family Fold outside Bristol, Virginia. At the July 5, 2003, concert (his last public performance), before singing "Ring of Fire", Cash read a statement about his late wife that he had written shortly before taking the stage:

The spirit of June Carter overshadows me tonight with the love she had for me and the love I have for her. We connect somewhere between here and Heaven. She came down for a short visit, I guess, from Heaven to visit with me tonight to give me courage and inspiration like she always has.

Cash continued to record until shortly before his death. His final recordings were made on August 21, 2003, and consisted of "Like the 309", which appeared on American V: A Hundred Highways in 2006, and the final song he completed, "Engine 143", which was recorded for his son John Carter Cash for a planned Carter Family tribute album.[96]
Death[edit]
While hospitalized at Baptist Hospital in Nashville, Cash died of complications from diabetes at approximately 2:00 a.m. CT on September 12, 2003, aged 71—less than four months after his wife. It was suggested that Johnny's health worsened due to a broken heart over June's death.[97][98] He was buried next to his wife in Hendersonville Memory Gardens near his home in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
In June 2005, Cash's lakeside home on Caudill Drive in Hendersonville was put up for sale by his estate. In January 2006, the house was sold to Bee Gees vocalist Barry Gibb and wife Linda, and titled to their Florida limited liability company for $2.3 million. The listing agent was Cash's younger brother, Tommy. On April 10, 2007, during a major restoration of the property by the new owner, Cash's home was accidentally destroyed in a spontaneous combustion-ignited fire caused by workers using linseed oil products.[99]
One of Cash's final collaborations with producer Rick Rubin, American V: A Hundred Highways, was released posthumously on July 4, 2006. The album debuted in the No.1 position on the Billboard Top 200 album chart for the week ending July 22, 2006. On February 23, 2010, three days before what would have been Cash's 78th birthday, the Cash Family, Rick Rubin, and Lost Highway Records released his second posthumous record, titled American VI: Ain't No Grave.
Religious beliefs[edit]
Cash was raised by his parents in the Southern Baptist denomination of Christianity. He was baptized in 1944 in the Tyronza River as a member of the Central Baptist Church of Dyess, Arkansas.[100]
A troubled but devout Christian,[101][102][page needed] Cash has been characterized as a "lens through which to view American contradictions and challenges."[d][104][105] A biblical scholar,[2][106][107] he penned a Christian novel, Man in White, and in the introduction Cash writes about a reporter who, interested in Cash's religious beliefs, questions whether the book is written from a Baptist, Catholic, or Jewish perspective. Cash denies an answer to the book's view and his own, and replies, "I'm a Christian. Don't put me in another box."[108][page needed][109]
In the mid-seventies, Cash and his wife, June, completed a course of study in the Bible through Christian International Bible College.[56] Cash often performed at Billy Graham Crusades. At a Tallahassee Crusade in 1986, June and Johnny sang his song, "One of These Days I'm Gonna Sit Down And Talk To Paul." [110]At a notable performance in Arkansas in 1989 Johnny Cash spoke to attendees of his commitment to the salvation of drug dealers and alcoholics. He then sang, "Family Bible." [111]
He made a spoken word recording of the entire New King James Version of the New Testament.[112][113] Cash declared he was "the biggest sinner of them all", and viewed himself overall as a complicated and contradictory man.[114][e] Accordingly,[f] Cash is said to have "contained multitudes," and has been deemed "the philosopher-prince of American country music."[119][120]
Cash is credited with having converted actor and singer John Schneider to Christianity.[121]
Legacy[edit]




The clothes and guitar of Johnny Cash on exhibit in the Artist Gallery of the Musical Instrument Museum of Phoenix


Cash's daughter Rosanne (by first wife Vivian Liberto) and his son John Carter Cash (by June Carter Cash) are notable musicians in their own right.
Cash nurtured and defended artists (such as Bob Dylan[43]) on the fringes of what was acceptable in country music even while serving as the country music establishment's most visible symbol. At an all-star concert which aired in 1999 on TNT, a diverse group of artists paid him tribute, including Dylan, Chris Isaak, Wyclef Jean, Norah Jones, Kris Kristofferson, Willie Nelson, Dom DeLuise, and U2. Cash himself appeared at the end and performed for the first time in more than a year. Two tribute albums were released shortly before his death; Kindred Spirits contains works from established artists, while Dressed in Black contains works from many lesser-known musicians. In total, he wrote over 1,000 songs and released dozens of albums. A box set titled Unearthed was issued posthumously. It included four CDs of unreleased material recorded with Rubin as well as a Best of Cash on American retrospective CD. The set also includes a 104-page book that discusses each track and features one of Cash's final interviews.[122]
In recognition of his lifelong support of SOS Children's Villages, his family invited friends and fans to donate to the Johnny Cash Memorial Fund in his memory. He had a personal link with the SOS village in Diessen, at the Ammersee Lake in Southern Germany, near where he was stationed as a GI, and with the SOS village in Barrett Town, by Montego Bay, near his holiday home in Jamaica.[123][124]
In 1999, Cash received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Cash No. 31 on their "100 Greatest Artists of All Time" list[125][126] and No. 21 on their "100 Greatest Singers" list in 2010.[127] In 2012 Rolling Stone ranked Cash's 1968 live album At Folsom Prison and 1994 studio album American Recordings at No. 88[128] and No. 366[129] in its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time.
The main street in Hendersonville, Tennessee, Highway 31E, is known as "Johnny Cash Parkway."[citation needed]
The Johnny Cash Museum, located in one of Cash's properties in Hendersonville until 2006, dubbed the House of Cash, was sold based on Cash's will. Prior to this, having been closed for a number of years, the museum had been featured in Cash's music video for "Hurt." The house subsequently burned down during the renovation by the new owner. A new museum, founded by Shannon and Bill Miller, opened April 26, 2013, in downtown Nashville.[130]
On November 2–4, 2007, the Johnny Cash Flower Pickin' Festival was held in Starkville, Mississippi, where Cash had been arrested more than 40 years earlier and held overnight at the city jail on May 11, 1965. The incident inspired Cash to write the song "Starkville City Jail". The festival, where he was offered a symbolic posthumous pardon, honored Cash's life and music and was expected to become an annual event.[131]
JC Unit One, Johnny Cash's private tour bus from 1980 until 2003, was put on exhibit at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, in 2007. The museum offers public tours of the bus on a seasonal basis (it is stored during the winter months and not exhibited during those times).[132]
A limited-edition Forever stamp honoring Cash went on sale June 5, 2013. The stamp features a promotional picture of Cash taken around the 1963 release of "Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash. The Undertaker used Cash's version of "Ain't No Grave" at WrestleMania XXVII as his entrance theme.[133]
On October 14, 2014, The City of Folsom unveiled Phase 1 of the Johnny Cash Trail to the public with a dedication and ribbon-cutting ceremony attended by Roseanne Cash. Along the trail, eight larger-than-life public art pieces will tell the story of Johnny Cash, his connection to Folsom Prison, and his epic musical career. The Johnny Cash Trail features art selected by a committee that included Cindy Cash, a 2-acre (0.81 ha) Legacy Park, and over 3 miles (4.8 km) of multi-use Class-I bike trail. The artists responsible for the sculptures are Sacramento-based Romo Studios, LLC and the Fine Art Studio of Rotblatt Amrany, from Illinois.[134]
In 2015, a new species of black tarantula was identified near Folsom Prison and named Aphonopelma johnnycashi in his honor.
In 2016, the Nashville Sounds minor league baseball team added the "Country Legends Race" to its between-innings entertainment. At the middle of the fifth inning, people in oversized foam caricature costumes depicting Cash, as well as George Jones and Reba McEntire, race around the warning track at First Tennessee Park from center field to the home plate side of the first base dugout.[135]
The Johnny Cash Heritage Festival will be held in Dyess, Arkansas on October 19-21, 2017 [136]. It will build on the music festival held for four years on the Arkansas State University campus in Jonesboro. The festival honors Johnny Cash and explores the New Deal programs that shaped his childhood in Dyess, Arkansas. The Festival includes a concert in the field adjacent to the Cash Home and Arkansas roots music in the Colony Circle.

Portrayals[edit]
Country singer Mark Collie portrayed Cash in John Lloyd Miller's award-winning 1999 short film I Still Miss Someone.[72]
In November 2005, Walk the Line, a biographical film about Cash's life, was released in the United States to considerable commercial success and critical acclaim. The film featured Joaquin Phoenix as Johnny (for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor) and Reese Witherspoon as June (for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress). Phoenix and Witherspoon also won the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy and Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy, respectively. They both performed their own vocals in the film (with their version of "Jackson" being released as a single), and Phoenix learned to play guitar for the role. Phoenix received a Grammy Award for his contributions to the soundtrack. John Carter Cash, the son of Johnny and June, served as an executive producer.[72]
On March 12, 2006, Ring of Fire, a jukebox musical of the Cash oeuvre, debuted on Broadway at the Ethel Barrymore Theater but closed due to harsh reviews and disappointing sales on April 30. Million Dollar Quartet, a musical portraying the early Sun recording sessions involving Cash, Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Carl Perkins, debuted on Broadway on April 11, 2010. Actor Lance Guest portrayed Cash. The musical was nominated for three awards at the 2010 Tony Awards and won one.
Robert Hilburn, veteran Los Angeles Times pop music critic, the journalist who accompanied Cash in his 1968 Folsom prison tour, and interviewed Cash many times throughout his life including months before his death, published a 688-page biography with 16 pages of photographs in 2013.[137] The meticulously reported biography is said to have filled in the 80 percent of Cash's life that was unknown, including details about Cash's battles with addiction and infidelity.[138] The book reportedly does not hold back any details about the darker side of Johnny Cash and includes details about his affair with his pregnant wife June Carter's sister.[139]
Awards and honors[edit]
For detailed lists of music awards, see List of awards received by Johnny Cash.
Cash received multiple Country Music Association Awards, Grammys, and other awards, in categories ranging from vocal and spoken performances to album notes and videos. In a career that spanned almost five decades, during which he rose to recording industry icon status, Cash was the personification of country music to many people around the world. Cash was a musician who was not defined by a single genre. He recorded songs that could be considered rock and roll, blues, rockabilly, folk, and gospel, and exerted an influence on each of those genres.[citation needed]
His diversity was evidenced by his presence in five major music halls of fame: the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame (1977), the Country Music Hall of Fame (1980), the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (1992), GMA's Gospel Music Hall of Fame (2010) and the Memphis Music Hall of Fame (2013).[140][141] Cash was the only country music artist inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a "performer", unlike the other country members, who were inducted as "early influences".[citation needed]
His contributions to the genre have been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.[142] Cash received the Kennedy Center Honors in 1996 and stated that his induction into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1980 was his greatest professional achievement. In 2001, he was awarded the National Medal of Arts.[143] "Hurt" was nominated for six VMAs at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards. The only VMA the video won was that for Best Cinematography. With the video, Johnny Cash became the oldest artist ever nominated for an MTV Video Music Award.[144] Justin Timberlake, who won Best Video that year for "Cry Me a River," said in his acceptance speech: "This is a travesty! I demand a recount. My grandfather raised me on Johnny Cash, and I think he deserves this more than any of us in here tonight."[145]
Discography[edit]
See Johnny Cash albums discography, Johnny Cash singles discography and Johnny Cash Sun Records discography.
Filmography[edit]

Film

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1961
Five Minutes to Live
Johnny Cabot
Also titled Door-To-Door Maniac


1967
The Road to Nashville
Himself



1971
A Gunfight
Abe Cross



1974
The Gospel Road
Narrator/Himself



1994
Gene Autry, Melody of the West
Narrator
Documentary film; voice acting role


2003
The Hunted
Narrator
Voice acting role


2014
The Winding Stream
Interview subject[146]
Documentary film; archive footage



Television

Year
Title
Role
Notes


1959
Shotgun Slade
Sheriff
Episode: "The Stalkers"


1959
Wagon Train
Frank Hoag
Episode: "The C.L. Harding Story


1960
The Rebel
Pratt
Episode: "The Death of Gray"


1961
The Deputy
Bo Braddock
Episode: "The Deathly Quiet"


1969–1971
The Johnny Cash Show
Himself – host and performer
58 episodes


1970
The Partridge Family
Variety Show Host
Episode: "What? Get Out of Show Business?"


1973–1992
Sesame Street
Himself
4 episodes


1974–1988
Hee Haw
Himself
4 episodes


1974
Columbo
Tommy Brown
Episode: "Swan Song"


1974
Johnny Cash Ridin' the Rails—The Great American Train Story
Himself



1976
Johnny Cash and Friends
Himself
4 episodes


1976
Little House on the Prairie
Caleb Hodgekiss
Episode: "The Collection"


1976–1985
Johnny Cash specials (various titles)
Himself
15 specials


1978
Thaddeus Rose and Eddie
Thaddeus Rose
Television film


1980
The Muppet Show
Himself
Episode: "#5.21"


1981
The Pride of Jesse Hallam
Jesse Hallam
Television film


1982
Saturday Night Live
Himself
Episode: "Johnny Cash/Elton John"


1983
Murder in Coweta County
Lamarr Potts
Television film; also producer


1984
The Baron and the Kid
The Baron
Will
Television film


1985
North and South
John Brown
6 episodes


1986
The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James
Frank James
Television film


1986
Stagecoach
Curly Wilcox
Television film


1988
The Magical World of Disney
Elder Davy Crockett
Episode: "Rainbow in the Thunder"


1993–1997
Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman
Kid Cole
4 episodes


1996
Renegade
Henry Travis
Episode: "The Road Not Taken"


1997
The Simpsons
Space Coyote
Episode: "The Mysterious Voyage of Homer"; voice acting role


1998
All My Friends Are Cowboys
Himself
Television special


2014
Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music
Himself
BBC4 1969 Bio Documentary by Robert Elfstromg; archive footage


Published works[edit]

Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words, Zondervan, 1975; ISBN 99924-31-58-X
Man in White, a novel about the Apostle Paul, HarperCollins, 1986; ISBN 0-06-250132-1
Cash: The Autobiography, with Patrick Carr, HarperCollins, 1997; ISBN 978-0-06-101357-7[147]
Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament, Thomas Nelson, 2011; ISBN 978-1-4185-4883-4[148]
Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara, 2014; ISBN 978-0-930677-03-9[149]
The Man Who Carried Cash: Saul Holiff, Johnny Cash, and the Making of an American Icon by Julie Chadwick, Dundurn Press, 2017; ISBN 978-1-459737-23-5

Notes[edit]



^ Although Cash's voice type endured over the years, his timbre changed noticeably: "Through a recording career that stretche[d] back to 1955", Pareles writes, Cash's "bass-baritone voice [went] from gravelly to grave".[5]
^ For Cash, black stage attire was a "symbol of rebellion—against a stagnant status quo, against ... hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas".[11]
^ Schultz refers to this phrase as Cash's "trademark greeting," and places his utterance of this line, on Cash's At Folsom Prison album, "among the most electrifying [seconds] in the history of concert recording."[12]
^ Other appraisals of Cash's iconic value have been even bolder.[103]
^ Urbanski[115] notes that Cash's habit of performing in black attire began in a church. In the following paragraph, he[116] quotes Cash[117] as indicating that this habit was partially reflective of Cash's rebellion "against our hypocritical houses of God".
^ According to Urbanski, Cash's self-perception was accurate: "He never intended to be categorized or pigeonholed", and indeed he amassed a "cluster of enigmas" which "was so impenetrably deep that even those closest to him never got to see every part of him".[118]



References[edit]


^ Johnny Cash—Guitars and Equipment, Über Pro Audio, 2009, retrieved May 15, 2009 
^ a b Johnny Cash & June Carter, Last.fm, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Holden, Stephen (September 13, 2003), "Johnny Cash, Country Music Bedrock, Dies at 71", The New York Times, retrieved February 25, 2013 
^ Jones, Rebecca (January 14, 2014). "More Johnny Cash material will be released says son". BBC News. Retrieved February 13, 2016. 
^ a b c Pareles 1994.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. xiv.
^ Dickie, M. (2002) [1987], "Hard talk from the God-fearin', pro-metal man in Black", in Streissguth, M., Ring of fire: The Johnny Cash reader, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo, pp. 201–205 
^ a b c d Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 196 
^ Fox, JA (October 17, 2005), "Hard time's never a 'circus'", The Boston Herald, Baylor University, archived from the original on September 20, 2006, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Streissguth 2005.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Schultz, B. (July 1, 2000), "Classic Tracks: Johnny Cash's 'Folsom Prison Blues'", Mix, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Mulligan, J. (February 24, 2010), Johnny Cash: American VI: Ain't No Grave (album review), entertainment.ie, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ For discussion of, and lyrics to, Cash's songs, see Cusic, D., ed. (2004), Johnny Cash: The songs, New York, NY: Thunder's Mouth 
^ Miller 2003, p. 341.
^ Ellis, A. (2004, 01). The man in black: Johnny cash, 1932–2003. Guitar Player, 38, 31–32, 34.
^ "Johnny Cash's Funeral", Johnny and June Carter Cash Memorial, Buddy Case, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ "Reba Cash Hancock", Harpeth Family Funeral Services, Harpeth hills, retrieved January 16, 2009 
^ Millar, Anna (June 4, 2006), "Celtic connection as Cash walks the line in Fife", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ Cash, Roseanne (2010). A memoir. Viking Press. ISBN 978-1-101-45769-6. 
^ Manzoor, Sarfraz (February 7, 2010), Scottish roots of Johnny Cash, the man in black tartan, London, UK: The Guardian, retrieved April 12, 2011 
^ a b Miller 2003, p. 11.
^ Dalton, Stephanie (January 15, 2006), "Walking the line back in time", Scotland on Sunday, Scotsman.com, archived from the original on October 21, 2007, retrieved June 28, 2007 
^ Cash & Carr 1997, p. 3.
^ Streissguth, M. (2006), Johnny Cash: a biography, Philadelphia, PA: Da Capo, p. 6 
^ a b c d e f g Cash & Carr 1997.
^ Jack D. Cash, Find-a-Grave 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 31). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Gross 2006.
^ Abbott, William. "Johnny Cash – February 26, 1932 – September 12, 2003". Southernmusic.net. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ Johnny Cash: The Biography (pg. 42)
^ Malone, William; McCulloh, Judith (1975), Stars of Country Music, Chicago, IL 
^ Berkowitz, Kenny (June 2001). "No Regrets – Johnny Cash, the man in black, is back at the top of his game". AcousticGuitar.com (102). Archived from the original on August 12, 2008. Retrieved June 28, 2009. 
^ Johnny Cash Things You Didn't Know About Johnny Cash at Taste of Country. Retrieved September 24, 2016
^ Johnny Cash at TV People Retrieved September 24
^ Turner 2004, pp. 43–44.
^ Sweeting, Adam (September 12, 2003), "Johnny Cash", The Guardian (Obituary), London, UK, retrieved January 26, 2009 
^ Puterbaugh, Parke. "Essential Johnny Cash." Rolling Stone October 16, 2003: 78. International Index to Music Periodicals Full Text [ProQuest]. Web. June 12, 2016.
^ The Man in Black's Musical Journey Continues, NPR, retrieved February 9, 2010 
^ "10 Things you didn't know about Johnny Cash". Retrieved August 29, 2014. 
^ "Rainbow Quest". Richardandmimi.com. February 26, 1966. Retrieved August 1, 2012. 
^ "My Father and The Man in Black". Johnny-and-saul.com. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ a b Johnny Cash interviewed on the Pop Chronicles (1969)
^ Liberto, I Walked the Line: My Life with Johnny, p. 294.
^ "Major brush fire." Los Angeles Times, June 28, 1965, p. 1.
^ "Control of Brush Fire Near; 700 Acres Burned." Los Angeles Times, June 29, 1965, p. 27.
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). Johnny Cash: The Life. Little, Brown and Company. ISBN 0-316-19475-1. 
^ Johnson, Brett (November 18, 2007), "Cash's first wife tells of romance, heartbreak", Ventura County Star. Retrieved July 9, 2013.
^ Williford, Stanley and Howard Hertel. "Singer Johnny Cash Pays $82,000 to U.S. in Fire Case", Los Angeles Times, July 3, 1969, p. A3.
^ Johnny Cash, At San Quentin, Columbia Records CS 9827, 1969
^ "Past Winners Search". The GRAMMYs. 
^ "12 000 at LaFayette show", Rome News Tribune, LaFayette, Georgia: Google News, p. 5A, August 14, 1970 
^ Gross, Terry (2004). A man's voice. All I did was ask: Conversations with writers, actors, musicians, and artists (p. 34). New York, NY: Hyperion.
^ Zwonitzer, Mark (2002). Will You Miss Me When I'm Gone: The Carter Family and Their Legacy in American Music. Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-85763-4. 
^ Grant, Marshall (2005). I Was There When It Happened – My Life With Johnny Cash. Cumberland House. ISBN 1-58182-510-2. 
^ a b Cash, John Carter (2007). Anchored in Love. Thomas Nelson. ISBN 0-8499-0187-1.  Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "John_Carter_Cash" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ "Cash in Treatment", Orlando Sentinel, November 26, 1989 
^ "Inmate Merle Haggard hears Johnny Cash play San Quentin State Prison", history.com; accessed June 24, 2014.
^ Edwards, Leigh H. "Cash, Johnny." Grove Music Online. Oxford Music Online. Oxford University Press.
^ Cash, Johnny. "Johnny and June Carter Cash on Pete Seeger's Rainbow Quest". Youtube. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ Cash, J., & Carr, P. (1997). Cash: The autobiography (p. 408). San Francisco, CA: HarperSanFrancisco.
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (p. 597). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ "Johnny Cash – Bitter Tears – Ballads of the American Indian". www.discogs.com. Retrieved October 16, 2014. 
^ (1965). Johnny Cash and June Carter [Television series episode]. In Rainbow Quest.Pete Seeger. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQq0dw7rmtc
^ Look Again To The Wind: Johnny Cash's Bitter Tears Revisited. (July 8, 2014). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.sony.com/SCA/company-news/press-releases/sony-music-masterworks/2014/look-again-to-the-wind-johnny-cashs-bitter-tears-r.shtml
^ a b The Bitter Tears of Johnny Cash. (November 8, 2009). Retrieved October 16, 2014, from http://www.salon.com/2009/11/09/johnny_cash_2/
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 598–599). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ (1970). [Television series episode]. In The Johnny Cash Show.Johnny Cash. From https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yz7xYzEEZo&list=LLwSdCgA8WpUDjjX6Il2AhXA&index=3
^ Tahmahkera, D. (2011). Volume 63. In American Quarterly (pp. 592). Maryland: The Johns Hopkins University Press.
^ Burnett, John G. (December 11, 1890). "Birthday Story of Private John G. Burnett, Captain Abraham McClellan's Company, 2nd Regiment, 2nd Brigade, Mounted Infantry, Cherokee Indian Removal, 1838–39.". Creoliste. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ "Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian". The Bluegrass Special. August 2010. Retrieved November 4, 2016. 
^ a b c d e f Johnny Cash on IMDb
^ The Best of the Johnny Cash TV Show 1969–1971, Disc 1 (of 2), Reverse Angle Production, 2007 
^ a b Cash & Carr 1997, pp. 85–86.
^ "The good, bad and ugly of proposed uniforms", Navy Times, October 4, 2004 
^ Turner Publishing (2004). Lionel Trains: A Pictorial History of Trains and Their Collectors. Turner Publishing Company. p. 19. ISBN 1-56311-958-7. 
^ Allmond, Joy. September 13, 2015. Johnny Cash's Faith and Friendship with Billy Graham. Billy Graham Evangelistic Association. https://billygraham.org/story/johnny-cashs-faith-and-friendship-with-billy-graham/
^ Nixon Welcomes 'The Man in Black' to the White House, Nixon Foundation, April 17, 2011, archived from the original on August 22, 2011 
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 212.
^ Richard Nixon, April 17, 1970, released on Johnny Cash, Bootleg Vol. III: Live Around the World (Columbia/Legacy 88697 93033 2), released 2011
^ Halloran, R. July 4, 1976. "500,000 View Capital's Bicentennial Parade" New York Times.
^ Lot 756 of 982: JOHNNY CASH BICENTENNIAL SHIRT http://www.julienslive.com/view-auctions/catalog/id/15/lot/3115/JOHNNY-CASH-BICENTENNIAL-SHIRT
^ Willett, E. (2011).Johnny Cash: "The Man in Black", p.90. Berkeley Heights, NJ: Enslow.
^ Johnny Cash: The Rebel, Canada: Exclaim.ca, p. 3 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 500–502
^ Lewis, Randy (December 10, 2013). "'Lost' Early-'80s Johnny Cash Album Slated for March 25 Release". Los Angeles Times. Tribune Company. 
^ Hilburn, p. 506
^ Adam Gold, "How U2 Fell in Love With Nashville and Influenced Today's Country Music," Rolling Stone July 13, 2017 http://www.rollingstone.com/country/features/inside-u2s-love-affair-with-nashville-country-music-w491992
^ The Guitars of Johnny Cash, Fretbase.com, August 2008, archived from the original on October 1, 2008 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. New York: Little, Brown and Company, 2013, p. 568–570
^ Carr, Eric (November 7, 2002). "Johnny Cash, American IV: The Man Comes Around". Pitchfork. Retrieved May 12, 2017. 
^ "Geoff Rickly interviews Trent Reznor". Alternative Press. 2004-06-26. Retrieved 2016-06-21. 
^ Levy, Glen (July 28, 2011). "The 30 All-TIME Best Music Videos – Johnny Cash, Hurt". Time. Retrieved August 19, 2011. 
^ "100 Greatest Music Videos". NME. Retrieved 15 December 2012. 
^ "Country Star June Carter Cash, Wife of Johnny Cash, Dies at 73". 
^ Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life. (New York: Little, Brown & Co., 2013), p. 624
^ "Death from a Broken Heart". Medicine net. November 24, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Johnny Cash Dead at Age 71". About. September 12, 2003. Retrieved December 31, 2011. 
^ "Fire destroys Johnny Cash house". BBC.co.uk. April 11, 2007. Retrieved September 29, 2010. 
^ Johnny Cash, Man in Black, Zondervan, ISBN 978-99924-31-58-0 
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi.
^ Urbanski 2003.
^ Clapp 2008, p. xvi: 'Very few figures in recent history are seen as more representative of American identity as Cash ... His has often been suggested as the face that should be added to the select pantheon on Mt. Rushmore'
^ Clapp 2008, p. xviii.
^ Miller 2003, p. 227.
^ Stoudt, C. (June 9, 2009), "Review: 'Ring of Fire' at La Mirada Theatre", The Los Angeles Times, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Johnny Cash: Amazing Grace, Public Radio Exchange, 2010, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Cash 2008.
^ "Johnny Cash obituary", News, BBC, September 12, 2003, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Billy Graham Crusade, 1986, Tallahassee, Florida, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlXGSi4rxf8
^ Billy Graham Crusade,1989, Little Rock, Arkansas, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p5Sd_qcBSQ
^ Rivkin, D., ed. (2007), Johnny Cash reading the complete New Testament (audio recording) (deluxe ed.), Nashville, TN: Thomas Nelson 
^ Morris, E. (December 23, 2008), Johnny Cash's reading of the New Testament now on DVD, Country Music Television, retrieved January 20, 2010 
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. xx–xxi.
^ Urbanski 2003, p. 39.
^ Urbanski 2003, pp. 39–40.
^ Cash & Carr 2003, p. 64.
^ Urbanski, D. (2010), "Johnny Cash's complicated faith: Unwrapping the enigma of the Man in Black", Relevant Magazine, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ Huss, J.; Werther, D., eds. (2008), Johnny Cash and philosophy: The burning ring of truth, Chicago, IL: Open Court 
^ Johnny Cash and philosophy, Open Court, 2007, archived from the original on March 28, 2010, retrieved March 22, 2010 
^ "Taking the Lead – Today's Christian". Archived from the original on April 10, 2008. Retrieved 2015-04-28. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link)
^ "Cash's "Unearthed" box set". billboard. Billboard Magazine. October 22, 2003. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Celebrities as partners, SOS Children's Villages, archived from the original on May 18, 2008 
^ "Johnny Cash", Supporters, USA: SOS Children's Villages 
^ Kristofferson, Kris. "Johnny Cash, No. 31". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "The Immortals: The First Fifty". Rolling Stone. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "100 Greatest Singers of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". 
^ Rutz, Heather (June 7, 2013). "Lima native creative director at new Johnny Cash museum". The Lima News. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Mississippi town to honor the 'Man in Black'". MSN.com. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ Soeder, John (May 19, 2010). "Johnny Cash's tour bus returns to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash Stamp Release Celebrated By Family". Huffington Post. June 3, 2013. Retrieved June 3, 2013. 
^ "Folsom, CA – Johnny Cash Trail & Art Experience". www.folsom.ca.us. Retrieved 2017-01-13. 
^ "Opening Night at First Tennessee Park". The Tennessean. April 7, 2016. Retrieved April 8, 2016. 
^ Johnny Cash Heritage Festival http://johnnycashheritagefestival.com/
^ Hilburn, Robert (2013). Johnny Cash: The Life (Deckle Edge). New York City: Little Brown and Company. ISBN 978-0-316-19475-4. 
^ Kinchen, David (November 3, 2013). "BOOK REVIEW: 'Johnny Cash': Meticulous Attention to Facts Sets Robert Hilburn's Biography Apart". Huntington News. Retrieved December 12, 2013. 
^ Hilburn, Robert (October 29, 2013). "Interview: Robert Hilburn, Author Of 'Johnny Cash: The Life'". NPR. Retrieved April 25, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Country Music Hall of Fame 
^ "Johnny Cash", Inductees, Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 
^ "RHOF Inductees with Certificates". Rockabilly Hall of Fame. Retrieved December 31, 2007. 
^ "Lifetime Honors", National Medal of Arts 
^ "Johnny Cash – Memories Shared". Songstuff. Retrieved June 27, 2013. 
^ "Quotables "August 29, 2003 Justin Timberlake on Johnny Cash"". Archived from the original on April 7, 2014. Retrieved April 5, 2014. 
^ "The Winding Stream (2014)". IMDb. Retrieved November 9, 2015. 
^ "Johnny Cash – Cash: The Autobiography of Johnny Cash Review". SocialBookshelves.com. Retrieved July 13, 2014. 
^ "Johnny Cash Reads the New Testament". barnesandnoble.com. Retrieved November 24, 2014. 
^ "Recollections by Johnny Cash, edited by daughter Tara". Retrieved September 9, 2015. 


Bibliography[edit]


Clapp, R (2008), Johnny Cash and the great American contradiction: Christianity and the battle for the soul of a nation, Louisville, KY: Westminster John Knox, ISBN 978-0-664-23657-1 .
D'Ambrosio, Antonino (2009), A Heartbeat and A Guitar: Johnny Cash and the Making of Bitter Tears, Perseus Books/Nation Books, ISBN 978-1-56858-407-2 .
Gross, Terry (2006), All I Did Was Ask: Conversations with Writers, Actors, Musicians, and Artists, Hyperion, ISBN 1-4013-0010-3 .
Holmes, Cynthia S. (January 2004), "Remembering H Dale Jackson", Connect (newsletter), The CBF of Missouri, p. 2 .
Millier, William, "Awards", Johnny Cash, archived from the original on October 10, 2004, retrieved September 7, 2004 .
Miller, Stephen (2003), Johnny Cash: The Life of an American Icon, Omnibus, ISBN 0-7119-9626-1 .
Streissguth, Michael (2004), Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81338-2 .
Streissguth, Michael (2005) [2004], Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison: The Making of a Masterpiece, Cambridge, MA: Da Capo Press, ISBN 978-0-306-81453-2 .
Thomson, Elisabeth, "Cash, Johnny", Grove Music, Oxford Music Online, retrieved May 18, 2010 .
Turner, Stephen (2004), The Man Called Cash: The Life, Love, and Faith of an American Legend, Nashville, TN: W Publishing, ISBN 0-8499-1820-0 .
Urbanski, David (2003), The Man Comes Around: The Spiritual Journey of Johnny Cash, New York, NY: Relevant Books, ISBN 0-9729276-7-0 .


Further reading[edit]

Jonathan Silverman, Nine Choices: Johnny Cash and American Culture, Amherst: University of Massachusetts, 2010, ISBN 1-55849-826-5
Graeme Thomson, The Resurrection of Johnny Cash: Hurt, Redemption, and American Recordings, Jawbone Press, ISBN 978-1-906002-36-7
Christopher S. Wren, Johnny Cash: Winners Got Scars, Too, Abacus Editions, ISBN 0-349-13740-4
Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life, Back Bay Books, New York: Little Brown and Company, 2013, ISBN 978-0-316-19474-7(pb)

External links[edit]





Book: Johnny Cash





Find more aboutJohnny Cashat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Data from Wikidata



Official website
Sony Music's Johnny Cash website
"Inductee Johnny Cash", Candidates, Hit Parade Hall of Fame, archived from the original on January 6, 2008 .
Johnny Cash at AllMusic
Johnny Cash on IMDb
"Johnny Cash". Find a Grave. Retrieved November 30, 2013. 
Johnny Cash profile at martinguitar.com



Awards


First
None recognized before

First Amendment Center/AMA "Spirit of Americana" Free Speech Award
2002
Succeeded by
Kris Kristofferson


Preceded by
Buddy & Julie Miller
AMA Album of the Year (artist)
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn


Preceded by
Jim Lauderdale
AMA Artist of the Year
2003
Succeeded by
Loretta Lynn








v
t
e


Johnny Cash



Studio albums



With His Hot and Blue Guitar
Sings the Songs That Made Him Famous
The Fabulous Johnny Cash
Greatest!
Songs of Our Soil
Sings Hank Williams
Now, There Was a Song!
Now Here's Johnny Cash
The Sound of Johnny Cash
All Aboard the Blue Train
Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash
The Original Sun Sound of Johnny Cash
I Walk the Line
Orange Blossom Special
Everybody Loves a Nut
Happiness Is You
Old Golden Throat
More of Old Golden Throat
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash
The World of Johnny Cash
Man in Black
A Thing Called Love
Any Old Wind That Blows
Ragged Old Flag
The Junkie and the Juicehead Minus Me
John R. Cash
Look at Them Beans
One Piece at a Time
The Last Gunfighter Ballad
I Would Like to See You Again
Gone Girl
Silver
Rockabilly Blues
The Baron
The Adventures of Johnny Cash
Johnny 99
Rainbow
Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town
Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series
Water from the Wells of Home
Boom Chicka Boom
The Mystery of Life
American Recordings
Unchained
American III: Solitary Man
American IV: The Man Comes Around
Personal File
American V: A Hundred Highways
American VI: Ain't No Grave
Out Among the Stars





Concept albums



Ride This Train
Blood, Sweat and Tears
Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian
Sings the Ballads of the True West
From Sea to Shining Sea
America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song
The Johnny Cash Children's Album
The Rambler





Gospel albums



Hymns by Johnny Cash
Hymns from the Heart
The Holy Land
The Gospel Road (film soundtrack)
Sings Precious Memories
A Believer Sings the Truth
Believe in Him
Return to the Promised Land (video soundtrack)
My Mother's Hymn Book





Christmas albums



The Christmas Spirit
The Johnny Cash Family Christmas
Classic Christmas
Johnny Cash Country Christmas





Collaborations



The Lure of the Grand Canyon
Carryin' On with Johnny Cash and June Carter
Johnny Cash and His Woman
The Legend of Jesse James
The Survivors Live
Highwayman
Class of '55
Heroes
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes on Forever
VH1 Storytellers





Live albums



At Folsom Prison
At San Quentin
The Johnny Cash Show
På Österåker
Strawberry Cake
Koncert v Praze (In Prague–Live)
At Madison Square Garden
A Concert Behind Prison Walls





Non-gospel soundtracks



I Walk the Line
Little Fauss and Big Halsy





Compilations



Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
Heart of Cash
Greatest Hits, Vol. 2
Sunday Morning Coming Down
International Superstar
Five Feet High and Rising
Destination Victoria Station
Greatest Hits, Vol. 3
The Unissued Johnny Cash
Johnny & June
Tall Man
Encore
Biggest Hits
The Man in Black 1954–1958
The Man in Black 1959–1962
Come Along and Ride This Train
The Essential Johnny Cash (1992)
Wanted Man
The Man in Black 1963–1969
The Man in Black – His Greatest Hits
16 Biggest Hits
Love, God, Murder
The Essential Johnny Cash (2002)
Unearthed
The Legend
The Legend of Johnny Cash
Johnny Cash: Patriot
16 Biggest Hits: Johnny Cash & June Carter Cash
The Legend of Johnny Cash Vol. II
The Complete Columbia Album Collection





Songs



"25 Minutes to Go"
"Seasons of My Heart"
"Any Old Wind That Blows"
"The Ballad of Boot Hill"
"The Ballad of Ira Hayes"
"Ballad of a Teenage Queen"
"Big River"
"Blistered"
"A Boy Named Sue"
"Busted"
"Cat's in the Cradle"
"Cocaine Blues"
"Cry! Cry! Cry!"
"Daddy Sang Bass"
"Dark as a Dungeon"
"Don't Take Your Guns to Town"
"Engine 143"
"Flesh and Blood"
"The Folk Singer"
"Folsom Prison Blues"
"Forty Shades of Green"
"Get Rhythm"
"Goodnight, Irene"
"Green, Green Grass of Home"
"Greystone Chapel"
"Guess Things Happen That Way"
"Hey, Porter"
"Home of the Blues"
"Hurt"
"I Couldn't Keep from Crying"
"I Love You Because"
"I Still Miss Someone"
"I Walk the Line"
"If I Had a Hammer"
"If I Were a Carpenter"
"In My Life"
"In the Jailhouse Now"
"It Ain't Me Babe"
"Jackson"
"Kate"
"The Man Comes Around"
"Man in Black"
"The Matador"
"Oh Lonesome Me"
"One Piece at a Time"
"Oney"
"Orange Blossom Special"
"The One on the Right Is on the Left"
"Remember the Alamo"
"(Ghost) Riders in the Sky"
"Ring of Fire"
"Rock Island Line"
"So Doggone Lonesome"
"Sunday Mornin' Comin' Down"
"Tennessee Flat Top Box"
"There Ain't No Good Chain Gang"
"A Thing Called Love"
"Understand Your Man"
"What Is Truth"
"What'd I Say"





Television



The Johnny Cash Show





Family



June Carter Cash
John Carter Cash
Rosanne Cash
Carlene Carter
Vivian Liberto
Tommy Cash
Carter Family





Related



Albums discography
Singles discography
Sun Records discography
The Highwaymen
Carter Family Fold
Man in Black: His Own Story in His Own Words
Cash: The Autobiography
Johnny Cash! The Man, His World, His Music
Walk the Line
We Walk the Line: A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash
Ring of Fire (2013 film)
Ring of Fire (musical)
My Father and the Man in Black
Dyess, Arkansas
The Tennessee Three






 Book










v
t
e


The Highwaymen






Johnny Cash
Waylon Jennings
Kris Kristofferson
Willie Nelson





Studio albums



Highwayman
Highwayman 2
The Road Goes On Forever





Singles



"Highwayman"
"Desperados Waiting for a Train"
"Silver Stallion"
"It Is What It Is"












v
t
e


Members of the Grand Ole Opry






Roy Acuff
Trace Adkins
David "Stringbean" Akeman
Bill Anderson
Jack Anglin
Eddy Arnold
Ernest Ashworth
Chet Atkins
DeFord Bailey
Bobby Bare
Bashful Brother Oswald
Humphrey Bate
Dierks Bentley
Binkley Brothers' Dixie Clodhoppers
Clint Black
Margie Bowes
Rod Brasfield
Garth Brooks
Jim Ed Brown
The Browns
Carl Butler and Pearl
Archie Campbell
Bill Carlisle
Martha Carson
The Carter Sisters
Maybelle Carter
Johnny Cash
June Carter Cash
Roy Clark
Terri Clark
Zeke Clements
Patsy Cline
Jerry Clower
John Conlee
Stoney Cooper
Wilma Lee Cooper
Cowboy Copas
Dailey & Vincent
Charlie Daniels
Skeeter Davis
The Delmore Brothers
The DeZurik Sisters
Diamond Rio
Little Jimmy Dickens
Joe Diffie
Danny Dill
Jimmy Driftwood
Roy Drusky
The Duke of Paducah
Holly Dunn
The Everly Brothers
Lester Flatt
Red Foley
Curly Fox
Lefty Frizzell
Larry Gatlin
Crystal Gayle
Don Gibson
Vince Gill
Billy Grammer
Jack Greene
The Gully Jumpers
Theron Hale
Tom T. Hall
George Hamilton IV
Sid Harkreader
Emmylou Harris
Hawkshaw Hawkins
George D. Hay
Hoot Hester
Goldie Hill
David Houston
Jan Howard
Ferlin Husky
Alan Jackson
Stonewall Jackson
Sonny James
Norma Jean
Jim & Jesse
Johnnie & Jack
George Jones
Grandpa Jones
The Jordanaires
Doug Kershaw
Hal Ketchum
Bradley Kincaid
Pee Wee King
Alison Krauss
Little Big Town
Hank Locklin
Lonzo and Oscar
Bobby Lord
The Louvin Brothers
Charlie Louvin
Ira Louvin
Patty Loveless
Bob Luman
Loretta Lynn
Uncle Dave Macon
Rose Maddox
Barbara Mandrell
Kerry Marx
Martina McBride
Del McCoury
Mel McDaniel
Reba McEntire
McGee Brothers
Jesse McReynolds
Ronnie Milsap
Bill Monroe
Montgomery Gentry
Craig Morgan
George Morgan
Lorrie Morgan
Moon Mullican
Willie Nelson
Jimmy C. Newman
The Oak Ridge Boys
Old Crow Medicine Show
Osborne Brothers
Brad Paisley
Dolly Parton
Johnny Paycheck
Minnie Pearl
Stu Phillips
Webb Pierce
Ray Pillow
Ray Price
Charley Pride
Jeanne Pruett
Rascal Flatts
Del Reeves
Jim Reeves
Riders in the Sky
Tex Ritter
Marty Robbins
Darius Rucker
Johnny Russell
Rusty and Doug
Earl Scruggs
Jeannie Seely
Blake Shelton
Ricky Van Shelton
Jean Shepard
Ricky Skaggs
Mississippi Slim
Carl Smith
Connie Smith
Fiddlin' Arthur Smith
Mike Snider
Hank Snow
Red Sovine
Ralph Stanley
Marty Stuart
Texas Ruby
B. J. Thomas
Uncle Jimmy Thompson
Mel Tillis
Pam Tillis
Tompall & the Glaser Brothers
Randy Travis
Travis Tritt
Ernest Tubb
Justin Tubb
Josh Turner
Carrie Underwood
Keith Urban
Leroy Van Dyke
Porter Wagoner
Billy Walker
Charlie Walker
Steve Wariner
Kitty Wells
Dottie West
The Whites
Slim Whitman
The Wilburn Brothers
Don Williams
Hank Williams
Boxcar Willie
The Willis Brothers
Chubby Wise
Del Wood
Marion Worth
Johnnie Wright
Tammy Wynette
Trisha Yearwood
Faron Young












v
t
e


Country Music Hall of Fame 1980s






Johnny Cash (1980)
Connie B. Gay (1980)
Sons of the Pioneers (1980)
Vernon Dalhart (1981)
Grant Turner (1981)
Lefty Frizzell (1982)
Roy Horton (1982)
Marty Robbins (1982)
Little Jimmy Dickens (1983)
Ralph Peer (1984)
Floyd Tillman (1984)
Flatt and Scruggs (1985)
The Duke of Paducah (1986)
Wesley Rose (1986)
Rod Brasfield (1987)
Loretta Lynn (1988)
Roy Rogers (1988)
Jack Stapp (1989)
Cliffie Stone (1989)
Hank Thompson (1989)












v
t
e


Grammy Award for Best Spoken Word Album (1980s)






1980
John Gielgud - Ages of Man - Readings From Shakespeare
1981
Pat Carroll - Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein, Gertrude Stein
1982
Orson Welles - Donovan's Brain
1983
Tom Voegeli (producer) - Raiders of the Lost Ark - The Movie on Record performed by various artists
1984
William Warfield - Lincoln Portrait
1985
Ben Kingsley - The Words of Gandhi
1986
Mike Berniker (producer) & the original Broadway cast - Ma Rainey's Black Bottom
1987
Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, Chips Moman, Ricky Nelson, Roy Orbison, Carl Perkins, Sam Phillips - Interviews From the Class of '55 Recording Sessions
1988
Garrison Keillor - Lake Wobegon Days
1989
Jesse Jackson - Speech by Rev. Jesse Jackson









Complete list
(1959 & 1960s)
(1970s)
(1980s)
(1990s)
(2000s)
(2010s)













v
t
e


Kennedy Center Honorees (1990s)



1990



Dizzy Gillespie
Katharine Hepburn
Risë Stevens
Jule Styne
Billy Wilder





1991



Roy Acuff
Betty Comden and Adolph Green
Fayard and Harold Nicholas
Gregory Peck
Robert Shaw





1992



Lionel Hampton
Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward
Ginger Rogers
Mstislav Rostropovich
Paul Taylor





1993



Johnny Carson
Arthur Mitchell
Sir Georg Solti
Stephen Sondheim
Marion Williams





1994



Kirk Douglas
Aretha Franklin
Morton Gould
Harold Prince
Pete Seeger





1995



Jacques d'Amboise
Marilyn Horne
B.B. King
Sidney Poitier
Neil Simon





1996



Edward Albee
Benny Carter
Johnny Cash
Jack Lemmon
Maria Tallchief





1997



Lauren Bacall
Bob Dylan
Charlton Heston
Jessye Norman
Edward Villella





1998



Bill Cosby
Fred Ebb and John Kander
Willie Nelson
André Previn
Shirley Temple Black





1999



Victor Borge
Sean Connery
Judith Jamison
Jason Robards
Stevie Wonder








Complete list
1970s
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s












v
t
e


Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 1992



Performers



Bobby Bland
Booker T. & the M.G.'s (Steve Cropper, Donald "Duck" Dunn, Al Jackson Jr., Booker T. Jones, Lewie Steinberg)
Johnny Cash
The Isley Brothers (Ernie Isley, Marvin Isley, O'Kelly Isley Jr., Ronald Isley, Rudolph Isley, Chris Jasper)
The Jimi Hendrix Experience (Jimi Hendrix, Mitch Mitchell, Noel Redding)
Sam & Dave (Sam Moore, Dave Prater)
The Yardbirds (Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, Chris Dreja, Jim McCarty, Jimmy Page, Keith Relf, Paul Samwell-Smith)





Early influences



Elmore James
Professor Longhair





Non-performers
(Ahmet Ertegun Award)



Leo Fender
Bill Graham
Doc Pomus









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 27251336
LCCN: n79018367
ISNI: 0000 0001 0882 3456
GND: 118519433
SELIBR: 182765
SUDOC: 077442083
BNF: cb13892236v (data)
BIBSYS: 90131809
MusicBrainz: d43d12a1-2dc9-4257-a2fd-0a3bb1081b86
NLA: 35853535
NKC: jn19990001359
BNE: XX881565










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Johnny_Cash&oldid=792513053"					
Categories: Johnny Cash1932 births2003 deaths20th-century American singers21st-century American singersMale actors from ArkansasAmerican autobiographersAmerican bass-baritonesAmerican country guitaristsAmerican country singersAmerican country singer-songwritersAmerican folk guitaristsAmerican folk singersAmerican male film actorsAmerican male singersAmerican male television actorsAmerican male voice actorsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican performers of Christian musicAmerican ChristiansAmerican acoustic guitaristsAmerican male guitaristsBurials in TennesseeCash–Carter familyCharly Records artistsColumbia Records artistsCountry Music Hall of Fame inducteesCountry musicians from ArkansasDeaths from diabetesDisease-related deaths in TennesseeGrammy Award winnersGrammy Legend AwardGrammy Lifetime Achievement Award winnersGrand Ole Opry membersKennedy Center honoreesMembers of the Country Music AssociationNative Americans' rights activistsPeople from Cleveland County, ArkansasMusicians from Nashville, TennesseePeople from Hendersonville, TennesseePeople from Sumner County, TennesseeRock and roll musiciansRock and Roll Hall of Fame inducteesSun Records artistsThe Highwaymen (country supergroup) membersTennessee DemocratsUnited States Air Force airmenGuitarists from ArkansasGuitarists from TennesseePeople from ArkansasGospel singersHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsPages with duplicate reference namesCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownUse mdy dates from November 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2016Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2012Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from January 2016Articles with unsourced statements from June 2014Articles with unsourced statements from May 2017Find a Grave template with ID same as WikidataWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiersWikipedia articles with MusicBrainz identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaБеларускаяBislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàČeštinaChavacano de ZamboangaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschDolnoserbskiEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺한국어HawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaქართულიKernowekKiswahiliLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuNāhuatlNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăRuna SimiРусскийSarduScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogไทยTsetsêhestâheseTürkçeУкраїнськаVènetoTiếng ViệtWinarayYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 23:54.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Johnny Cash Official Merchandise






























Register


 My Cart(0)













Johnny Cash
View Johnny Cash Reviews


Johnny Cash Men's T-Shirts
Johnny Cash Vinyl
Johnny Cash Posters & Prints
Johnny Cash Women's T-Shirts
Johnny Cash Baby & Toddler Apparel
Johnny Cash Bags & Wallets
Johnny Cash Kid's T-Shirts
Johnny Cash Guitar Picks & Straps
Johnny Cash Hats & Headwear



Johnny Cash Official Merchandise


view all
            Johnny Cash Categories
        




                    Men's T-Shirts
                




                    Vinyl
                




                    Posters & Prints
                




                    Women's T-Shirts
                




                    Baby & Toddler A...
                




                    Bags & Wallets
                




                    Kid's T-Shirts
                




                    Guitar Picks & S...
                




                    Hats & Headwear
                




                    On Sale
                



            Top Johnny Cash Products
        




                Johnny Cash Country ...
                




                Johnny Cash Lock Key...
                




                Johnny Cash Hello To...
                




                Johnny Cash Guns To ...
                




                Johnny Cash Cash Lab...
                



            Top Johnny Cash Discounted Products
        




                Johnny Cash Cash Blo...
                




                Johnny Cash Cash Sho...
                




                Johnny Cash Walk The...
                




                Johnny Cash Stars Me...
                





            	Johnny Cash Product Reviews
        	



            info  click








"Awesome t-shirt!"



 3/16/2017
        Love it!

Was this review helpful?
 (1) Yes 
             (0) No




View More 





















MUSIC

CULTURE

ENTERTAINMENT

DEPARTMENTS

DEALS

TICKETS







Apparel

Men's T-Shirts
Women's T-Shirts
Men's Hoodies & Jackets
Baby & Toddler Apparel
Kid's T-Shirts
Women's Hoodies & Jackets
Pets



Accessories

Patches
Toys, Puzzles & Games
Buttons
Belts & Belt Buckles
Bags & Wallets
Guitar Picks & Straps
Hats & Headwear
Jewelry & Keychains
Wristbands
License Plates & Frames
Novelties



Home & Decor

Vinyl
Posters & Prints
Stickers
Magnets
Towels & Blankets
Office & School Supplies
Dolls & Action Figures
Kitchen & Home
Gift Cards
Turntables & Accessories






AC/DC
Aerosmith
Alice Cooper
Alice in Chains
Allman Brothers
Avenged Sevenfold
Beastie Boys
Beatles
Billy Idol
Black Sabbath
Blondie
Bob Marley
Brantley Gilbert
Bring Me The Horizon
Bullet For My Valentine
Cheap Trick
David Bowie
Dead Kennedys
Deadmau5
Def Leppard


Depeche Mode
Devo
Disturbed
Doors
Elvis Presley
Eminem
Foo Fighters
Foreigner
Frank Zappa
Grateful Dead
Green Day
Guns N Roses
Imagine Dragons
Insane Clown Posse
Iron Maiden
James Brown
Jimi Hendrix
Johnny Cash
Journey
Joy Division


Kanye West
KISS
Korn
Led Zeppelin
Lil Wayne
Linkin Park
Lynyrd Skynyrd
Mac Miller
Madonna
Maroon 5
Mastodon
Megadeth
Metallica
Misfits
Motley Crue
Motorhead
Muse
New York Dolls
Nine Inch Nails
Nirvana


Offspring
Outkast
Ozzy Osbourne
Pantera
Pearl Jam
Pink Floyd
Poison
Queen
Rage Against The Machine
Ramones
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Rob Zombie
Rolling Stones
Run DMC
Rush
Sex Pistols
Siouxsie And The Banshees
Slash
Slayer


Slipknot
Social Distortion
Sublime
System Of A Down
T. Rex
The Clash
The Killers
The Police
The Used
The Who
Thin Lizzy
Tom Petty
Tool
U2
Van Halen
Velvet Underground
Weezer
Woodstock
Wu-Tang Clan
ZZ Top
See All Music












Alabama Crimson Tide
Arizona Cardinals
Arkansas Razorbacks
Atlanta Braves
Atlanta Falcons
Auburn Tigers
Baltimore Orioles
Baltimore Ravens
Boston Bruins
Boston Red Sox
Buffalo Bills
Calgary Flames
Carolina Panthers
Chicago Bears
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Cincinnati Bengals
Cincinnati Reds


Cleveland Browns
Cleveland Indians
Colorado Rockies
Dallas Cowboys
Denver Broncos
Detroit Lions
Detroit Red Wings
Detroit Tigers
Edmonton Oilers
Florida Gators
Florida State Seminoles
Georgia Bulldogs
Green Bay Packers
Houston Astros
Houston Texans
Indianapolis Colts
Iowa Hawkeyes
Jacksonville Jaguars
Kansas City Chiefs
Kansas City Royals


Kansas Jayhawks
Kentucky Wildcats
Los Angeles Angels
Los Angeles Chargers
Los Angeles Dodgers
Los Angeles Kings
Los Angeles Lakers
LSU Tigers
Miami Dolphins
Miami Heat
Miami Marlins
Michigan State Spartans
Michigan Wolverines
Milwaukee Brewers
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Vikings
Montreal Canadiens
Nebraska Cornhuskers
New England Patriots
New Orleans Saints


New York Giants
New York Jets
New York Mets
New York Rangers
New York Yankees
North Carolina Tar Heels
Oakland Athletics
Oakland Raiders
Ohio State Buckeyes
Oklahoma Sooners
Ottawa Senators
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Pittsburgh Penguins
Pittsburgh Pirates
Pittsburgh Steelers
San Antonio Spurs
San Diego Padres
San Francisco 49ers


San Francisco Giants
Seattle Mariners
Seattle Seahawks
St. Louis Cardinals
St. Louis Rams
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Tampa Bay Rays
Tennessee Titans
Texas Longhorns
Texas Rangers
Vancouver Canucks
Washington Nationals
Washington Redskins
Wisconsin Badgers
See All MLB
See All NBA
See All NCAA
See All NFL
See All NHL
See All Sports









Apparel

Men's T-Shirts
Women's T-Shirts
Men's Hoodies & Jackets
Baby & Toddler Apparel
Kid's T-Shirts



Accessories

Belts & Belt Buckles
Bags & Wallets
Buttons
Patches
Hats & Headwear
Jewelry & Keychains
Wristbands
Toys, Puzzles & Games
Novelties



Home & Decor

Posters & Prints
Dolls & Action Figures
Kitchen & Home
Magnets
Office & School Supplies
Stickers
Towels & Blankets
Vinyl






A Nightmare On Elm Street
Anchorman
Archer
Army Of Darkness
Audrey Hepburn
Avengers
Back To The Future
Bates Motel
Batman
Batman V Superman
Battlestar Galactica
Betty Boop
Big Bang Theory
Big Lebowski
Bob's Burgers
Brady Bunch
Breaking Bad
Bruce Lee
Californication
Captain America
Cars
Cats
Cheech and Chong
Cheers
Child's Play
Clint Eastwood
Day of the Dead
Dazed and Confused
DC Comics
Deadpool
Despicable Me
Dexter
Diary of a Wimpy Kid
Disney Fairies
Disney Princesses
Dora The Explorer
Edward Scissorhands
ET


Evita
Family Guy
Fantastic Four
Fast Times at Ridgemont High
Ferris Bueller
Fight Club
Flash
Forrest Gump
Frasier
Friday The 13th
Friends
Frozen
Game Of Thrones
Ghostbusters
Glee
Godzilla
Gone With The Wind
Gravity Falls
Guardians of the Galaxy
Halloween
Happy Days
Harry Potter
I Love Lucy
Iron Man
It's Always Sunny
James Bond
James Dean
Jaws
John Wayne
Kill Bill
Knight Rider
Laverne and Shirley
Law and Order
Marilyn Monroe
Marvel
Melrose Place
Mickey Mouse
Minnie Mouse


Monster High
Monsters Inc.
Monty Python
Mork and Mindy
Munsters
My Little Pony
NCIS
Office Space
Old School
Once Upon A Time
One Tree Hill
Peanuts
Phantom Of The Opera
Phineas & Ferb
Planes
Popeye
Psycho
Pulp Fiction
Quantum Leap
Rambo
Regular Show
Reservoir Dogs
Rocky
Simpsons
Sixteen Candles
Sleeping Beauty
Sons Of Anarchy
Spider-Man
SpongeBob
Star Trek
Star Wars
Stargate
Suicide Squad
Suits
Supergirl
Superman
Teen Wolf


Teenage Ninja Turtles
Ten Commandments
Terminator
The Breakfast Club
The Fast and the Furious
The Godfather
The Hangover
The Hobbit
The Hulk
The Last Ship
The Mortal Instruments
The Muppets
Nightmare Before Christmas
The Six Million Dollar Man
Smurfs
Texas Chainsaw Massacre
The Three Stooges
The Walking Dead
The Wizard Of Oz
Thomas and Friends
Thor
Tinker Bell
Toy Story
Transformers
Twilight Zone
Ultimate Warrior
Winnie the Pooh
Wonder Woman
World War Z
Wreck It Ralph
X Files
X-Men
Zombie
See All Entertainment










Apparel

Men's T-Shirts
Men's Hoodies & Jackets
Women's T-Shirts
Women's Hoodies & Jackets
Baby & Toddler Apparel
Kid's T-Shirts

Pets





Accessories

Toys, Puzzles & Games
Belts & Belt Buckles
Bags & Wallets
Buttons
Patches
Guitar Picks & Straps
Hats & Headwear
Jewelry, Keychains & Lanyards
License Plates & Frames
Wristbands
Novelties





 Home & Decor

Posters & Prints
Dolls & Action Figures
Kitchen & Home
Magnets
Office & School Supplies
Stickers
Towels & Blankets
Vinyl Records
Turntables & Accessories

Gift Cards














About Us

Contact Us

Shipping Policy

Return Policy

Privacy Policy

T.O.S








All logos and images are the trademarks and/or copyrights of their respective owners and may not be reproduced.Rock.com is the registered trademark of Rock.com, Inc.EVENT TICKETS&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspGIFT CARDS&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspPLAYLIST&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSWEEPSTAKES&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspAFFILIATE PROGRAM&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspSITEMAP






Trustpilot
























	Johnny Cash (Specialty Products) Posters at AllPosters.com





   






 



 

 
























 

 

 

 







 

 
   Home/Entertainment/Music/Music by Style/Country Music/Johnny Cash/Johnny Cash (Specialty Products)    Johnny Cash (Specialty Products)(31 items)Itemitems       Narrow Your Results       Clear All Filters Size - + Clear Popular Sizes        Exact Size   in. in.      
                    Width:   
                    Height:    shape - + Clear Popular Shapes      ALL     Portrait    Color - + Clear Popular colors      ALL     Black and White     Blue     Brown     Neutral     Narrow by : Most Popular Johnny Cash (Specialty Products)Johnny Cash (T-Shirts)Johnny Cash (Wall Murals)Johnny Cash Tote Bags     /~/switchart/ http://cache1.allpostersimages.com/images/INTL/allposters/com/gallerypage/SwitchartUS_burst.jpg         The Johnny Cash (Specialty Products)  category contains 31 items Shop By Product Types      Novelty       Apparel       Wall Mural     
            Sort by:  
        Best Seller   
                Best Seller SortbyBestSeller 
                Width (Narrow to Wide)  SortbyWidth 
                Width (Wide to Narrow) SortbyWidth 
                Height (Short to Tall) SortbyHeight 
                Height (Tall to Short) SortbyHeight 
                Price (Low to High) SortbyPrice 
                Price (High to Low) SortbyPrice 
                Newest SortbyNewestFalse 
            Views:      
    Pages   
                Color:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Black and White 110210 
                    Blue 110206 
                    Brown 110209 
                    Neutral 110208   
                Shape:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0 
                    Portrait 110197   
                Size:   
        ALL   
                    ALL 0   
                Remove Filters #ffffff#000000                Johnny Cash- San Quentin Stars T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $24.99  Was $24.99   $16.24  (4 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Rock N Roll T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29  (2 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Mean As Hell T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Arrival (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $32.99  Was $32.99   $21.44  (4 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Cash Flippin' T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $24.99  Was $24.99   $16.24  (4 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Infant: Johnny Cash - Folsom Stripes Bodysuit Infant Onesie Infant Onesie 1 0 x 0 in   
                $24.99  Was $24.99   $16.24 
                         Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Original Rock-n-Roll T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29  (2 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Security (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $32.99  Was $32.99   $21.44  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash Wall Mural - 48 x 72 in Wall Mural 16 48 x 72 in   From
                $159.99  Was $159.99   $103.99  (1 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Juniors: Johnny Cash - MIB Racer Tank Womens T-Shirts Womens T-Shirts 1 0 x 0 in   
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29 
                         Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - The Finger T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $24.99  Was $24.99   $16.24  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Songs T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - American Guitar Picks Guitar Picks - 3.5 x 1.5 in Guitar Picks 1 3.5 x 1.5 in   
                $9.99  Was $9.99   $6.49 
                         Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Guns To Town T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29 
                         Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Folsom Prison (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall 
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94 
                         Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - One More Song (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94  (1 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Guitar Slinger (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94  (2 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash- The Bird (Raglan) Raglans Raglans 1 0 x 0 in   From
                $34.99  Was $34.99   $22.74  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Tank Top: Johnny Cash - The Bird Tank Top Tank Top 1 0 x 0 in   From
                $27.99  Was $27.99   $18.19  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Standing Tall (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Hello I'm Johnny T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $24.99  Was $24.99   $16.24  (4 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Presense (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Juniors: Johnny Cash - Flippin' Womens T-Shirts Womens T-Shirts 1 0 x 0 in   From
                $29.99  Was $29.99   $19.49  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Cash Guitar Picks Guitar Picks - 3.5 x 1.5 in Guitar Picks 1 3.5 x 1.5 in   
                $9.99  Was $9.99   $6.49 
                         Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Nashville Poster T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29  (2 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - The Bird Tote Bag - 14.5 x 15.5 in Tote Bag 1 14.5 x 15.5 in   
                $17.99  Was $17.99   $11.69 
                         Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Young Man Guitar Picks Guitar Picks - 3.5 x 1.5 in Guitar Picks 1 3.5 x 1.5 in   
                $9.99  Was $9.99   $6.49 
                         Usually ships in 24 Hours                   Johnny Cash - Smokin' (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94  (3 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Newport 1964 (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   From
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94  (4 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Johnny Cash - Off the Bus (premium) T-Shirt T-Shirt 13 0 x 0 in   Jim Marshall From
                $42.99  Was $42.99   $27.94  (2 other sizes available)     Usually ships in 3-5 Days                   Infant: Johnny Cash - Crawl Bodysuit Infant Onesie Infant Onesie 1 0 x 0 in   
                $21.99  Was $21.99   $14.29 
                         Usually ships in 24 Hours       Close + more product detailsBy:  See it Framed save to favorites add to cart   Ship TimeShip time indicates the typical number of business days it takes for your item(s) to leave our facilities but does not include transit time from our facilities to the final destination.Orders that contain multiple items with different ship times will be shipped out based on the item with the longest ship time.Please note:  Ship time is determined based on the method of payment chosen.This item cannot be framedLearn More Choose your size   Size Type Usually ships in Price      Add to Cart   Images:  
            36 
                12 
                24 
                36 
                48
    Pages    Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/52.0.2743.116 Safari/537.36False127.0.0.1www.allposters.com11US2559617A1EE7847058DB6BE3CB32A0B87USD%248401USD1cat=161130&search=161130&c=c&=%2c&gt=st&title=Johnny-Cash-Specialty-Products-Posters&N=161130+2161130&CatID=161130&No=0&cid=559617A1EE7847058DB6BE3CB32A0B87&authtoken=a5df0c583acc4a8982e7690b1242b54e&profileurl=%2fme%2fmqlbxd-z1h01zoriyaq3aq2%2f&accounttype=1&accountid=5456918226&Ns=P_SiteRank&Ntk=All&WT.cg_n=Gallery+BrowseTrue 











×
Get in on the good stuff



Please enter a valid email address.











Sign up now to get your exclusive discount.Email subscribers receive up to 40% off.








×
PSSST...
WANT TO SAVE 40%?



Please enter a valid email address.












No thanks. I don't like savings.



falseFilter







  Johnny Cash – Bramblitt
  






















































×
Join Our Newsletter



Get the latest updates about John and invites to all of his live-streamed painting sessions!























CONTACT US!
bramblitt@gmail.com





























Home
Johnny Cash


Johnny Cash
































This image is also available in limited edition.





16" x 20" Matted, $45 - $45.00 USD
11" x 14" Matted, $25 - $25.00 USD
5" x 7" Matted, $10 - $10.00 USD




Format



          16" x 20" Matted, $45
          






          11" x 14" Matted, $25
          






          5" x 7" Matted, $10
          








 





                        $45.00
                      






















Product Info
Shipping Info





Originals
Every original painting comes ready to hang upon delivery. Each original painting also comes with a Certificate of Authenticity (COA), that is both signed, wax sealed and thumb printed by me to ensure the paintings provenance As always, and in addition to the COA, every painting is documented and recorded with photographs and/or scanning. Every painting of mine comes signed with my symbol. I am often asked why I use a symbol instead of signing my name. From the very first painting I ever created I chose to use this symbol for a couple of reasons. The first is aesthetics -- a signature takes up a lot of space, and for some compositions this could be distracting. The other reason for using a symbol is, well... symbolic. When I first began painting I was very angry and depressed at losing my eyesight. The symbol stands for two eyes that are crossed out, and at the time it was a symbol of defiance. Quickly though, painting began to change how I felt, and the symbol became one of affirmation, a reminder that we can rise above our limitations.

Limited Edition Reproductions
Each reproduction is limited to a run of only 100 prints and created on artist canvas giving the same look and feel as the original. The painting is photographed producing the highest quality digital image that is possible. We then evaluate the image and do any necessary color correcting. We use the finest archival inks, and acid free materials in the creation of the print so that they will remain unchanged for generations. The print surface, unless stated otherwise, in on canvas. Not only does this allow for a much more durable and less weather sensitive print, but it recreates the surface of the original artwork so that both the look and the feel of the art print is accurate. 
Limited stretched prints - are constructed using premium artist’s canvas and ink. It is coated with a UV protected layer to provide the best quality that will stand the test of time. They are limited to a run of 100 and come with a numbered certificate of authenticity to ensure provenance. The letter is signed, numbered, thumb printed and wax sealed. Each stretched canvas print comes ready to hang with pre-installed saw-tooth hangers. Overtime if your canvas does gather dust, you may wipe it off gently with a clean, damp cloth.
Limited Rolled Prints - use premium artists canvas and inks as well as a UV protected layer to avoid fading over time. They are precisely cut to minimize fraying. Rolled prints will arrive in rolled in a tube with an extra 1-2” border of unprinted material for matting or stretching. They can be hung various ways, either by having a professional framer matte or stretch them. Your rolled canvas can be wiped gently with a soft, damp cloth if needed to clean dust. If you are an international customer you may want to consider rolled canvas because the shipping cost is much more affordable.
Provenance - Each limited edition print comes with a certificate of authenticity ensuring that this print is one of only 100 that will ever be produced in this edition. The certificate includes the print number, artist signature, artist thumbprint and wax seal. 

Regular Prints
Regular prints are reproduced on custom 264 GSM paper with pigment-based inks. They come matted in our bright white, acid-free, 4-ply white core mat boards. The purchase size includes the matte. For example if you purchase a 16”x20” print the image window is 11”x14”. I personally sign each matte in the bottom right corner.
 




Domestic Shipping
We use UPS Ground for most shipments and charge standard UPS rates. To get a shipping quote, add the items you wish to order to your shopping cart. In your shopping cart you can enter your zip code and shipping method to get exact rates before you place your order. Shipping prices are quoted based on UPS rates from Denton, TX 76205 to the specified zip code. Please note: UPS Ground transit is not guaranteed, delivery times can change due to volume or weather. Please allow for the processing of orders when configuring arrival expectations. Specialty prints such as limited edition prints can take an additional 7 to 10 days on top of the expected arrival date. We don’t include a receipt or invoice in the box and the only reference to the company is the return address if you choose to ship it directly as a gift. As soon as the item is shipped you will receive a tracking number via email.
International Shipping
Similar to domestic shipping, international shipping needs to allow for processing times. The customer/recipient is responsible for any and all applicable duties and taxes. Due to the high prices of international shipping I recommend looking at the limited rolled canvas print option. These are delivered in a tube rather than a large box allowing for more reasonable shipping cost. If a purchase is made and it is delivered according to the tracking information but never picked up or received and sent back to me, the customer will be responsible for paying shipping costs a second time. Otherwise you will have the option to receive a refund on the cost of the prints, excluding shipping.
Returns/Refunds
I offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee in regards to the workmanship and quality of materials. I strive to deliver the best and most accurate reproduction of the original painting possible. If you encounter and issue with your order please contact me within 72 hours of delivery and let me know what is the issue. You will need to send photos of any damages so that I can handle it through the shipping company. Replacements will require the same amount of processing and shipping time as the initial order. For issues with international orders, if there is an issue on my end I will not hesitate to replace the order but for any shipping related issues please see the international shipping paragraph.






Related Products









Waiting for New Orleans
From $10.00 







Sanctuary
From $10.00 







Ray Charles
From $25.00 







Robert Johnson
From $25.00 







Bones
From $10.00 







Jimi and Jim
From $10.00 







Two Shots
From $10.00 







Coletrane
From $10.00 







Cobain
From $10.00 







BB King
From $10.00 







Willie and Trigger
From $25.00 







Is it the Wine or the Music?
From $10.00 



















Quick Links

Search
About Us



Contact Info

                Feel free to contact me if you have any questions or comments. 
bramblitt@gmail.com






We Accept















Shipping and Return Info

            We use UPS for most shipments and charge standard UPS rates. To get a shipping quote, add the items you wish to order to your shopping cart. Our return policy is to offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Please see shipping and return information under the product for more specific details.
          


Stay in Touch

            Sign up for my newsletter and I promise not to inundate your inbox.
          






















© 2017 John Bramblitt











Product Reviews: The Gospel Music of Johnny Cash CD 










































Hear about sales, receive special offers & more.You can unsubscribe at any time.


Enter email address














My Account

Wishlist

Help

Email Signup


Cart (0)  items
Checkout

Welcome to Christianbook.com! Sign in or create an account 




Search by title, author, isbn, etc.







Dollar Days- Shop $10 or Less





July Music Features





Flash Sale







Search within

All Products
Books
eBook
Music
MP3 Downloads
Accompaniment
Bibles
Homeschool
Gift & Home
DVDs
Christian Living
Children
Fiction
Software







Search



Bibles
VBS
Church
Bible Study
Books
eBooks
Fiction
Homeschool
Music
Kids
Toys
Gifts
DVD
Bargain



BestsellersPrayerChristian LivingSpanish ProductsMP3sVBSChurch SuppliesBible CoversFamilyGift CardsCatalogMembers















Browse

All Products

Music&times

Full-Album CD&times (3,996)









Refine by

Occasion▼▲4th of JulyChristmasEasterFallFather's DayGraduationHanukkahMother's DayNew HomePassoverPatrioticSt. Patrick's DayThanksgivingValentine's DayWeddingGenre▼▲A CappellaAlternative / ModernCelticChantChildrenChristmasClassicalComedyContemporaryCountry / BluegrassDanceEasterGospelHard RockHymnsInspirationalInstrumentalJazz / Big BandMessianic MusicMetalModern WorshipOperaPatrioticPopPraise & WorshipPunkR & BRap / Hip HopReggaeRockSacred / ChoralSkaSoundtrackSouthern GospelSpanishUrbanWeddingLanguage▼▲EnglishSpanishMedia Type▼▲CassetteCDDVDeBookSeries▼▲ABCDFGILMOPRSTUW2Theological Tradition▼▲Reformed
Author / Artist▼▲ 1 2 3 4 7 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y ZPublisher▼▲ 3 5 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W ZTop Rated▼▲1+ Stars2+ Stars3+ Stars4+ Stars5 starsPrice▼▲$0-$5$5-$10$10-$25$25-$50$50-$100$100 and upDiscount▼▲10%+ Off20%+ Off30%+ Off40%+ Off50%+ Off60%+ Off70%+ Off80%+ Off90%+ Off


Advanced Search Links

Advanced Search
Commentary Search
Bible Finder
Homeschool Finder
Song Search
Bible Study Search





                      
                

Product Reviews View Product Info


 

Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist  
The Gospel Music of Johnny Cash CD
Johnny Cash Johnny Cash Gaither Music Group / Compact disc 
$15.99
Retail: $19.99 Save 20%
($4.00)  5 Stars Out Of 5 3 Reviews Availability: In Stock Stock No: WWCD79384 







                    5 Stars Out Of 5
                



5 out of 5




5 Stars






                (3)
            



4 Stars






                (0)
            



3 Stars






                (0)
            



2 Stars






                (0)
            



1 Star






                (0)
            







Quality:




 out Of 5
                    





( out of 5)




Value:




 out Of 5
                    





( out of 5)




Meets Expectations:




 out Of 5
                    





( out of 5)







0%


of customers would recommend this product to a friend.






Write Review







SORT BY: 


MOST RECENT
OVERALL RATING
HELPFULNESS




SEE: 


5
25
50






Displaying items 1-3 of 3

Page 1 of 1







Miriam Maurer
Altoona,PA

Age: 55-65
Gender: female

 






5 Stars Out Of 5






June  6, 2009



Miriam Maurer
Altoona,PA



Age: 55-65
Gender: female
  
            When I bought the dvd for this I was disappointed with the fact that they didn't have the full song of Belshazzar on it so I bought the cd and now have it. So I am pleased with this cd.
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (0) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate















Mary Lewis





 






5 Stars Out Of 5






May 22, 2009



Mary Lewis






  
            Good, very good.  Johnny Cash and good gospel - can't get much better than that!
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (0) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate















Rich Perkins





 






5 Stars Out Of 5






June 21, 2008



Rich Perkins






  
            Highly recommended for Cash fans who want to get an insight on his life and spirituality in the years after the film "Walk the Line". I call it "Walk the Line-Part 2", His journey towards deep spirituality,it's all here. "The Gospel Road",Billy Graham crusades and his motivations.It's truly inspiring. Told in a straight forward way,it feels like John,an open and honest examination of his spiritual journey. I particularly enjoyed watching the interplay between John and June at the Billy Graham crusades. Also you can see how moved he was to be at the river Jordan. A treasure for Cash fans!
        














Was this review helpful?
Helpful Votes:

 YES (0) |
 NO  (0) 


Flag as inappropriate
















Displaying items 1-3 of 3

Page 1 of 1











Sign Up To ReceiveExclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time




Sign Up To Receive Exclusive Email OffersYou can unsubscribe at any time





Sign Up







Connect With Us








 Account

Checkout
Account
Order History
Wishlist
Cart
Subscribe Email
Unsubscribe Email


 Shipping & Returns

Shipping & Handling Rates
Easy Returns






 Services

Affiliate Program
Gift Cards
Membership
Self-Publishing


 Catalog

Catalog Quick Shop
Online Catalogs
Request our Catalogs







 Community

Social Media
Prayer Wall
Author Profiles


 About Us

Company Info.
Job Opportunities


 Help

Customer Service
FAQ






 Shops

Bibles
Homeschool
Bargains
VBS
Christian Living
Toys
Gifts
Kids
DVDs
Fiction
Music
Academics







Desktop Site










 1-800-CHRISTIAN1-800-247-4784(Outside the United Statesand Canada Call: 978-977-5000)




 Email Us


140 Summit St. Peabody, MA 01960





Tax Information for VT and LA Residents
Conditions of Use
Privacy Notice
© 2017 Christianbook.com, LLC
* 78 *




























Johnny Cash • Dollarsandart Prints • The Disruptives Collection




























































































 










Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn






YouTube






Instagram






Pinterest

jim@dollarsandart.com+ 971 4 425 7378SearchProduct was added to your cart




 


Johnny Cash$800.00 – $1,000.00

Johnny Cash was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author, who was widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. Choose from:
Standard Print
Signed limited edition.
Personalised Print
With a personalised message and hand embellished details.





Artwork Options

Choose an optionPersonalisedStandardClear 








Add to basket







SKU: D0017
Category: The Disruptives Collection





Description


Additional information


Reviews (0)



Description
Johnny Cash was an American singer-songwriter, guitarist, actor, and author, who was widely considered one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.


Additional information


Weight
1 kg


Dimensions
60 x 60 x 1 cm


Artwork Options
Bespoke, Personalised, Standard







Reviews
There are no reviews yet.




Be the first to review “Johnny Cash” Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Your rating
Rate…
Perfect
Good
Average
Not that bad
Very poor
Your review *Name * 
Email * 
 

Yes, add me to your mailing list. Notify me of new posts by email. 








Related products


Frank Sinatra
$800.00 – $1,000.00
Select options

Elvis Presley
$800.00 – $1,000.00
Select options

Mick Jagger
$800.00 – $1,000.00
Select options




Search for:




BasketProduct CategoriesGorilla Range
The Disruptives Collection
Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *




















 


 



















































































Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          
















Amazon.com: Books













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks














































































Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop




Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop






Shop by Category



More Ways to Shop










Arts & Photography







Biographies & Memoirs







Children's Books







Cookbooks, Food & Wine







History







Literature & Fiction







Mystery & Suspense







Romance







Sci-Fi & Fantasy







Teens & Young Adult









Amazon Charts







Customer Favorites







100 Books to Read







Award Winners







From Page to Screen







Start a New Series







Book Club Picks







Kindle eBooks







Textbooks







Audible










Books Home
























































































More from the Amazon Book Editors












Best Books of the Month




  
  Top 10





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Kids & Teens Books





  
  Mystery & Thriller




See all categories










Celebrity Picks




  
  John Grisham





  
  William Shatner





  
  Dennis Lehane





  
  Greg Iles




See all Celebrity Picks










Summer Reading




  
  Fiction





  
  Beach reads





  
  New in Paperback




See all










Best Books of 2017 So Far




  
  Top 20





  
  Children's Books





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Mysteries & Thrillers




See all










Books Bestsellers

						See more
					




Previous page






Undercover













	Danielle Steel, Alexander Cendese...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



1,129



$27.29 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.95  








From Sand and Ash


Amy Harmon

		Kindle Edition
	



1,487



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.49  








Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and...


Jamie Ford

		Kindle Edition
	



2,837



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








Everything We Keep: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



10,611



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








The Letter: The #1 Bestseller that...













	Kathryn Hughes




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,144



$13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








The Silmarillion













	J.R.R. Tolkien, Christopher Tolkien




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,117



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








The Orphan Master's Son: A Novel


Adam Johnson

		Kindle Edition
	



2,921



$17.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel


Mark Sullivan

		Kindle Edition
	



5,952



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Hangman's Daughter













	Oliver Pötzsch, Lee Chadeayne




	
		Kindle Edition
	



4,023



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.49  








Ready Player One













	Ernest Cline, Wil Wheaton...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



12,592



$31.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.95  








Camino Island: A Novel


John Grisham

		Kindle Edition
	



1,964



$28.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Beautiful Broken Rules


Kimberly Lauren

		Kindle Edition
	



846



$12.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








NO EXIT a gripping thriller full of...


TAYLOR ADAMS

		Kindle Edition
	



278



$2.99  








Before We Were Yours: A Novel


Lisa Wingate

		Kindle Edition
	



441



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








The Storied Life of A. J. Fikry: A Novel


Gabrielle Zevin

		Kindle Edition
	



5,436



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.12  








A Criminal Defense


Jr William L. Myers

		Kindle Edition
	



3,119



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Replay













	Ken Grimwood, William Dufris...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



801



$20.72 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  








The Beast of Yorkshire


Tammy Jo Burns

		Kindle Edition
	



21



$14.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  


Next page












Books Hot New Releases

						See more
					




Previous page






Little Boy Lost


J. D. Trafford

		Kindle Edition
	



511



$4.99  








A Beautiful Poison


Lydia Kang

		Kindle Edition
	



332



$4.99  








Secondborn (Secondborn Series Book 1)


Amy A. Bartol

		Kindle Edition
	



671



$4.99  








Stillhouse Lake


Rachel Caine

		Kindle Edition
	



3,233



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Sky Below: A True Story of...


Susy Flory, Scott Parazynski

		Kindle Edition
	



184



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








The Late Show


Michael Connelly

		Kindle Edition
	



246



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Beautiful Mistake













	Vi Keeland, Jessica Royer Ocken




	
		Kindle Edition
	



352



$3.99  








Capital Gaines: Smart Things I...


Chip Gaines

		Hardcover
	

$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.49  









Fractured Love: A Standalone...


Ella James

		Kindle Edition
	



203



$0.99  








Everything We Left Behind: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



286



$4.99  








Swink


Adriana Locke

		Kindle Edition
	



333



$3.99  








Kings of Broken Things


Theodore Wheeler

		Kindle Edition
	



55



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Son of the Cursed Bear


T. S. Joyce

		Kindle Edition
	



206



$0.99  








The Butterfly Effect with Jon Ronson













	Jon Ronson, Audible Originals




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	

$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.83  








I Can't Make This Up: Life Lessons













	Kevin Hart, Neil Strauss - contributor...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



304



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.95  








Mermaid (Kindle Single)


Jodi Picoult

		Kindle Edition
	



14



$2.99  








Wildfire: A Hidden Legacy Novel


Ilona Andrews

		Kindle Edition
	



214



$25.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.99  








You Do Something To Me


Bella Andre

		Kindle Edition
	

$5.99  








Church of the Small Things: The...













	Melanie Shankle, Ree Drummond




	
		Kindle Edition
	

$22.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








Battlefront II: Inferno Squad













	Christie Golden, Janina Gavankar...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



8



$31.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $26.95  


Next page












Most Wished For in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Finding Your Colors: Fine Art Adult...


Hertz Nazaire

		Paperback
	



11



$9.99  









The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck...


Mark Manson

		Hardcover
	



1,627



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.87  









Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family...













	J. D. Vance




	
		Kindle Edition
	



7,621



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $15.99  








Astrophysics for People in a Hurry


Neil deGrasse Tyson

		Kindle Edition
	



849



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.91  








Harry Potter and the Prisoner of...













	J.K. Rowling, Jim Kay




	
		Hardcover
	

$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.99  









A Gentleman in Moscow: A Novel


Amor Towles

		Kindle Edition
	



3,537



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.99  








The Identicals: A Novel


Elin Hilderbrand

		Kindle Edition
	



352



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Q&A a Day: 5-Year Journal


Potter Style

		Diary
	



1,437



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.65  









The Missing Ones: An absolutely...


Patricia Gibney

		Kindle Edition
	



1,380



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald...


Joshua Green

		Kindle Edition
	



56



$13.99  








She Persisted: 13 American Women Who...













	Chelsea Clinton, Alexandra Boiger




	
		Hardcover
	



272



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.28  









Quantum Physics for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



161



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.55  









Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind


Yuval Noah Harari

		Kindle Edition
	



3,371



$35.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.99  








You Are a Badass: How to Stop...


Jen Sincero

		Paperback
	



2,587



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.72  



Next page












Most Gifted in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Blindsided: The True Story of One...


James L. Ferraro

		Hardcover
	



9



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.62  









First 100 Words


Roger Priddy

		Board book
	



6,931



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Giraffes Can't Dance


Giles Andreae, Guy Parker-Rees

		Board book
	



3,062



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.33  










Goodnight Moon













	Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd




	
		Board book
	



2,942



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.32  










The Very Hungry Caterpillar


Eric Carle

		Board book
	



3,086



$10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.86  









Dear Zoo: A Lift-the-Flap Book


Rod Campbell

		Board book
	



2,306



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.15  









Puppy Birthday to You!













	Golden Books, Fabrizio Petrossi




	
		Hardcover
	



1,199



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.92  










Dr. Seuss's Happy Birthday, Baby!













	Dr. Seuss, Jan Gerardi




	
		Hardcover
	



461



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.15  










The Going-To-Bed Book


Sandra Boynton

		Board book
	



2,290



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?













	Bill Martin Jr., Eric Carle




	
		Board book
	



2,473



$7.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.85  









The Wonderful Things You Will Be













	Emily Winfield Martin




	
		Hardcover
	



1,192



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.13  









If Animals Kissed Good Night













	Ann Whitford Paul, David Walker




	
		Board book
	



883



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.06  









Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (Board Book)













	Bill Martin Jr., John Archambault...




	
		Board book
	



2,380



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.03  










Love You Forever


Robert Munsch, Sheila McGraw

		Paperback
	



5,962



$5.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  










Little Blue Truck board book


Alice Schertle, Jill McElmurry

		Board book
	



3,242



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.99  









Baby Touch and Feel: Animals


Dawn Sirett

		Board book
	



1,506



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.71  









Al Franken, Giant of the Senate


Al Franken

		Hardcover
	



872



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.80  









Camp Daze Mad Libs













	Roger Price, Leonard Stern




	
		Paperback
	



87



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.74  










Dragons Love Tacos


Adam Rubin, Daniel Salmieri

		Hardcover
	



1,841



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.69  









The Pout-Pout Fish


Deborah Diesen, Dan Hanna

		Board book
	



1,829



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.99  



Next page





























































































































Popular in BooksAward WinnersBargain BooksBest Books of the MonthBest Books of 2017 So FarBooks in SpanishChildren's BooksDeals in BooksSummer ReadingMore in Books100 Books to Read in a LifetimeAmazon Book Review BlogAmazon Books on FacebookAmazon Books on TwitterAmazon KindleKindle eBooksKindle DealsKindle UnlimitedSpanish Kindle eBooksTextbooksTextbooks StoreTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BooksKindle eTextbooks 

Show results forNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonBooksArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyCalendarsChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComics & Graphic NovelsComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationGay & LesbianHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMedical BooksMystery, Thriller & SuspenseParenting & RelationshipsPolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpSports & OutdoorsTeen & Young AdultTest PreparationTravelRefine byFormatPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionLarge PrintAudible Audio EditionPrinted Access CodeDigital Access CodeLoose LeafAudio CDBoard BookKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleAuthorVi KeelandRachel CainePatricia GibneyWizards RPG TeamLauren BlakelyK.L. SlaterMarcus SakeySee moreBook SeriesStillhouse Lake SeriesDetective Lottie ParkerClassic NotebooksEverything We KeepThe Extinction FilesSecondborn SeriesSea Breeze Meets Rosemary BeachSee moreLanguageEnglishGermanFrenchSpanishRussianChineseJapaneseSee moreAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAward WinnersCaldecott MedalMan Booker PrizeNational Book AwardNewbery MedalThe Pulitzer PrizeHugo & Nebula AwardsEisner AwardPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingPromotionBargain BooksAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionUsedNewCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock


Featured StoresFeatured StoresThe New York Times® Best SellersChina BooksLibros en EspañolStationery, Journals & Notebooks 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          








Jet.com - Prices Drop As You ShopSkip to navigationSkip to cartSkip to footerMy FavesPromotionsEasy ReorderWhy Shop Jet?Track Your OrderFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsFree shipping on your first order!Free Shipping Over $35 & Free Returns DetailsCATEGORIESRegister | Log InEnter Zip CodeAccountMy FavesEasy ReorderEasy ReorderMy ProfileOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutLog InRegisterEnter your zip codeMy FavesEasy ReorderMy ProfileMy FavesEasy ReorderOrder HistoryShipping AddressesPayment MethodsLog OutCat NavNeed help? We're available 24/7.1 (855) 538-4323|help@jet.com|FAQCompanyAbout UsCareersSell on JetJet AffiliatesJetCaresTech BlogDownloadSocialfacebooktwitterlinkedininstagramTips, Tricks, and Life HacksJet BlogGet the Offersemail iconSign up for our emailsFeedbackat sign iconSend us your feedbackCopyright © 2017 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 3:958:1501021979745:Version: 3:958:1501021979745:Privacy NoticeTerms of Use




Johnny Cash T Shirts | JohnnyCashStore.com General Store | Officially Licensed Merchandise




















menu displaysearch displayGift Certificates





Minimum Order: $10.00
 

Welcome to the JohnnyCash.Com General Store, home of the world's largest and most comprehensive assortment of merchandise, apparel, collectibles, music, video and much more!
Save gas, save the hassle of going to the Mall! Buy your gifts online at the Johnny Cash General Store. You'll find an amazing assortment of CD's, DVD's, apparel for men, women and pets, items hand-signed by Johnny Cash himself and much more. If something it out of stock, please email us at Sales to order or find out when it will be arriving.
Our merchandise is officially licensed by the Estate of Johnny Cash and collectibles are guaranteed authentic. Your support of our site helps to preserve and promote Johnny Cash's legacy to fans around the world and we greatly appreciate your support.
Enjoy your visit and come back again soon---we constantly add new merchandise!
 


SHARE US ON FACEBOOK!! 



     



INTERNATIONAL ORDERS: IMPORTANT NOTE! PLEASE READ THE DISCLAIMER ON THE RETURNS AND SHIPPING PAGE!!







© 2017, JohnnyCash.com   Web Site Content | Site AdministratorShop Order Inquiries  Subscribe to Newsletter |  Unsubscribe




 









×JohnnyCash.com Shopping Cart

Total:   $Continue ShoppingView Cart





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Check Into Cash














×Close
Rates & Terms	







Select your State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





    Max Loan Amount Online:Not Available


 

Online Fee Schedule










Unfortunately, we do not offer loans in this state.

We do not currently offer Online Payday Loans in this state.












Apply Now!
Close









×Close
Online Payday Loans FAQ's	






							Online Payday Loans FAQ's				






QDoes Check Into Cash offer payday loans online?

AAbsolutely. Check Into Cash offers fast cash advance payday loans through our simple online application. Our application is safe, secure and encrypted. We currently offer Payday Advances or Online Payday Loans in Alabama, California, Delaware, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.



QDoes it cost anything to apply?
ANo!  There is no application fee.



QDoes Check Into Cash work with other payday lenders?
AYes. Getting a cash advance fast in an emergency money situation is important.  If we cannot complete your loan request, we will give you the option to work with a network of lenders to get you a fast money loan as soon as possible.



QWhat is an online cash advance or payday loan?

AIt’s a short term, small dollar loan that gives you some extra cash before payday. The amount is usually between $100 – $1,000, depending on income level and state law limitation.



QHow can I find out if I qualify for an online cash advance payday loan?
AIt’s easy! To be approved for a payday advance, you only need:

Have an active checking account open for at least 90 days
Be at least 21 years of age (19 years of age in Alabama)
Be a citizen or permanent resident of the United States
Have a current home/cell and work phone number
Have a valid email address

*Oklahoma and Indiana residents must provide proof of a Social Security Number.



QHow much can I get?
AYou may qualify for a fast payday loan from $100 to $1,000. Maximum loan amounts vary by state and are determined during the credit decision process. 



QHow do I get the money?
AOnce your cash advance is approved, the money is electronically deposited directly into your active checking account.



QWhat if I don’t have a checking account?
ACurrently, Check Into Cash requires an active checking account in order to provide you with a payday loan.



QIs it safe to enter my account number or social security number on your website?
AYes. All of our application information is submitted on secure, encrypted pages.



QCan I still get a loan if I have bad credit?
AYes. If you’ve had bad credit in the past, you may still be able to get the money you need from Check Into Cash, so don’t hesitate to apply.



QDo you check my credit score?
ACheck Into Cash does not check the three major credit bureaus.



QHow long does it take to get an online payday loan?
AIt takes just minutes to fill out our online payday loan application! A conditional approval is given immediately on the website at the time of submission. Once the application is received, a customer service representative will then call you to verify your application information. If all information is verified, your funds will usually be available on the next business day.



QDo I need a fax machine or printer?
AIn the event we need additional information (such as a bank statement, pay stub or other form of payment), you may need access to a printer to print the supporting documents as well as a fax machine to send the documents back in some cases. Documents may also be emailed to customersupport@loanbyphone.com.  



QWhat if I don’t have any family to list as a reference?
AList another friend instead.



QHow much does it cost?
AThe fees will vary depending on the amount of your payday loan and your state of residency. See your states fee schedule on our Rates & Terms page for more details. 



QHow and when do I repay the loan transaction?
AThe loan amount and fee are withdrawn from your checking account automatically on the due date.



QWhat states are you licensed for online payday loan business?
AAlabama, California, Delaware, Florida, Idaho, Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin, and Wyoming. 



QDo you have to call my employer?
AYes, sometimes we do need to contact your employer to verify employment. We will not ask any personal questions – we will simply ask if you are employed there.



QHow long does it take to get a loan approved?
AIn most cases, you will know within 30 seconds if your loan request is pre-approved by Check Into Cash. 



QWhen will I get the money?
AIn most cases within 1-2 business days.



QWhat hours is the service available?
AWe accept requests for payday loans 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Our transactions are processed between 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM (EST) Monday – Friday. We can only electronically fund loans to your checking account on valid banking days (Monday–Friday). 



QWhat is a bank routing number?
AThe bank routing number is the nine (9) digit number on the bottom of your personal checks and is used to identify your banking institution. The routing number begins with 0, 1, 2 or 3.  If this number is not entered correctly during the online application process, it will delay the approval and funding process of your loan request.



QHow do I find my bank account number?
AYour bank account number is located at the bottom of your personal checks. Sometimes your check number is also found on the bottom of your check. Don’t include your check number with your bank account number. If this number is not entered correctly during the online application process, it will delay the approval and funding process of your loan request.



QHow will I know if I’m approved?
AYou will receive a pre-approval notice on the website. A customer service representative will call you shortly thereafter.



QCan I pick up the money at one of your stores?
AYou can choose to complete your loan online or at one of our convenient store locations, but be sure to select the appropriate channel prior to submitting your application. 



QIs my cash advance or payday loan transaction confidential?
AYes, but certain restrictions may apply. Please see our Privacy Policy for more information.



QCan I pay my loan early?
AYes, for an online payday loan, please contact a customer service representative at 877-577-7977 to arrange an early payoff.






Apply Now!
Close





               









Get Cash Fast

 Emergency Cash - Apply in minutes
 Application is fast and easy!
 Cash deposited to your bank account


 Apply Now

 Returning Customer? Log in here












 
Start Here!


* By submitting your information you agree to the terms
 of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Web Site Use. 








Email address



Last Name



Email address



Zip Code



Cell Phone



Apply Now
Returning customer? Log into your existing account here.






How it works

1. Apply Online

The process is quick, easy and confidential.


2. Electronically Sign



If you're pre-approved, e-sign your application to confirm your funds


3. Get Your Cash



Cash deposited to your bank account as quickly as the next business day.

Click here to start a new loan application




 What is a payday advance?
Payday advances are a safe and convenient way to allow you to stretch your buying power and help cover unplanned expenses. Whether you’re facing seasonal expenses like holiday bills and back to school costs or you need help with unexpected bills, or repairs, Check Into Cash can help.


 You have questions?
We have answers.
Check out our Rates & Terms and FAQs pages to learn more.
Rates & Terms
FAQs



The Annual Percentage Rate (APR) for payday loans varies in each state and depends on the advance amount, fees, and terms of the transaction. The APR for a $100 single-payment payday loan may range from 260.71% to 782.14% on 14 day terms. As a member of CFSA, Check Into Cash abides by the spirit of the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) as applicable to collect past due accounts. Delinquent accounts may be turned over to a third party collection agency which may adversely affect your credit score. Non-sufficient funds and late fees may apply. Automatic renewals are not available. Renewing a loan will result in additional finance charges and fees.
For online Customer Support please contact us at 1-877-262-2274.

Customer Notice: A single payday loan or cash advance is typically for two to four weeks. However, borrowers often use these loans over a period of months, which can be expensive. Payday loans and cash advances are not recommended as long-term financial solutions. To view a list of the states we service online, please visit our Rates and Terms page. For our privacy policy, please visit our privacy policy page. Notice to CA customers: Check Into Cash is licensed by the Department of Business Oversight pursuant to the California Deferred Deposit Transaction Law. Notice to OH customers: In Ohio, Check Into Cash operates as a registered credit services organization (CSO). The actual lender is an unaffiliated third party. CS.900185.000. In Ohio, Loan By Phone operates as a registered Credit Services Organization (CSO). The actual lender is an unaffiliated third party. CS 900138.000.Ohio in-store license. Notice to UT customers: For questions or complaints please call the Utah Department of Financial Institutions at 801-538-8830 (UT customers only). Notice to LA customers: If you cannot make payment when due, you can ask to enter into an extended payment plan once in a twelve-month period, but the request must be made before payment is due. Should your lender (Check Into Cash) refuse to enter into an extended payment plan upon your request before the due date, contact the Office of Financial Institutions at 1-888-525-9414 (LA customers only). TX customers: In Texas, Check Into Cash operates as a Licensed Credit Access Business (CAB). The actual Lender is an unaffiliated third party. Notice: An advance of money obtained through a Small Loan or Auto Loan is not intended to meet long-term financial needs. A Small Loan or Auto Title Loan should only be used to meet immediate short-term cash needs. Refinancing the loan rather than paying the debt in full when due will require the payment of additional charges. VA customers: CREDITCORP OF VIRGINIA IS LICENSED BY THE STATE CORPORATION COMMISSION. VA LICENSE # VTL-10.




















    















