



   Breaux Castleman | Isis Pharmaceuticals , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com








Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Breaux Castleman, Syntiro Healthcare Services Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





























Feedback





Breaux Castleman

Chairman/President/CEO,
Syntiro Healthcare Services Inc






Career History




Chairman/President/CEO
Syntiro Healthcare Services Inc, 8/2001-PRESENT


Senior Advisor
Mcnally Capital LLC, PRESENT


Chairman/Consultant
Mela Sciences Inc, 5/2010-12/2011


Chairman/Consultant
Electro-Optical Sciences Inc, 7/2003-5/2010


President
Scripps Clinic, 1996-1999


Pres:Physician Resource
Caremark Intl Inc, 1994-1996


Chief Executive Officer
Kelsey-Seybold Clinic, 1987-1995


Senior Advisor
Match Point Partners LLC, FORMER


Head:Houston Office
Booz & Co, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:

952 Echo Lane
Suite 445
Houston, TX 77024
United States


Phone:
1-949-923-3438


Fax:
-











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Yale University
Bachelor's Degree, Economics








Memberships



Board Memberships




Fempartners Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Nextcare Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Meddirect Inc


Board Member, PRESENT




Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 12/2015-PRESENT




Usmd Holdings Inc


Board Member, 7/2011-PRESENT




Syntiro Healthcare Services Inc


Chairman, 8/2001-PRESENT




Isis Pharmaceuticals Inc


Board Member, 6/2013-12/2015




Mela Sciences Inc


Chairman, 5/2010-12/2011




Electro-Optical Sciences Inc


Chairman, 7/2003-5/2010



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.

























 



 Breaux Castleman Joins Isis Pharmaceuticals’ Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Breaux Castleman Joins Isis Pharmaceuticals' Board of Directors

Jun 25, 2013, 16:05 ET
		  		  									
						 from   Isis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


CARLSBAD, Calif., June 25, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Isis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:   ISIS) announced today that Breaux Castleman has joined the company's Board of Directors.  Mr. Castleman is president and chief executive officer of Syntiro Healthcare Services, Inc., a health care investment company, which recently sold its operations as a service provider of integrated care management and disease management.  Mr. Castleman is also a director of USMD Holdings, Inc. and a senior advisor to McNally Capital LLC in Chicago. 
"We are very pleased to have Breaux join our Board.  Breaux has held executive positions in some of the nation's leading managed care provider organizations and has been a pioneer in creating innovative solutions to deliver value in the healthcare sector.  His successful enterprises in the medical industry have also provided him with a broad base of experience in delivering medicines to patients and productively working with payors," said Stanley T. Crooke, M.D., Ph.D., chairman and chief executive officer of Isis.  "Breaux' leadership and sound business judgment will be valuable to Isis as we continue to successfully implement our business strategy and evaluate opportunities within our pipeline to retain some of our drugs to later stages in development; thereby retaining a larger portion of the commercial upside of these drugs."
Mr. Castleman also serves as a director of FemPartners, Inc., and a senior advisor to Match Point Partners LLC in New York. Previously, he held positions as chairman of Mela Sciences, Inc., director of Med Direct, Inc., president of the Scripps Clinic, president of Caremark International's Physician Resource Group, and chief executive officer of the Kelsey-Seybold Clinic.  Prior to that Mr. Castleman was the head of the Houston office of Booz Allen & Hamilton (now Booz & Co.).
Mr. Castleman received a BA in economics from Yale University and attended New York University Graduate School of Business Administration. He has published articles on management issues in business and technical periodicals, including the Harvard Business Review, and has presented numerous papers and presentations to industry groups in energy, banking, healthcare, and agribusiness.
ABOUT ISIS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
Isis is exploiting its leadership position in antisense technology to discover and develop novel drugs for its product pipeline and for its partners.  Isis' broad pipeline consists of 28 drugs to treat a wide variety of diseases with an emphasis on cardiovascular, metabolic, severe and rare diseases, and cancer.  Isis' partner, Genzyme, is commercializing Isis' lead product, KYNAMRO™, in the United States for the treatment of patients with HoFH.  Genzyme is also pursuing marketing approval of KYNAMRO in other markets.  Isis' patents provide strong and extensive protection for its drugs and technology.  Additional information about Isis is available at www.isispharm.com.
ISIS PHARMACEUTICALS' FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT
This press release includes forward-looking statements regarding Isis Pharmaceuticals' business, and the commercial potential of Isis' technologies and products in development.  Any statement describing Isis' goals, expectations, financial or other projections, intentions or beliefs, including the commercial potential of KYNAMRO, is a forward-looking statement and should be considered an at-risk statement.  Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, particularly those inherent in the process of discovering, developing and commercializing drugs that are safe and effective for use as human therapeutics, and in the endeavor of building a business around such drugs.  Isis' forward-looking statements also involve assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove correct, could cause its results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.  Although Isis' forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment of its management, these statements are based only on facts and factors currently known by Isis.  As a result, you are cautioned not to rely on these forward-looking statements.  These and other risks concerning Isis' programs are described in additional detail in Isis' annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and its most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which are on file with the SEC. Copies of these and other documents are available from the Company.
In this press release, unless the context requires otherwise, "Isis," "Company," "we," "our," and "us" refers to Isis Pharmaceuticals and its subsidiaries.
Isis Pharmaceuticals® is a registered trademark of Isis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  KYNAMRO™ is a trademark of Genzyme Corporation.
 SOURCE  Isis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.isispharm.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 



 

 
 



















































  











Jul 02, 2013, 07:00 ET
Preview: Isis Pharmaceuticals to Present at the 8th Annual JMP Securities Healthcare Conference













Jun 23, 2013, 13:00 ET
Preview: Isis Reports Phase 2 Data on ISIS-APOCIII Rx Showing Significant Reductions in Triglycerides and APOC-III in Patients with High Triglycerides and Type 2 Diabetes






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.


















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search









































 


 


Breaux Castleman «  Match Point Partners







































































Search for:





 








Breaux Castleman

Advisory Board Member 
Mr Castleman brings a wealth of leadership experience to the Match Point team, having held executive positions in some of the nation’s leading managed care companies. He is currently the president and CEO of Syntiro Healthcare Services, Inc., a business process out sourcing, care management, and disease management company.
Previously Mr. Castleman was president of the Scripps Clinic in LaJolla, was president of Caremark International’s Physician Resource Division in Chicago, was CEO of the Kelsey-Seybold Clinic in Houston, and was a partner of Booz Allen & Hamilton in Houston.
He is currently a director of USMD Holdings Inc., (NASDAQ: USMD) an integrated delivery system in Dallas/Fort Worth, and a Director of Isis Pharmaceuticals, a drug development company,, and a senior advisor to McNally Capital LLC in Chicago, a private equity advisor firm. In the past, he was chairman of MELA Sciences, Inc (NASDAQ: MELA), a director of NextCare Inc., an urgent care clinic operator, director of Med Direct, Inc. a revenue cycle management service company. Mr. Castleman was graduated from Yale University with a degree in economics and resides in Houston and Washington DC.
 





< GO BACK







Home
Our Firm
Services
Our Team
Experience
Media
Contact Us


 New York 
Washington D.C.
San Francisco






Securities offered through Manor Park Securities LLC. Member FINRA / SIPC
2016 Match Point Partners LLC.All Rights Reserved.













 







Breaux Castleman — McNally Capital



























































Breaux Castleman

SENIOR ADVISOR






Mr. Castleman was President and CEO of Syntiro Healthcare Services, Inc., a business process outsourcing, care management, and disease management company. Prior to that, Breaux was CEO of Physia Corporation, which developed physician practice management software. Breaux also served as President and COO of the Scripps Clinic, a 300-physician multispecialty medical group practice in San Diego. Breaux was President of the Physician Resources Division of Caremark International in Chicago, where through acquisition of physician practices he grew the business from $180m in revenue to $940m and effected acquisitions in 6 states with a notional value in excess of $450m. Prior to that, Breaux was CEO of the Kelsey-Seybold Clinic in Houston, a 400-physician multispecialty medical group with 24 locations. Before entering healthcare, Breaux was the partner in charge of the Houston office of Booz Allen Hamilton, consulting to the energy, banking and specialty chemicals business. He is currently a Director of FemPartners, Inc., a physician practice management company in Houston, and Chairman of Electro-Optical Sciences, Inc., (NASDAQ: MELA) a development-stage diagnostic medical device company in Irvington, NY. Breaux is a board director of USMD Holdings Inc., a physician practice management company in Dallas which coordinates care across physicians, hospitals and other specialty practices to create an integrated care platform.  Breaux is also on the board of Advanced Micro Instruments, a portfolio company of McNally Capital. Breaux received a BA in economics from Yale University and attended New York University Graduate School of Business Administration. He has published articles on management issues in business and technical periodicals, including the Harvard Business Review, and has presented numerous papers and presentations to industry groups in energy, banking, healthcare, and agribusiness.













403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




