








































Investor Log In








PARTNERSHIP
Our relationships with investors, bank partners, and regulators are integral to our success.


COMMITMENT
We are committed to the long-term success of community banking.


DISCIPLINE
Our discipline results in a deliberate, focused, and repeatable investment process. 






Our Firm
Castle Creek Capital is an alternative asset manager focused on the community banking industry. Through a series of funds and separately managed accounts, we invest at all levels of a bank’s capital structure in support of recapitalization, growth, and consolidation opportunities. Castle Creek also deploys capital for special situations, allowing us to capitalize on market dislocations. The firm currently has over $750 million in assets under management and has raised and directly invested over $1 billion in capital since 1990.
Learn More


Our Investors
Castle Creek is a trusted partner to top institutional investors, including public and corporate pension plans and academic, cultural, and charitable organizations. In addition to our flagship private equity funds, Castle Creek’s customized investment services and offerings in community banking provide investors with targeted sector exposure while providing flexibility in balancing individual risk-return considerations.
Learn More
Investor Log In








© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy












John Eggemeyer | 











































Investor Log In





Team



Castle Creek® consists of a team of banking professionals that has meaningful experience operating banks ranging in asset size from $250 million to roughly $100 billion. In addition, the team has completed over 65 bank investments through a variety of strategies including buyouts, growth equity, and recapitalizations. Click below to view the profiles of our professional team.
Investment Team

John Eggemeyer, Managing Principal
John T. Pietrzak, CFA, Managing Principal
Mike Thomas, Managing Principal
Mark Merlo, Managing Principal
Tony Scavuzzo, CFA, Principal
David J. Volk, Principal
Sundeep Rana, Principal
Spencer T. Cohn, Senior Associate
Michael T. Thaden, Associate
Matthew Roberts, Analyst

Other Professionals

Martin Szumski, Chief Financial Officer
Daniel J. Davis, Senior Advisor



John M. Eggemeyer is a Founder and Managing Principal of Castle Creek® Capital LLC which has been a lead investor in the banking industry since 1990. The firm is currently one of the most active investors in community banking with in excess of $900 million in assets under management in private equity.  Mr. Eggemeyer has over 40 years of experience in the banking industry and has been involved in more than 75 bank acquisitions.  In 2006, the American Banker honored Mr. Eggemeyer as “Community Banker of the Year” for his success as a builder of community banking companies.  Prior to founding Castle Creek®, Mr. Eggemeyer spent nearly 20 years as a senior executive with some of the largest banking organizations in the U.S. with responsibilities across a broad spectrum of banking activities.

Mr. Eggemeyer has served as the Chairman of PacWest Bancorp since its formation in 2000, is a founder and Director of Guaranty Bancorp and a Board member of The Bancorp.  Previously, he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of White River Capital and a Board member of TCF Financial Corporation, Western Bancorp and American Financial Realty.
Mr. Eggemeyer’s civic and philanthropic efforts have been focused in the areas of improving the quality of instruction in education and expanding educational opportunities for lower income students. He was a founder and past President of the Rancho Santa Fe Community School Endowment and was a member of the Rancho Santa Fe School Site Selection Committee.  He also helped establish the Minnesota Charter of A Better Chance, a national organization committed to creating improved educational opportunities for minority high school students.  Mr. Eggemeyer is a Life Trustee of Northwestern University where he serves on the Innovation / Entrepreneurship and Investment Committees and is a past Trustee of the Bishop’s School of La Jolla, California. He and his wife, Martha, previously served on the Parent Advisory Board at Stanford University.
Mr. Eggemeyer holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Northwestern University and an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
Add vCard to Contacts













© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy












Fund IV | 







































Investor Log In





Posted In Fund IV







Guaranty Bancorp Announces Second Consecutive Quarter of Record Net Income and the Signing of a Definitive Agreement to Acquire Castle Rock Bank Holding Company

Posted 07/19/2017
Castle Creek
 No comments 

DENVER, CO–(Marketwired)–Guaranty Bancorp (NASDAQ: GBNK), a community bank holding company based in Colorado, today announced second quarter 2017 net income of $10.1 million, or $0.36 per basic and diluted common share, compared to $5.7 million, or $0.27 per basic and diluted common share in the second quarter 2016. For the six months ended June 30, 2017, net income was $20.0 CONTINUE READING >> 






Southern National Bancorp of Virginia, Inc. and Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. Announce Closing of Merger

Posted 06/23/2017
Castle Creek
 No comments 

MCLEAN, Va. and RICHMOND, Va.–(GLOBE NEWSWIRE)–Southern National Bancorp of Virginia, Inc. (NASDAQ:SONA) (“Southern National”) and Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:EVBS) (“Eastern Virginia”) jointly announced today the completion of the merger of Eastern Virginia with and into Southern National and the completion of the merger of Eastern Virginia’s wholly-owned bank subsidiary, EVB, with and into Southern National’s wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Sonabank.  CONTINUE READING >> 






TBK Bank to Acquire 9 Branches from Independent Bank

Posted 06/23/2017
Castle Creek
 No comments 

DALLAS, Texas–(GLOBE NEWSWIRE)–Triumph Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:TBK) today announced that its banking subsidiary, TBK Bank, SSB (“TBK Bank”) has signed a definitive agreement to acquire 9 branch locations in Colorado from Independent Bank Group, Inc.’s (NASDAQ:IBTX) banking subsidiary Independent Bank. TBK Bank will purchase approximately $100 million in loans and assume approximately $168 million in deposits associated with the branches for CONTINUE READING >> 






FirstCapital Bank of Texas Acquires Bank Branch from Independent Bank

Posted 06/12/2017
Castle Creek
 No comments 

MIDLAND, Texas–(GLOBE NEWSWIRE)–FirstCapital Bank of Texas, N.A. (FCB) has signed a definitive agreement with Independent Bank to acquire Independent Bank’s branch located in Marble Falls. The Marble Falls branch was formerly owned by NorthStar Bank. FCB, headquartered in Midland, Texas, plans to complete the branch acquisition by Sept. 1, 2017, although delays could occur. “As a community bank, we value CONTINUE READING >> 


123›»



Categories

Castle Creek

Fund IV

Fund V

Fund VI


Archive
All Posts


Guaranty Bancorp Announces Second Consecutive Quarter of Record Net Income and the Signing of a Definitive Agreement to Acquire Castle Rock Bank Holding Company


Bridgewater Bancshares, Inc. Closes Private Placement of $25 Million Subordinated Notes


Southern National Bancorp of Virginia, Inc. and Eastern Virginia Bankshares, Inc. Announce Closing of Merger


TBK Bank to Acquire 9 Branches from Independent Bank














© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy












PacWest Bancorp | 












































Investor Log In





PacWest Bancorp








PacWest Bancorp

Business: Commercial Bank
HQ: Los Angeles, CA
Market: National
Website: www.pacificwesternbank.com

PacWest Bancorp is a bank holding company with over $20 billion in assets with one wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Pacific Western Bank. With 80 full-service branches located throughout the state of California, Pacific Western provides commercial banking services, including real estate, construction, and commercial loans, and comprehensive deposit and treasury management services to small and medium-sized businesses. Pacific Western offers additional products and services through its CapitalSource and Square 1 Bank divisions. The CapitalSource Division provides cash flow, asset-based, equipment and real estate loans and treasury management services to established middle market businesses on a national basis. The Square 1 Bank Division, headquartered at Pacific Western’s Durham, North Carolina branch, offers a comprehensive suite of financial services focused on entrepreneurial businesses and their venture capital and private equity investors, with offices located in all key innovation hubs across the United States.
Fund IV was previously invested in Square 1 Financial, Inc., which was acquired by PacWest Bancorp (NASDAQ: PACW) effective as of October 6, 2015. For more information on the transaction, please read this press release. Square 1 Financial, Inc. was the bank holding company for Square 1 Bank, a full-service commercial bank dedicated exclusively to serving the financial needs of the venture capital community and entrepreneurs in all stages of growth and expansion. Square 1 had offices coast-to-coast in Austin, Boston, Denver, Durham, Los Angeles, New York, San Diego, Seattle, Silicon Valley and Washington, DC (which continue to operate post-acquisition as part of the Square 1 Bank Division).
← Back to Portfolio Page
















© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy












About | 











































Investor Log In






About






Castle Creek is an alternative asset management firm focused on the community banking industry. Located in Rancho Santa Fe, California, the firm has been a leading investor in community banking since its inception in 1990, having raised and managed five private equity funds and multiple special situations funds. We have more than 100 combined years of industry experience—five decades operating banks and another five investing in them—which allows us to bring a unique perspective to our portfolio companies.
Our aim is to provide long-term capital to high-quality community banking institutions as they pursue growth or acquisitions, or as part of a recapitalization or refinancing. Strong management and a shared strategic focus are at the core of our investment thesis. Our collaborative approach—supporting a strong core management team and board of directors, balancing risk and profitability, building market share through organic growth and acquisitions, and driving value creation—has proven successful. Over the past quarter of a century, Castle Creek’s extensive industry experience and track record in support of change have been important elements in improving the financial performance and investor returns of its portfolio banks.













© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy












Limited Partners | 











































Investor Log In






Limited Partners






Castle Creek® is a trusted partner to top institutional investors, including public and corporate pension plans and academic, cultural, and charitable organizations. In addition to our flagship private equity funds, Castle Creek®’s customized investment services and offerings within the community banking space provide investors with targeted sector exposure while providing flexibility in balancing individual risk-return considerations.
We offer a secure web-based portal where our investors can quickly access essential information, such as distribution and capital call notices, capital account activity, legal documents, and portfolio company information. Follow the link below, or in the upper right corner of each page on our site, to log in.
Investor Log In
 Click here to log in to the online investor reporting system



For questions regarding your account log in information,
please call 858.756.8300
or email us










© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy












Contact | 














































Investor Log In






Contact













Your Name (required)
 
Your Company (required)
 
Phone (required)
 
Email (required)
 
Your Message
 
 I am interested in receiving future publications from Castle Creek.





(858) 756-8300 phone
(858) 756-8301 fax
<http://www.privatedaddy.com?q=Zl9GenFzUUJ8GCVTTGtnPBFnZ1lWG1puGFdQSk1yeQ-3D-3D_19>

Street Address:
6051 El Tordo
Rancho Santa Fe, CA 92067
Get Directions >>

Mailing Address:
Castle Creek® Capital LLC
PO Box 1329
Rancho Santa Fe, CA 92067
















© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy





















Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp Buys WashingtonFirst Bankshares, Sells First Bancorp - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp Buys WashingtonFirst Bankshares, Sells First Bancorp


April 19, 2017, 06:38:02 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, LpAdded Positions: WFBI ,Sold Out: FBNC ,For the details of CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=CASTLE+CREEK+CAPITAL+PARTNERS+IV%2C+LPThese are the top 5 holdings of CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LPGuaranty Bancorp ( GBNK ) - 1,448,849 shares, 39.1% of the total portfolio.MBT Financial Corp ( MBTF ) - 1,876,423 shares, 23.6% of the total portfolio.WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc ( WFBI ) - 489,377 shares, 15.19% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4558.07%Eastern Virginia Bankshares Inc ( EVBS ) - 1,061,225 shares, 12.33% of the total portfolio.First NBC Bank Holding Co ( FNBC ) - 2,205,382 shares, 9.78% of the total portfolio.Added: WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc ( WFBI )Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp added to the holdings in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc by 4558.07%. The purchase prices were between $26.5 and $29.07, with an estimated average price of $28.01. The stock is now traded at around $27.64. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 14.86%. The holdings were 489,377 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: First Bancorp (FBNC)Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp sold out the holdings in First Bancorp. The sale prices were between $26.86 and $31.11, with an estimated average price of $29.21.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Sign with WFBI. Click here to check it out.WFBI 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of WFBIPeter Lynch Chart of WFBIPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        GBNK
                                    
, 

                                        MBTF
                                    
, 

                                        WFBI
                                    
, 

                                        EVBS
                                    
, 

                                        FNBC
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Validea Peter Lynch Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/27/2017


						7/27/2017 07:57 AM
					



Validea Motley Fool Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/27/2017


						7/27/2017 07:57 AM
					



Validea Martin Zweig Strategy Daily Upgrade Report - 7/27/2017


						7/27/2017 07:57 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer
Microsoft Corporation Q4 Profit Advances 40%
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
An In-Depth Look At Baidu's (BIDU) Artificial Intelligence Aspirations




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





GBNK








0%



Rate It





MBTF








0%



Rate It





WFBI








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX



















































 









						Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv LP Trimmed Its Washingtonfirst Bankshares I (WFBI) Position; 3 Bullish Analysts Covering BRF SA (ADR) (BRFS) - Bibey Post								







 


















 

























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv LP Trimmed Its Washingtonfirst Bankshares I (WFBI) Position; 3 Bullish Analysts Covering BRF SA (ADR) (BRFS)


					
						July 24, 2017 - By Stephen Andrade

Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv Lp decreased Washingtonfirst Bankshares I (WFBI) stake by 97.46% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv Lp sold 403,831 shares as Washingtonfirst Bankshares I (WFBI)’s stock rose 18.81%. The Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv Lp holds 10,506 shares with $305,000 value, down from 414,337 last quarter. Washingtonfirst Bankshares I now has $447.16M valuation. The stock increased 0.20% or $0.07 on July 21, reaching $34.27. About shares traded. WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI) has risen 61.27% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 44.57% the S&P500.







Among 6 analysts covering BRF S.A. (NYSE:BRFS), 3 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 50% are positive. BRF S.A. had 10 analyst reports since September 16, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was upgraded by Deutsche Bank to “Buy” on Friday, January 29. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Thursday, October 8 by Citigroup. The stock of BRF SA (ADR) (NYSE:BRFS) earned “Overweight” rating by JP Morgan on Tuesday, May 31. The rating was downgraded by Goldman Sachs to “Sell” on Monday, October 5. On Monday, January 9 the stock rating was downgraded by JP Morgan to “Neutral”. The stock has “Neutral” rating by JP Morgan on Wednesday, September 16. The stock has “Neutral” rating by Bank of America on Friday, October 30. On Friday, May 26 the stock rating was maintained by Bank of America with “Buy”. See BRF SA (ADR) (NYSE:BRFS) latest ratings:
06/06/2017 Broker: Barclays Capital Rating: Equal-Weight Initiates Coverage On26/05/2017 Broker: Bank of America Rating: Buy Maintain
Investors sentiment increased to 3.33 in 2016 Q4. Its up 2.14, from 1.19 in 2016Q3. It improved, as 4 investors sold WFBI shares while 11 reduced holdings. 12 funds opened positions while 38 raised stakes. 10.70 million shares or 114.73% more from 4.98 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Geode Cap Lc invested 0% of its portfolio in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI). Savings Bank Of Mellon has 0% invested in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI). Hightower Advisors Ltd Llc has 0% invested in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI) for 15,040 shares. Martingale Asset Management Lp invested in 0% or 8,523 shares. Morgan Stanley invested 0% in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI). 4,620 are owned by Fuller Thaler Asset Management Incorporated. Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv Ltd Partnership holds 10,506 shares or 0.29% of its portfolio. Metropolitan Life Ins Comm holds 0% in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI) or 6,869 shares. Blackrock Advsrs Limited Liability Co invested 0% in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI). Moreover, Price T Rowe Associate Md has 0.01% invested in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI). North Mngmt holds 0.05% in WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI) or 9,702 shares. State Street reported 129,245 shares. Alliancebernstein Limited Partnership reported 62,495 shares. Renaissance Techs Limited Liability Co holds 0% or 83,735 shares. Grace & White Ny stated it has 86,290 shares.
Among 2 analysts covering WashingtonFirst Bankshares (NASDAQ:WFBI), 0 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 0 are positive. WashingtonFirst Bankshares had 3 analyst reports since December 14, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI) has “Mkt Perform” rating given on Monday, October 24 by Keefe Bruyette & Woods. The firm has “Outperform” rating by Raymond James given on Monday, December 14. The rating was downgraded by Raymond James to “Mkt Perform” on Monday, October 24.
Since January 31, 2017, it had 1 buying transaction, and 1 sale for $7,045 activity. $72,125 worth of WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI) shares were sold by Muldoon James P. $79,170 worth of WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (NASDAQ:WFBI) was bought by Mohan Madhu K on Tuesday, January 31.








By Stephen Andrade
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Boenning & Scattergood Keeps First Commonwealth (FCF) as “Hold”, Gaming and Leisure Properties IN (GLPI) Sellers Decreased By 3.82% Their Shorts


Old Second National Bank Of Aurora Trimmed Its Cf Inds Hldgs. (CF) Position; Last Week National Instruments (NATI) Coverage


Trellus Management Company Lowered Boingo Wireless (WIFI) Holding; Harvard Bioscience Has 1.74 Sentiment


Murphy Capital Management Lifted Walt Disney (DIS) Position; Zimmer Partners LP Cut Its Boardwalk Pipeline Partners (BWP) Holding


Robert W. Baird Maintains a “Buy” Rating on Fortinet (FTNT) and $50.0000 Target, Zimmer Partners LP Lifted By $55.04 Million Its Great Plains Energy (GXP) Holding


Berkshire Asset Management Has Boosted Pp&L (PPL) Position By $754,086, Valinor Management Upped Its Insulet (PODD) Position


Vitamin Shoppe (VSI) EPS Estimated At $0.39; Pogo Producing Co (PPP)’s Sentiment Is 1.03


Douglass Winthrop Advisors Lowered Cvs Health (CVS) Holding; Glaxosmithkline Plc (GSK) Sellers Decreased By 16.87% Their Shorts


Seatown Holdings Has Raised Vulcan Matls Co (VMC) Position; Permian Basin Royalty Trust (PBT)’s Sentiment Is 1.42


13.57% to Target, Stifel Nicolaus Maintains “Buy” Rating for Facebook (FB) Stock, Lakeland Bancorp (LBAI) Has 1.67 Sentiment







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact


















Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP Top Holdings 13F Filings




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP Top Holdings 13F Filings | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.























About | 











































Investor Log In






About






Castle Creek is an alternative asset management firm focused on the community banking industry. Located in Rancho Santa Fe, California, the firm has been a leading investor in community banking since its inception in 1990, having raised and managed five private equity funds and multiple special situations funds. We have more than 100 combined years of industry experience—five decades operating banks and another five investing in them—which allows us to bring a unique perspective to our portfolio companies.
Our aim is to provide long-term capital to high-quality community banking institutions as they pursue growth or acquisitions, or as part of a recapitalization or refinancing. Strong management and a shared strategic focus are at the core of our investment thesis. Our collaborative approach—supporting a strong core management team and board of directors, balancing risk and profitability, building market share through organic growth and acquisitions, and driving value creation—has proven successful. Over the past quarter of a century, Castle Creek’s extensive industry experience and track record in support of change have been important elements in improving the financial performance and investor returns of its portfolio banks.













© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy





















 























 



 Castle Creek Capital Partners IV, L.P. Closes in Excess of $330 Million to Invest in U.S.-Based 
         










    










 






 











 









Castle Creek Capital Partners IV, L.P. Closes in Excess of $330 Million to Invest in U.S.-Based Community Banks

Feb 08, 2011, 15:25 ET
		  		  			
									 from   Thomas Capital Group 











 
















































 

 




















 


RANCHO SANTA FE, Calif., Feb. 8, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Castle Creek® is pleased to announce the final closing of its fourth fund, Castle Creek Capital Partners IV, L.P. ("Fund IV"), with $331 million in capital commitments.  The capital was raised from a diverse group of institutional investors, including public and private pension funds, prominent fund of funds and financial institutions, with Thomas Capital Group serving as placement agent.  The primary focus of Fund IV will be on recapitalization, growth equity, and buyout investments in U.S.-based community banks.
Fund IV's focus during this extended economic recovery will be on turnaround and distressed bank investments.  Castle Creek will use its deep industry knowledge and expertise to work in concert with local management to help restore profitability and enhance the growth prospects of its portfolio banks.  Thus far, Fund IV has completed seven bank investments, establishing a well-balanced and diversified portfolio across six major U.S. metropolitan markets.
"We formed our fourth fund because we believe the severe recessionary downturn over the last three years has caused significant distress in the banking arena, and the valuations of select community banks will benefit greatly from a combination of additional capital support, the ongoing economic recovery, and a building wave of M&A activity," Castle Creek Managing Partner John Eggemeyer commented.  He added that in his view "this is the most opportune time in the past two decades to invest in the community banking sector."  Castle Creek has pioneered private equity investments in banks since its inception in the early 1990s and is today one of most prominent and active private equity bank investors in the U.S.
"We have been investing in special situations and distressed managers for more than a decade, and we believe Castle Creek Fund IV is one of the most coherent private propositions targeting the continued dislocation in the financial services sector," said Jeff Collins, Portfolio Manager, Morgan Stanley Alternative Investment Partners.  "Castle Creek's operationally-focused and deeply experienced team, combined with the Fund's focus on small- to middle-markets where we believe the potential for value creation is greatest, makes for a particularly compelling investment opportunity for AIP."
In response, William Ruh, a Managing Partner at Castle Creek, commented, "We are deeply appreciative of the substantial financial commitment from such a highly- regarded group of limited partners – AIP included – and we are thankful for our partners' unwavering support during this challenging fund raising environment." Thomas Capital Group's President and CEO Sajan Thomas added, "We were delighted to work with such a high caliber and professional group and are pleased with the outcome of the fundraise.  I have great confidence that Fund IV will perform admirably on behalf of its limited partners."
For more information: Contact Carlie Headapohl, Director of Investor Relations at Castle Creek®, tel +1 (858) 756-8300.  Contact Shamone Allen-Stephenson, Director at Thomas Capital Group, tel +1 (253) 777-4477.
About Castle Creek Capital Partners
Castle Creek® focuses on recapitalization, growth equity, and buyout investments in U.S.-based community banks.  The firm is led by John M. Eggemeyer III, William J. Ruh and Mark G. Merlo (the "Principals").  Since 1992, the Principals have overseen the investment of over $1.9 billion of capital primarily for bank transactions and have completed over 60 bank investments and acquisitions.  The Principals apply their significant industry experience by becoming actively involved with the management of their portfolio companies with a view toward materially enhancing their efficiency, scale, profitability and franchise value.  Further information about Castle Creek® can be found at www.castlecreek.com.
About Thomas Capital Group
Thomas Capital Group ("TCG"), a registered broker-dealer, was founded in 1997 to assist and guide alternative investment managers worldwide in structuring funds and raising capital.  TCG's team possesses extensive placement and marketing experience, a global network of close investor relationships, and strong buy-side investment experience.  Working with a select group of fund managers, TCG has helped raise billions of dollars from leading investors around the world.  More information can be found at www.thomascapitalgroup.com
 SOURCE  Thomas Capital Group  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.castlecreek.com/
http://www.thomascapitalgroup.com/



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  





My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 






CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS | CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP 

                Last Update: 07-26-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 4

                    Number of New Stocks: 2




                    Total Value: $90 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 36%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK






















All Stocks Held By Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP




















































Home
Articles
Latest Filings
All Funds
Stocks Being Bought
Stocks Being Sold
Insider Buying







FREE registration required to continue...

                
                You have viewed 6 pages within the last 6 hours.  To continue, please register at Holdings Channel for unlimited
		page views and our free weekly newsletter, by entering your name and email address below.  Registration is absolutely free.
By registering, you agree to our privacy policy & terms of use.
                
		If you are in Canada, you must click here for alternate registration page.

                

                
                Problems with your registration ''sticking?''  Enable your browser to receive our ''cookie'' to resolve.
                Other questions? Email us at: info@holdingschannel.com


All Stocks Held By Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP | www.HoldingsChannel.com | 
Copyright © 2013 - 2017, All Rights Reserved



Nothing in Holdings Channel is intended to be investment advice, nor does it represent the opinion of, counsel
from, or recommendations by BNK Invest Inc. or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries or partners.  
  None of the information contained herein constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio,
 transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person.  All viewers agree that under no
circumstances will BNK Invest, Inc,. its subsidiaries, partners, officers, employees, affiliates, or agents be held
liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained.  By visiting, using or viewing this site, you 
agree to the following 
Full Disclaimer & Terms of Use and 
Privacy Policy.  Video widget and market videos powered by Market News Video.  Quote and option data delayed at 
least 15 minutes; stock quote data powered by Ticker Technologies, and Mergent. Contact Holdings Channel; Meet Our Editorial Staff.
























CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP
                    

•   RANCHO SANTA FE, CA
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Castle Creek Capital Partners IV is based out of Rancho Santa Fe.   Their last reported 13F filing for Q2 2017 included $89,782,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 100.0%. Castle Creek Capital Partners IV's largest holding is Guaranty Bancorp with shares held of 1,448,849.   WhaleWisdom has at least 20 13Fs and  21 13D/G filings in our database for Castle Creek Capital Partners IV.  The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2010-12-22. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Other
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 4
 WhaleScore History



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















06/30/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


IBTX
        
        Independent Bank Gr...
22.701%



SONA
        
        Southern National B...
13.133%








06/30/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


WFBI
         
         WashingtonFirst Ban...
15.188%


EVBS
         
         Eastern Virginia Ba...
12.327%


FNBC
         
         First Nbc Ba Ord
9.778%







06/30/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


GBNK
                                                  
                                                  Guaranty Bancorp
43.8941%


IBTX
                                                  
                                                  Independent Bank Group Inc
22.7005%


MBTF
                                                  
                                                  MBT Financial Corp
20.2724%


SONA
                                                  
                                                  Southern National Bancorp o...
13.1329%

See All Holdings






06/30/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $89.782 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $90.223 Million
New Purchases2 stocks
Additional Purchases0 stocks
Sold out of3 stocks
Reduced holdings in0 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %100.00%
Turnover %
                        [1]:125.00%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:37.48%
Time Held Top20:8.00 quarters
Time Held Top10:8.00 quarters
Time Held All:8.00 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






06/30/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-3.03%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
21.16%





Performance Metrics




Stdev (5-yrs):
Subscription required
BETA (5-yrs):
Subscription required
ALPHA (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sortino (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Stutzer (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Treynor (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Sterling (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Calmar (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Information Ratio (3-yrs):
Subscription required


Tracking Error (3 yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Stdev Down (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Winning Months %:
Subscription required


Losing Months %:
Subscription required
Best 12 Months:
Subscription required
Worst 12 Months:

                          Subscription required
                        


Efficiency Ratio (3-yrs):

                          Subscription required
                        
Sharpe:
Subscription required
Stdev Sectors:
Subscription required


Skewness (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Kurtosis (3-yrs):
Subscription required
Upside Potential (3-yrs):
Subscription required





















Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-26








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-26
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q2 2017 13F Filings 
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 
Q3 2015 13F Filings 
Q2 2015 13F Filings 
Q1 2015 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2014 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q3 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q2 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q1 2013 13F Filings subscription required
Q4 2012 13F Filings subscription required



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2014-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2013-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2012-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-06-30
2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31
2015-09-30
2015-06-30




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







  This lets you look at individual sub managers or subsidiaries within
  the 13F filing.




Quarter:
06/30/2017
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager:






Optionally compare to:



Quarter 2:
06/30/2017
03/31/2017
12/31/2016
09/30/2016
06/30/2016
03/31/2016
12/31/2015
09/30/2015
06/30/2015
Manager 2:













Number of shares is NOT split-adjusted




Schedule 13D and 13G events since 06/30/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 06/30/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2010-12-22
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Other
    
500,000,000
294,500,000
205,500,000


2010-04-22
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Other
    
500,000,000
131,215,222
368,784,778


2010-03-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Other
    
500,000,000
90,969,673
409,030,327


2009-08-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Other
    
500,000,000
50,724,124
449,275,876




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




J. MIKESELL  THOMAS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN M.  EGGEMEYER

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN M.  EGGEMEYER III

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN T.  PIETRZAK

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



MARK G.  MERLO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL IV LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



WILLIAM J.  RUH

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      







WhaleScore history for CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP
You must have a subscription to view WhaleScore histories








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














castle creek capital partners iv - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related tocastle creek capital partners iv



castle creek capital partners


castle creek partners llc



castle creek capital llc


north castle partners




Web Results

Castle Creek Capital Partners

https://castlecreek.com


Our Firm. Castle Creek Capital is an alternative asset manager focused on the community banking industry. Through a series of funds and separately managed accounts ...



John Eggemeyer



Fund IV



Square 1 Financial, Inc



About



Limited Partners



Contact



Castle Creek Capital Partners IV | Thomas Capital Group

https://www.thomascapital.com/castle-creek-capital-partners-iv


Castle Creek Capital was formed in the early 1990s to make private equity investments in the restructuring and recapitalization of troubled banks throughout the U.S.


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp Buys WashingtonFirst ...

www.nasdaq.com/article/castle-creek-capital-partners-iv-lp-buys...


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, LpAdded Positions: WFBI ,Sold Out: FBNC ,For the details of CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP's stock buys and.


Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP Top Holdings 13F Filings

https://www.holdingschannel.com/13f/castle-creek-capital-partners...


A list of the top 50 holdings of Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP, derived from Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP 13F filings


Jul 26, 2017 - Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp Buys ...

https://www.gurufocus.com/news/545920


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp Buys Independent Bank Group Inc, Southern National Bancorp of Virginia Inc, Sells WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc, Eastern ...


All Stocks Held By Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP

https://www.holdingschannel.com/all/stocks-held-by-castle-creek...


All stocks held by Castle Creek Capital Partners IV LP, and biggest position changes.


Castle Creek Capital Partners IV, L.P.: Private Company ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Castle Creek Capital Partners IV, L.P. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/castle-creek-capital-partners-iv-lp


Detailed Profile of CASTLE CREEK CAPITAL PARTNERS IV, LP portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv LP Lowered Its First ...

https://kgazette.com/castle-creek-capital-partners-iv-lp-lowered...


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv Lp decreased First Bancorp N C (FBNC) stake by 24.39% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv Lp sold 235,088 ...


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp Buys WashingtonFirst ...

https://www.gurufocus.com/news/506758/castle-creek-capital...


Castle Creek Capital Partners Iv, Lp Buys WashingtonFirst Bankshares, Sells First Bancorp, Stocks: WFBI,FBNC,, release date:Apr 19, 2017



Searches related tocastle creek capital partners iv



castle creek capital partners


castle creek partners llc



castle creek capital llc


north castle partners




12345Next















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













castle capital partners - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Capital Partners - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Capital Partners



Now Capital Partners Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Castle games - play free - Build, conquer & trade online.



Ad
 ·
lp.empire.goodgamestudios.com/​browser-game/​free-to-play



Build up a massive empire and battle against other kingdoms.





Fast Customer Support



Game award winner 2014



Strategic battle system




Over 60 Million Players



Free - no download needed



Over 50 military units





Capital - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Capital/​Now



Find Capital Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

StoneCastle Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/StoneCastle_Partners


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


Avista Capital Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Avista_Capital_Partners


Avista Capital Partners is an American private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout ... Avista Capital Partners Diamond Castle Holdings


Castle Harlan - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Castle_Harlan_Partners


Castle Harlan is a private equity firm based in New York City that focuses on buyouts and growth capital investments in middle-market companies across a range of ...


CVC Capital Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/CVC_Asia_Pacific


CVC Capital Partners is a private equity firm with approximately US$80 billion in secured commitments across European and Asian private equity, credit and growth funds.


List of private equity firms - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_private_equity_firms


List of private equity firms. Source: ... Avista Capital Partners Diamond Castle Holdings Castle Harlan CIP Capital: New York New York New York New York


Norwest Venture Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Norwest_Venture_Partners


Norwest Venture Partners (Norwest) is a venture and growth equity investment firm with approximately $6 billion in capital under management. The firm targets early ...


Diamond Castle Holdings - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Diamond_Castle_Holdings


You have no Favorite Channels. To follow a channel click the ... If you wish to view your Favorite Channels from anywhere on the site, click on the My Favorites link ...


One Equity Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/One_Equity_Partners


One Equity Partners was founded in 2001 by Dick Cashin to ... the predecessor of Court Square Capital Partners and CVC ... Avista Capital Partners Diamond Castle ...


APriori Capital Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/APriori_Capital_Partners


aPriori Capital Partners is a private equity investment firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions. ... Diamond Castle Holdings. The following year, ...


Chicago Growth Partners - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Chicago_Growth_Partners


The spinout of Chicago Growth Partners from William Blair & Company came at the same time as the spinouts of ... (Avista Capital Partners, Diamond Castle ...










Capital Partners - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Capital Partners



Now Capital Partners Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Castle games - play free - Build, conquer & trade online.



Ad
 ·
lp.empire.goodgamestudios.com/​browser-game/​free-to-play



Build up a massive empire and battle against other kingdoms.





Fast Customer Support



Game award winner 2014



Strategic battle system




Over 60 Million Players



Free - no download needed



Over 50 military units





Capital - Find It Here | search.com



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Capital/​Now



Find Capital Here & Check Out 1000+ Results Now





All That You Need



Straight Accounting



Your Finances Up To Date



Difficult Finances




Searches related tocastle capital partners



north castle partners


castle partners llc


partners capital inc


partners capital group



castle capital inc


castle capital group


capital partners llc


castle capital llc




12345Next

Related Searches



north castle partners


castle partners llc


partners capital inc


partners capital group


castle capital inc


castle capital group


capital partners llc


castle capital llc




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network

















































Investor Log In








PARTNERSHIP
Our relationships with investors, bank partners, and regulators are integral to our success.


COMMITMENT
We are committed to the long-term success of community banking.


DISCIPLINE
Our discipline results in a deliberate, focused, and repeatable investment process. 






Our Firm
Castle Creek Capital is an alternative asset manager focused on the community banking industry. Through a series of funds and separately managed accounts, we invest at all levels of a bank’s capital structure in support of recapitalization, growth, and consolidation opportunities. Castle Creek also deploys capital for special situations, allowing us to capitalize on market dislocations. The firm currently has over $750 million in assets under management and has raised and directly invested over $1 billion in capital since 1990.
Learn More


Our Investors
Castle Creek is a trusted partner to top institutional investors, including public and corporate pension plans and academic, cultural, and charitable organizations. In addition to our flagship private equity funds, Castle Creek’s customized investment services and offerings in community banking provide investors with targeted sector exposure while providing flexibility in balancing individual risk-return considerations.
Learn More
Investor Log In








© Copyright Castle Creek Capital 2016  |  Privacy Policy










 



Yelp










Yelp












Sorry, you’re not allowed to access this page.
Contact Yelp if you keep experiencing issues.


















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


