


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Information Management Software | Plytix


































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started































Your product content hub








Manage, optimize, and distribute your product content from one cloud platform to get to market faster
 


































X






















Features




Pricing




Testimonials
































Launch products faster
Eliminate the time consuming tasks that holds you back. Launch products 3x faster by enriching, optimizing, and distributing product content from one location.


















Cross-channel coherence
Over half of all shoppers research products on multiple channels before making a purchase. With consistent, quality product information potential customers will become loyal customers.


















Turn spreadsheets into workspace
The Plytix PIM takes all the data you have buried in spreadsheets with smart import mapping. Get a workspace that lets you add text, media, and define custom attributes error-free.






















Digital Asset Management
Make sure all your product and brand assets are organized and easily accessible by your whole team. Link images, videos, PDFs, and other files to products without needing duplicate content. 


















Digital product catalogs
Create interactive download centers for your catalogs. Share them via public link or embed them directly onto your website. Catalogs are enhanced with email notifications so that you know where all your content goes.


















Be the master of your content
Take control of your product content and see the difference in your bottom line. Rich, consistent content plus the efficiency provided by a PIM can boost sales by 35%. 


























Get the full feature & pricing list
































Experience the difference
Other PIM systems are complicated and expensive. Plytix offers affordable, ready-to-use product information management software that is simple enough for entire teams to use and powerful enough to support limitless growth.  
 




































I finally have ONE place for all of my data that's always updated and available to me no matter where I am.
Mai Johansson | Mai Copenhagen



































Growth



Estimate price per month


Number of products


No credit card required


Pay as you grow
All features included

Unlimited users
Unlimited variations
XML Template Builder
Digital asset management
Onboarding assistance available




Type number of products here!







Enterprise



CustomIdeal for +10,000 products

 


Need something different?
Let’s talk

All features included
Fixed price per month
Dedicated account manager
Integration support
Free onboarding






































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close
































































Contact Us | Plytix

































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























We'd love to talk to youDon't hesitate to reach out with any questions, concerns, or proposals.


























Contact us


















You can also find us at: 
 
  hello@plytix.com
  +00 45 78 75 57 78
  +1 617 906 6105
   Bernhard Bangs Allé 25      2000 Frederiksberg     Denmark
  Camino San Antón 82     29018 Málaga     Spain
 
 





























hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +00 45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close






























































About | Plytix

































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























A smart product management hub for retailthat streamlines digital content and data sharing






 





















Our mission
 
We have made it our mission to provide brands and retailers simple and affordable tools that tackle many challenges in digital product management and distribution by:













Solving the practical challenge of organizing, sourcing, and sharing product content.









Giving brands and retailers access to a whole new level of detailed ecommerce data and analytics
















Take control of your products with Plytix
 









Our Story
 
The idea for Plytix evolved from our time at Google, when we were working with some of the biggest companies in the e-commerce space. At the time, technology allowed tracking user behaviour on individual websites, but we wanted to give brands and retailers access to a whole new level of detailed data, bringing them a better understanding of their products through 3rd party product analytics. 
 
Since then Plytix has evolved into an end-to-end product management eco-system where brands and retailers can organize, analyze, and share product content and performance in a user-friendly and efficient way without breaking the bank. 
 




























Our Team
 
We're a diverse, international team passionate about creating extraordinary client experiences and serious about revolutionizing e-commerce. We are growing rapidly and we're always on the look out for smart, driven people to join our team. 
 
Get a closer look on  LinkedIn and Instagram.








Join our team
 See current openings



































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close


























































Pricing | Plytix





























































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























Simplified pricing for better product management









Growth Pricing



About how many products are you managing?




Price per month












Product Information Manager
We base our pricing on the number of products you have, not number of users or storage space. Estimate your cost per month using our nifty pricing calculator.   
 
Give it a go!
Try the Plytix PIM free for 30 days:

No credit card required
All features included
Unlimited users








 



















What you get


















Catalog Creation Management
Unlimited custom attributes
Custom product views
Variation handling
Digital asset management
Unlimited users






XML & CSV template builders
Data import mapping
Activity logs
Catalog Print Versions
Catalog download notifications
Progress tracking


























Need a hand during implementation?
We've got you covered. Plytix will help you onboard all your product material. 





















Got a lot of SKUs?

















We know that growth pricing isn't right for everyone. Let us know what your needs are and we'll set you up with a custom quote. 






























hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close































































Plytix - Product Analytics














404
OUCH!
Something went wrong, or that page doesn't exist... yet









 



Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 












































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login









 

Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 




Whatever your priorities, this can help you find someone who understands you and has the resources to help you manage your financial life 











AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, WE ALL face major turning points in our lives—getting married, becoming a parent, receiving a life-changing promotion, getting ready to retire. At times like these, many people feel a need for financial help, and start to wonder whether working with a financial advisor might make sense. That's when the search begins.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future. Someone who'll be there for you for years to come, and who can provide more than just stock recommendations.
To find an advisor who can help you with those decisions, don't be afraid to ask the following tough questions—they'll help you get a clear idea of what you can expect from the relationship and whether it makes sense for you.
1. What types of clients do you work with?
Some advisors have special experience working with business owners or members of a specific profession. Others might have particular knowledge in a specialty, such as sustainable investing or retirement planning. Ask what team members or resources from around their company they can call upon to help you meet your specific needs.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future.
2. What is your track record?
No advisor can or should promise financial results based on past performance. And beware those who do. But an advisor with a record of long relationships with clients likely provides the kind of service that earns their loyalty.
3. How often will we talk?
An advisor should be committed to conversations in person, by phone, or online—whatever your preference is—as often as you require. Every client has different needs and expectations. Be upfront with the advisor about how frequently and by what means you would like to get together to discuss your finances.
4. How realistic are my goals?
Even if you have a strong idea of what you want to accomplish with your money, the right advisor can help you better understand and prioritize your goals, including making any necessary tradeoffs based on your finances, timelines and investing preferences.






MORE INSIGHTS
Wondering What It's Like to Work with an Advisor? Tune in to a candid conversation  on “The Value of Advice.” 
Watch the webcast



5. How will we keep my strategy on course?
Even the best strategy will need adjusting as financial markets and your goals change. An advisor should have a plan for regular reviews and the ability to correct as market conditions and your priorities shift.
6. What happens if the markets are volatile? Will you call me?
When markets get scary, there's nothing worse than feeling isolated and alone. One of an advisor's most vital functions is to reach out at such times, hear your concerns, offer perspective, and talk about any needed adjustments to your strategy.
7. What if I'm upset about a service issue or an investment?
As life becomes increasingly automated, there's nothing like a human voice and quick response when you're concerned about a financial matter. Advisors who define their success by your success will be eager to quickly resolve any such issues.
8. Who will I actually be working with?
Many advisors have teams of professionals to enhance the services they provide. Ask who you'd be working with on a regular basis and their level of experience. Beyond the immediate team, does the company supporting them have access to a broad array of financial insights and resources?
9. How do I pay you for your work?
It's never easy to ask, but the right advisors will welcome this question. Clarity about fees is vital to a successful relationship. Payment—whether a percentage of assets or per transaction—should be structured around your needs and preferences.






What Can an Advisor Do for You?
Watch "Making the Leap" to see how one couple – with the help of their advisor – built a business while keeping their retirement goals in sight. For more first-hand stories, visit "Working with Us."
Transcript of Video
















Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.





Give us a call at
1.866.706.8321
9am - 9pm EST, Monday - Friday





Have questions for your financial advisor?
Connect with to continue the conversation.

View Profile


Phone 
Email 






View Profile










Share:



Facebook


LinkedIn


Twitter


email








LEARN MORE ABOUT WORKING WITH MERRILL LYNCH






                Find the Right Advisor For you
            




                With over 14,000 financial advisors nationwide, find one who fits your needs.
            






Search yourLinkedIn network

Go

Contact your advisor
                            
                        






                Why a Merrill Lynch advisor?
            




                Our investment insights provide a valuable complement to a unique or tailored approach that revolves around you.
            

                        See how
                    






                Explore your goals
            




                This is all about you, from what you hope to achieve to what keeps you up at night.
            

                        Start exploring
                    






                2017 Midyear Market Check:
            




                Learn about the key issues that could impact your financial life.


                        Watch Our Webcast
                    






                Related articles
            









Are You Ready for Life’s Big Changes?
Read article



4 Big Retirement Risks—and How to Prepare for Them
Read article























Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    AR5FWD5G-EXP-2018-05-04
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch



























Castle Ridge Investment Management LP: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 10:12 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Castle Ridge Investment Management LP



Snapshot People




Company Overview



591 West Putnam AvenueGreenwich, CT 06830-6005United States



Phone: 203-489-4300

Fax: 203-489-4301








Key Executives for Castle Ridge Investment Management LP




Mr. Michael Jay Swotes


      	Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
      








Mr. Steven Neale Gottschalk


      	COO, CFO, and Chief Compliance Officer 
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Castle Ridge Investment Management LP Key Developments

Castle Ridge Investment Management LP Presents at NAREIT Annual Convention, Nov-15-2016
Nov 4 16
Castle Ridge Investment Management LP Presents at NAREIT Annual Convention, Nov-15-2016 . Venue: JW Marriott Phoenix Desert Ridge Hotel, Phoenix, Arizona, United States. Speakers: Peter Lewis.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Castle Ridge Investment Management LP, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Castle Ridge Investment Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























castle ridge investment management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Castle Ridge Investment Management LP provides investment advisory services. The Company serves clients in the State of Connecticut.




Corporate Information
Address:

591 West Putnam Avenue
Greenwich, CT 06830
United States


Phone:
1-203-489-4300


Fax:
1-203-489-4301























From The Web











Key Executives


Daniel John Johnson


CFO/Chief Compliance Officer




Michael Jay Swotes


Chief Invsmt Officer/Founder







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































        IAPD - Investment Adviser Search

































                    An official website of the United States Government
                    




















Individual


Firm









                        at
                    










5 Miles
15 Miles
25 Miles











Search












Below is a list of all possible matches that were returned based on the search criteria you provided.   Search results may include both investment advisers and broker-dealers.  Results show whether each firm is an investment adviser, broker-dealer or both. 
Clicking the Get Details button will provide you with a summary for the individual or firm.
For additional information, please see the information below the list of possible matches. 


1 Result






CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LP(CRD# 175498 / SEC# 801-81184)
Alternate Names:
                    





                                591 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE, GREENWICH, CT 06830-6005






                    Investment Adviser Firm
                












The investment advisers listed above are (or were in the last 10 years) registered with the SEC and/or the states, or exempt from registration but required to file reports with the SEC and/or the states.
The broker-dealers listed above have information in FINRA’s BrokerCheck system.
By clicking on any investment adviser above, you will be viewing the most recent Form ADV it filed. Investment advisers file a Form ADV to register with the SEC and/or the states. Exempt Reporting Advisers complete a portion of Form ADV for purposes of reporting to the SEC and/or the states.
By clicking on any broker-dealer above, you will be linked to FINRA's BrokerCheck system to view information about that broker-dealer.
If you would like additional information about an investment adviser (such as the investment adviser's previously filed Form ADVs), contact the SEC Public Reference Room (202-551-8090) or contact a state where the investment adviser is registered or files reports.
If the individual or firm you are searching for is not listed above, click here for suggestions.
Please click here to return to the beginning of the search results.  


























	CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Trademark of Castle Ridge Investment Management LP. Serial Number: 86567122 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT










 
Get FREE email alerts













CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT  Trademark Information
 Castle Ridge Investment Management LP
Financial services, namely, investment management services, investment advisory services and financial asset management services, all rendered in connection with the operation and management of private investment vehicles commonly referred to as hedge funds




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   management   services      investment   advisory   services   financial   asset   management   services      rendered   connection   operation   management   private   investment   vehicles   commonly   referred   hedge    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark by Castle Ridge Investment Management LP 
                                in Greenwich, CT, 06830.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Castle Ridge Investment Management LP of the CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, March 17, 2015,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT by 
                        Castle Ridge Investment Management LP, Greenwich, CT  06830.
                        The USPTO has given the CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT 
                        trademark serial  number of  86567122.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT is 
                        
                        
                                            SCOTT KAREFF of 
                                            Schulte Roth & Zabel Llp,  919 3rd Ave Fl 22, New York, NY 10022-3905 
                                .
                            The CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment management services, investment advisory services and financial asset management services, all rendered in connection with the operation and management of private investment vehicles commonly referred to as hedge funds. 
                            





Word mark:
 CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/12/2016



  Serial Number:  
86567122


  Filing Date:  
3/17/2015


 Registration Number:  
4999346 


 Registration Date:  
7/12/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment management services, investment advisory services and financial asset management services, all rendered in connection with the operation and management of private investment vehicles commonly referred to as hedge funds


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/18/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Castle Ridge Investment Management LPGreenwich, CT  06830
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT")


 Correspondent:


SCOTT KAREFF
Schulte Roth & Zabel Llp
919 3rd Ave Fl 22
New York, NY 10022-3905






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
7/1/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
7/1/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/12/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCOTT KAREFF


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search castleridgeinvestmen on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MAN... 




CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT is providing Financial services, namely, investment management services, investment advisory services and financial asset management services, all rendered in connection with the operation and management of private investment vehicles commonly referred to as hedge funds.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LP
                    

•   GREENWICH, CT
                          • Investment Advisor
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Castle Ridge Investment Management is based out of Greenwich. Castle Ridge Investment Management is a hedge fund  with  1-10 clients and discretionary assets under management (AUM) of $351,258,000 (Form ADV from 2017-03-29).  Their last reported 13F filing for Q1 2017 included $254,099,000 in managed 13F securities
    and a top 10 holdings concentration of 54.92%. Castle Ridge Investment Management's largest holding is Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. with shares held of 161,700.   WhaleWisdom has at least 8 13F filings in our database for Castle Ridge Investment Management. 
                                           














Summary
13F Holdings
Ind. Managers
Inv. Advisor Info
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



                Download 13F Summary to Excel
              


                    Download 13F Summary to Excel
                  


   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel















03/31/2017
Top Buys




Name% Change


IWM
        (PUT)
        iShares Russell 200...
6.222%



MAA
        
        Mid-America Apartme...
5.293%



AMH
        
        American Homes 4 Rent
4.353%



MAC
        
        Macerich Company (The)
3.986%



LOW
        
        Lowes Companies, Inc.
3.35%








03/31/2017
Top Sells





Name% Change


SPY
         (PUT)
         SPDR S&P 500 ETF In...
11.67%


HPP
         
         Hudson Pacific Prop...
7.651%


AVB
         
         AvalonBay Communiti...
4.288%


STAR
         
         Istar Financial
3.709%


FRT
         
         Federal Realty Inve...
3.01%







03/31/2017
13F Holdings Summary




Stock% Port


ARE
                                                  
                                                  Alexandria Real Estate Equi...
7.0331%


SUI
                                                  
                                                  Sun Communities, Inc.
6.6081%


IWM
                                                  (PUT)
                                                  iShares Russell 2000 Index ...
6.222%


SLG
                                                  
                                                  SL Green Realty Corp.
5.3519%


MAA
                                                  
                                                  Mid-America Apartment Commu...
5.2932%

See All Holdings






03/31/2017
13F Activity




Market Value
                        $254.099 Million

                        Prior Market Value
                        $214.849 Million
New Purchases15 stocks
Additional Purchases10 stocks
Sold out of10 stocks
Reduced holdings in6 stocks
Top 10 Holdings %54.92%
Turnover %
                        [1]:80.65%
Turnover Alt %
                    [2]:53.68%
Time Held Top20:1.25 quarters
Time Held Top10:1.40 quarters
Time Held All:1.84 quarters

[1]:
                  Turnover is calculated by taking the # of new holdings (initial purchases) + the # of positions sold out of (not just reduced) divided by the total # of holdings for the quarter.
                
[2]:
                  Alt Turnover is calculated by taking either the total MV of new purchases or
                   the MV of securities sold, whichever is less,
                   divided by the total MV of the fund.
                






03/31/2017
13F Sector Allocation Over Time











Fund Metrics

You are limited to the prior 8 quarters of 13F filings.
            Subscribe to WhaleWisdom to view all filing data
            for CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LP






Portfolio Performance
                    Top 20 equal-weighted holdings. Last updated
                      on 2017-06-29 



Performance
                      for Q1 2017:
                    
-3.52%


Performance Last 4 Quarters:
4.76%





Performance Metrics
Stats are not available for the latest quarter














Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
Start with one of our predefined groups or create your own.
        View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.
      



Take a Tour

           Save Changes to Tracked Backtest
Saving......

GENERATE
      REPORT
At least
      one fund must be selected before running a backtest
    
{{InvalidConfiguration()}}


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  


Backtester

Use WhaleWisdom's Backtester tool to test how a hypothetical portfolio would have performed with different
        investment strategies. Research one or more filers' performance and then optimize their portfolios to match your
        own investment goals.
View the
        Backtesting Whitepaper
        and the Getting Started page for
        additional help.



GENERATE
      REPORT


    {{ErrorMessage}}
  

    "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
    and
    "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
    are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
  




Filers Selected: {{groupinfo.group.description}} - {{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}
      (click to edit)


      {{criteria.whalescore.description}}
      (click to edit)


      Filers being chosen based on prior performance
    
Get started by using: 

WhaleWisdom Fund Groups
WhaleScore Filers

One of your custom groups
Choose Filers by Performance
Log in to use your saved groups
Create new custom group



WhaleWisdom Fund Groups


{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}





Use Heat Map Stocks







{{g.filers.length}}

{{g.description}}






< Back

Select WhaleScore Filers:
WhaleScore filers are chosen based on scores calculated the previous quarter.


Pro Sub. Required

{{o.description}}






< Back

Select Filers by Prior Performance
Filers are selected each quarter based on their prior performance. You can restrict which
      filers are included by using the filters below.



          Pro subscription required to select filers by performance
        


How do you want funds chosen?




Maximum Filers to use each quarter

            

(your subscription allows up to {{Limit}} filers):
Maximum number of filers
              to use exceeed
Maximum filers must set to
              at least 1




Quarterly turnover %






% top 10 concentration






 # of Holdings in 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            
{{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[0]}} - {{criteria.filer_performance.holdings_from_to[1]}}


 Market Cap of Fund's 13F
              Portfolio
from:
            
            to
            

                                                      {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[0])}} - {{format_number(criteria.filer_performance.mc_from_to[1])}}
                                                    


 Avg. Time Held Top 10 (quarterly)
from:
            
            to
            

                                                                {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[0]}} quarters - {{criteria.filer_performance.time_held_top10_from_to[1]}} quarters
                                                              





Matching filers from latest quarter:
{{FilerPerformanceMatches}}






< Back
{{groupinfo.group.filers.length}}




Backtest options
Optional Stock Filters
Optional Hedging/Advanced



< Back


How do you want stocks selected when rebalancing?  


{{s.description}}
          


5
10
20
30
40
50


 (Pro sub. required)



        "Top # Holding(s) by Dollar Value from each fund's holdings"
        and
        "Top # Holding(s) by Percent Ownership from each fund's holdings"
        are not available when using WhaleScore Filers.
      


(optional) Minimum # of funds holding stock

(optional) Minimum percent of portfolio for each fund


Custom Weight Per Fund (scale of 1 through 10)


{{filer.name}}





Reset Weight



Specify the number of holdings to use



          {{s.description}}
        

          ** Holdings greater than 20 require a Pro level subscription to use. **
        




How do you want available funds allocated among stocks?  








< Back



Restrict Stocks Selected by Stock Market Cap Size?


 {{cap.name}}
                              




Stock Exclusions
Do not include stocks whose price exceeds:

Do not include stocks whose price is less:

Do not include any of the following tickers:
                                                          (comma separated)






ETF Filter
 ETF Holdings Only

 Exclude ETFs


ADR Filter *Pro Only*
 Foreign ADR Only

 Exclude ADRs





Limit Stock Selection to Certain Sectors or Industries? Restrict stocks to those in the selected sector or industry







< Back




Hedging Strategies

Simple Short Exposure. This strategy effectively shorts the S&P 500 by
        buying shares in the S&P 500 Short ETF.
        Simple Hedging will assume that 100%
        of the backtest's invested principal is always in the backtest's long positions.

        For example, if you choose a 25% hedging rate, then for a $10,000 portfolio,
        you will be long $10,000 and have a $2,500 short on the S&P 500.
        The short position will adjust each rebalancing period to match 25% of the total portfolio.
        Any gains/losses from the short are added to the overall available capital for the long positions in the
        portfolio.
      

Moving Average Hedge.  With this strategy, your portfolio will be hedged
        by shorting the S&P 500 whenever your long portfolio's performance drops below the monthly moving average.
        So if you set a 25% hedge, 25% of your long portfolio will be sold and the funds reallocated to the short
        whenever the hedge is in effect.
        Once your long portfolio performance goes back over the moving average, the short hedge will be removed
        and the funds from the short will be reallocated to your long positions.
      

        When hedging strategies are being used, backtests can only go back as far as 2006.  This is the date
        the S&P 500 Short ETF first appeared.
      

        Pro subscription required to use hedging strategies
      
Hedging Strategy:

      

No Hedging

          Short-Exposure Hedge
        

          Moving Average Hedge
        

Moving Average Months:


Moving Average Target:
                   

Your backtested portfolio
S&P 500 TR Index
Russell 2K TR Index

the moving average that will determine when hedging is on or off

Hedging %:
      

25%
50%
75%
100%



Stock Sell Buffer

      You can optionally include a stock sell buffer in your backtesting model.
      It works by keeping a stock in your portfolio even when it would otherwise drop out
      during rebalancing as long as it remains within your sell buffer threshold.
      For example, you are backtesting with the top 20 stocks each quarter and set a sell buffer of 50.
      In the first quarter, AAPL is one of the top 20 stocks and is included in the portfolio.
      In quarter 2, AAPL drops down to number 25. Without the sell buffer, AAPL would drop out
      for that quarter, but since it is still within the sell buffer threshold of 50,
      it will remain in the portfolio.
      Your portfolio size remains the same. The stocks that would have fallen out stay in and the
      stocks that would otherwise have been added stay out. Using the sell buffer may
      help produce a lower turnover rate.
    

      Sell Buffer Size (must be greater than # of holdings in portfolio to work):
      
No sell buffer
10
25
35
50
100




Rebalancing Frequency

      By default backtester rebalances quarterly using new 13F filing data. You can
      adjust the rebalancing frequency using the dropdown below. Reasons for
      changing the frequency include lower turnover and possible tax advantages
      by keeping stocks at least one year before selling.
    


        Do not rebalance after each quarter

or rebalance:
        
Every quarter (default)
 Every other quarter
 Once a year




How many days after the end-of-quarter date before doing the backtest? (0 - 60) 

DAYS





      Or use day whenever the filing was submitted to the SEC
      (or the last filing when using a group of funds):
Starting Quarter

      By default backtester will test your strategy using all available dates going back to 2001 (for subscribers only).
      You can optionally adjust when the backtest actually starts.
    
Starting Quarter:
      
All Available Dates


  Ending Quarter:
      
All Available Dates






GENERATE
      REPORT





Backtest Results:



Download Backtest Data to Excel
Downloading.  Please wait.....


Start Tracking This Backtest
Saving......


                                    Stop tracking this backtest
                                  
Log in to start tracking this backtest



No report has been run






                                {{s.description}}
                              

Configure Moving Averages


As of 2017-07-27








Want to backtest using all available 13F history?
      As a non-subscriber you are limited to the past two years of filing data.
        Subscribe now and backtest using 13F holdings data as
        far back as 2001.
      








 
YTD
1Y
2Y
3Y
5Y
7Y
10Y
Total Return
Annualized
Std Dev
Sortino



Whale(s)
Unhedged Portfolio

{{starting_record.yearly_entries[starting_record.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(starting_record,10)| number:2}}%
{{starting_record.performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{starting_record.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{starting_record.sortino|number}}


Hedged Portfolio
{{hedged_matrix.yearly_entries[hedged_matrix.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(hedged_matrix,10)| number:2}}%
{{hedged_matrix.performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{hedged_matrix.sortino|number}}


{{chart.comparison_index.description}}
{{chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries[chart.comparison_index.yearly_entries.length-1][3]*100|number}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,1)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,2)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,3)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,5)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,7)| number:2}}%
{{GetYearlyPerformance(chart.comparison_index,10)| number:2}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.annualized_performance*100|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.standard_deviation*100.0|number}}%
{{chart.comparison_index.sortino|number}}









                          Current Holdings Rebalanced on {{results.ending_period.start_date}}
                          Click the "Download Backtest Data to Excel" link above to see all stock activity


                          Stock prices used are the "total returns" stock price and will include
                          dividends, spinoffs, splits, and other adjustments.  Because of this, stock
                          prices shown here will likely not
                          match a stock's actual closing stock price on the same date.
                        





Stock Name
% of Portfolio
Avg Price Per Share(total returns price)
Total Returnas of 2017-07-27
Original Purchase Date



            								                  {{transaction.ticker}}
            								               {{transaction.stock_name}}

Sold All
{{transaction.percent_of_portfolio*100.0|number:2}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}


                                ${{starting_record.hedging_gain|number:2}}
                              

                                {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                            

{{transaction.original_purchase_date}}


{{results.ending_period.hedge.stock_name}}

{{transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                              {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(results.ending_period.hedge)|number:2}}%
                            

                              {{results.ending_period.hedge.original_purchase_date}}
                            


*** Currently using {{ending_hedged_transaction.stock_name}} ***

{{ending_hedged_transaction.avg_price|currency}}

                                                        {{GetTransactionTotalReturn(ending_hedged_transaction)|number:2}}%
                                                      

                                                        {{ending_hedged_transaction.original_purchase_date}}
                                                      









Ending Sector Allocation

















































Quarter to view:

Current Combined 13F/13D/G
Q1 2017 13F Filings 
Q4 2016 13F Filings 
Q3 2016 13F Filings 
Q2 2016 13F Filings 
Q1 2016 13F Filings 
Q4 2015 13F Filings 



                      Refresh
                    
 Advanced Export
Download CSV
Download Excel (.xlsx)
Download TSV







                               Click to See Additional Filters
                              



Security Types:




                  Shares


                  Calls


                  Puts


                  Principal

Changes in Holdings:

 New Position
Added to Position
Reduced Position
Closed Out Position
No Change



Ranking is in the top:



Minimum # of shares:



Stock ticker: 



Is ETF?
YesNo



                                      Refresh
                                    








Edit Columns


*Shares are split adjusted
		






×
Report an error






Your name (optional):


Your email (optional):


Error to report or any other comments(required):













                









Cancel





 Click here to report any possible errors with this listing.





13F Filings Available:



                            2017-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR/A
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-09-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-06-30 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2016-03-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          



                            2015-12-31 - 13F-HR
                          

                            (Subscription required)
                          






×
CSV Export Module



      This will schedule a job to export all requested 13f holdings data for this filer.
      When completed, an email will be sent to the email address you specify
      containing a link to download the .zip file of the CSV file(s) you requested.
    



Output Type


             Output all 13f holdings into a single CSV file
             

              Output all 13f holdings into separate CSV files per quarter
              



Columns to include


Filer Name
Stock Name
Stock Ticker
Quarter Date
Type of Security
Current Shares Held
Current Market Value
Previous Shares Held
Previous Market Value
Current % of Portfolio
Previous % of Portfolio
Current Rank
Previous Rank
Change in Shares
Type of Change
Sector




13F Quarters to include


2017-03-31
2016-12-31
2016-09-30
2016-06-30
2016-03-31
2015-12-31




Email Address to send data to








Cancel
Schedule Export







View Last Form Adv Compilation Report on Record

CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LP

Classified as Hedge Fund

591 WEST PUTNAM AVENUE


GREENWICH
CT
            
        06830-6005
Country: United States


          Business Phone:
          203-489-4300
Fax:
              203-489-4301


Professional Investment Advisor Data

SEC Registration as :

Large Advisory Firm
      


Form of Organization:
Limited Partnership 


Organized in:
DE


Number of employees:
7


Other Business Activities:
commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor 


Advisor Fees/Compensation:
Percentage of assets under management,Performance-based fees



        Amount of client funds and securities:
      
351,258,000



            Total Number of Clients:
          
4



            Amount of client funds and securities by related persons:
          
351,258,000



                Total Number of clients from related persons:
              
3


Disclosures:




    Data above was derived from SEC filings.
  



Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















 






Castle Ridge Investment Management - Investment Advisor - Greenwich, Connecticut







 








 






  vusbdqqxdcvwydbqfxewauzrtwwy






					Financial Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Investment Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Investment Advisors
OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








					Castle Ridge Investment Management, LP				


OverviewFirm RegistrationAssets and AccountsMoreClient TypesActivities and FeesEmployeesDisclosuresContact 








Castle Ridge Investment Management, LP



Overview




Firm Registration




Assets and Accounts




Client Types




Activities and Fees




Employees




Disclosures




Contact




References










 See all Investment Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Castle Ridge Investment Management Greenwich, Connecticut

 






total assets under management$351M United States dollarstotal number of employees7total number of accounts4average account balance$87,814,500 United States dollars 

 

Claim This Listing 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewCastle Ridge Investment Management, LP is a registered investment advisory firm located in Greenwich, Connecticut. The firm manages 4 accounts totaling an estimated $351,258,000 USD in assets under management. Its operations include 7 employees and is categorized as providing investment advisory services to 10 clients. Many more details can be found below. You can also click here to see a list of all 219 investment advisors located in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Firm data current as of May 15, 2017

 





Advertisement


ShareFirm RegistrationRegistration Details

Firm CRD #:175498Primary Business Name:Castle Ridge Investment Management, LP


Organization Type:Limited Partnership


Regulator:SEC
Looking for a specific type of Investment Advisor? Check out the Investment Advisors homepage where you can apply custom filters to search through our database of 38,476 Registered Investment Advisors. For example, click the button below to view all advisors in Connecticut, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Investment Advisors  in Connecticut  >>State Registrations MapDates and StatusMoreState Registrations Map



Dates and Status

State RegulatorRegistration DateStatusIDUnique IdConnecticutDecember 15, 2015Notice Filed

 





Advertisement


ShareAssets and AccountsCurrent Assets & AccountsAssets under management (AUM) is the primary metric used to compare one investment advisory firm to another. With just over $351,258,000 USD in AUM, Castle Ridge Investment Management is considered a medium size firm, having surpassed the $100 Million mark. Click here to view a list of other similar-sized firms with AUM above $100 Million.discretionary assets under management$351,258,000 United States dollarsnon-discretionary assets under management$0 United States dollarstotal assets under management$351M United States dollarsdiscretionary accounts4non-discretionary accounts0total number of accounts4Visit the Investment Advisors homepage to sort and filter firms based on assets under management >>Historical Assets & Accounts

Historical data is made available by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and is posted monthly on the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) section of the SEC's website. The following graphs illustrate the 26 months of historical data available for this firm.

Total AUMBreakdownMoreTotal AUM

SEC Report DateTotal Assets Under Management (AUM)IDFirm CRD #March 1, 2016$390M United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2016$390M United States dollarsJanuary 4, 2016$390M United States dollarsAugust 3, 2015$390M United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2015$390M United States dollarsOctober 1, 2015$390M United States dollarsNovember 2, 2015$390M United States dollarsDecember 1, 2015$390M United States dollarsMay 1, 2017$351M United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$351M United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$320M United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$320M United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$320M United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$320M United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$320M United States dollars

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AUMNon-discretionary AUMIDFirm CRD #March 1, 2016$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2016$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJanuary 4, 2016$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsAugust 3, 2015$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsSeptember 1, 2015$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsOctober 1, 2015$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsNovember 2, 2015$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsDecember 1, 2015$390M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMay 1, 2017$351M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsApril 3, 2017$351M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMarch 1, 2017$320M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsMay 2, 2016$320M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsFebruary 1, 2017$320M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsJanuary 3, 2017$320M United States dollars$0 United States dollarsDecember 1, 2016$320M United States dollars$0 United States dollars

AccountsBreakdownMoreAccounts

SEC Report DateTotal Number of AccountsIDFirm CRD #March 1, 20165January 3, 20175December 1, 20165November 1, 20165October 3, 20165September 1, 20165August 1, 20165July 1, 20165June 1, 20165May 2, 20165April 1, 20165February 1, 20165January 4, 20165December 1, 20155November 2, 20155

Breakdown

SEC Report DateDiscretionary AccountsNon-discretionary AccountsIDFirm CRD #March 1, 201650January 3, 201750December 1, 201650November 1, 201650October 3, 201650September 1, 201650August 1, 201650July 1, 201650June 1, 201650May 2, 201650April 1, 201650February 1, 201650January 4, 201650December 1, 201550November 2, 201550

 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareClient TypesTypes of Clients Served



Pooled Investment VehiclesFirm CRD #IDIA Firm Name100 percent175498





 Pooled Investment Vehicles



Assets Attributed to Each Client TypeSome firms cater to a variety of client types, while others specialize in just one. In the case of Castle Ridge Investment Management, 100% of their assets under management are attributed to Pooled Investment Vehicles.The SEC Form ADV organizes client types into 13 categories. Castle Ridge Investment Management reports working with just 1 of these 13 client types. The firm reports serving a total of 10 clients and does not have any financial planning clients.If you're looking for a particular type of Advisor, you can click the button below and use the filters to select a list a Investment Advisors based on types of clients served.Select Investment Advisors by  types of clients  >> 





Advertisement


ShareActivities and FeesAreas of BusinessAdvisory Activities and Services:Security PortfoliosOther Advisory Services: NoCompensationAdvisory Fees:Percentage of assetsPerformance-based feesOther Fee Types: NoClick here to select Investment Advisors based on types of fees charged >> 

 







ShareEmployeesBy Categorytotal number of employees7investment adviser representatives0licensed insurance agents0broker-dealer registered reps0The largest firm in our database has 39,343 employees. Other firms report having no employees at all. On the Investment Advisors homepage you can sort and filter firms by number of employees, or select other advanced criteria.Select Investment Advisors by  number of employees  >> 





Advertisement


ShareDisclosuresPublic Disclosure Statements as Reported on Form ADVThe SEC keeps track of disclosures for the 24 categories listed below. With zero reported disclosures, Castle Ridge Investment Management has a perfect record. On the research topic home page you can view a pre-sorted list of all investment advisory firms with zero disclosures.Regulatory Criminal False Statements or Omissions to SEC or CFTCNoneFelony ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC ViolationsNoneFelony ConvictionsNoneBusiness Suspensions, Restrictions, or RevocationsNoneMisdemeanor ChargesNoneSEC or CFTC Entered an Order Against AdvisorNoneMisdemeanor ConvictionsNoneCivil Money Penalty or Cease and Desist OrdersNone  False Statements or Omissions to Other RegulatorNoneCivil Violations of Regulations or StatutesNoneEnjoinments with Domestic or Foreign CourtsNoneRestrictions or Denials of BusinessNoneViolations of Investment-Related StatutesNoneRegulator Entered Orders Against AdvisorNoneCivil Action Dismissed by a Settlement AgreementNoneDenials or Suspensions of RegistrationNoneSubject to Any Civil ProceedingNoneFalse Statements or Omissions to Self-Reg. OrgNone  Violation of Regulatory RulesNoneOther Associated with Any Business SuspensionsNoneAny Professional Authorization RevokedNoneMembership Suspensions or ExpulsionsNoneSubject to Any Regulatory ProceedingNone


View a complete list of all Investment Advisory Firms in our database >>vusbdqqxdcvwydbqfxewauzrtwwy ShareContact InfoPrincipal Office

Main Office Phone
(203) 489-4300


Main Office Fax
203-489-4301


Main Office Address
591 West Putnam AvenueGreenwich,  Connecticut 06830-6005United States
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Investment Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 40,118 Registered Investment Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all Advisors in Greenwich, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Investment Advisors  in Greenwich  >>  


×






References




Source: SEC. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 










CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Trademark of Castle Ridge Investment Management LP - Registration Number 4999346 - Serial Number 86567122 :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








CASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT - Trademark DetailsStatus: 700 - RegisteredSerial Number86567122Registration Number4999346Word MarkCASTLE RIDGE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENTStatus700 - RegisteredStatus Date2016-07-12Filing Date2015-03-17Registration Number4999346Registration Date2016-07-12Mark Drawing4000 - Standard character mark 
TypesetPublished for Opposition Date2015-08-18Attorney NameScott KareffLaw Office Assigned Location CodeM30Employee NameTAYLOR, DAVID TStatementsDisclaimer with Predetermined Text"INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT"Goods and ServicesFinancial services, namely, investment management services, investment advisory services and financial asset management services, all rendered in connection with the operation and management of private investment vehicles commonly referred to as hedge fundsClassification InformationInternational Class036 - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs.US Class Codes100, 101, 102Class Status Code6 - ActiveClass Status Date2015-03-26Primary Code036First Use Anywhere Date2015-07-01First Use In Commerce Date2015-07-01Current Trademark OwnersParty NameCastle Ridge Investment Management LPParty Type30 - Original RegistrantLegal Entity Type13 - Limited PartnershipAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Trademark Owner HistoryParty NameCastle Ridge Investment Management LPParty Type30 - Original RegistrantLegal Entity Type13 - Limited PartnershipAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Party NameCastle Ridge Investment Management LPParty Type20 - Owner at PublicationLegal Entity Type13 - Limited PartnershipAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Party NameCastle Ridge Investment Management LPParty Type10 - Original ApplicantLegal Entity Type13 - Limited PartnershipAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.CorrespondencesNameSCOTT KAREFFAddressPlease log in with your Justia account to see this address.Trademark EventsEvent DateEvent Description2015-03-20NEW APPLICATION ENTERED IN TRAM2015-03-26NEW APPLICATION OFFICE SUPPLIED DATA ENTERED IN TRAM2015-06-19ASSIGNED TO EXAMINER2015-06-25EXAMINERS AMENDMENT -WRITTEN2015-06-25EXAMINERS AMENDMENT E-MAILED2015-06-25NOTIFICATION OF EXAMINERS AMENDMENT E-MAILED2015-06-25EXAMINER'S AMENDMENT ENTERED2015-06-25APPROVED FOR PUB - PRINCIPAL REGISTER2015-07-10ASSIGNED TO LIE2015-07-13LAW OFFICE PUBLICATION REVIEW COMPLETED2015-07-29NOTIFICATION OF NOTICE OF PUBLICATION E-MAILED2015-08-18PUBLISHED FOR OPPOSITION2015-08-18OFFICIAL GAZETTE PUBLICATION CONFIRMATION E-MAILED2015-10-13NOA E-MAILED - SOU REQUIRED FROM APPLICANT2016-04-11TEAS STATEMENT OF USE RECEIVED2016-04-11TEAS EXTENSION RECEIVED2016-05-11CASE ASSIGNED TO INTENT TO USE PARALEGAL2016-04-11EXTENSION 1 FILED2016-05-12EXTENSION 1 GRANTED2016-04-11USE AMENDMENT FILED2016-05-12STATEMENT OF USE PROCESSING COMPLETE2016-05-13NOTICE OF APPROVAL OF EXTENSION REQUEST E-MAILED2016-06-03ALLOWED PRINCIPAL REGISTER - SOU ACCEPTED2016-06-04NOTICE OF ACCEPTANCE OF STATEMENT OF USE E-MAILED2016-07-12REGISTERED-PRINCIPAL REGISTER





Today on Verdict



An Attorney General Under (Friendly) Fire: Why Removing Jeff Sessions Is Beside the Point in President Trump’s War Against Robert Mueller



Illinois Law dean and professor Vikram David Amar argues, contrary to the consensus of legal pundits, that President Trump likely does not have to dispose of Attorney General Jeff Sessions in order to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions












Trademark Categories by Justia :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








Trademark CategoriesGoods
ChemicalsRead moreChemicals used in industry, science and photography, as well as in agriculture, horticulture and forestryUnprocessed artificial resins, unprocessed plasticsManuresFire extinguishing compositionsTempering and soldering preparationsChemical substances for preserving foodstuffsTanning substancesAdhesives used in industryClothingRead moreClothing, footwear, headgearCollective Membership MarkRead moreCollective Membership MarkCordage and fibersRead moreRopes, string, nets, tents, awnings, tarpaulins, sails, sacks and bags (not included in other classes)Padding and stuffing materials (except of rubber or plastics)Raw fibrous textile materialsCosmetics and cleaning preparationsRead moreBleaching preparations and other substances for laundry useCleaning, polishing, scouring and abrasive preparationsSoapsPerfumery, essential oils, cosmetics, hair lotionsDentifricesElectrical and scientific apparatusRead moreScientific, nautical, surveying, electric, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instrumentsApparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or imagesMagnetic data carriers, recording discsAutomatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin-operated apparatusCash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computersFire-extinguishing apparatusEnvironmental control apparatusRead moreApparatus for lighting, heating, steam generating, cooking, refrigerating, drying, ventilating, water supply and sanitary purposesFabricsRead moreTextiles and textile goods, not included in other classesBed and table coversFancy goodsRead moreLace and embroidery, ribbons and braidButtons, hooks and eyes, pins and needlesArtificial flowersFirearmsRead moreFirearmsAmmunition and projectilesExplosivesFireworksFloor coveringsRead moreCarpets, rugs, mats and matting, linoleum and other materials for covering existing floorsWall hangings (non-textile)Furniture and articles not otherwise classifiedRead moreFurniture, mirrors, picture framesGoods (not included in other classes) of wood, cork, reed, cane, wicker, horn, bone, ivory, whalebone, shell, amber, mother-of-pearl, meerschaum and substitutes for all these materials, or of plasticsGoods Certification MarkRead moreGoods Certification MarkHand toolsRead moreHand tools and implements (hand-operated)CutlerySide armsRazorsHousewares and glassRead moreHousehold or kitchen utensils and containers (not of precious metal or coated therewith)Combs and spongesBrushes (except paint brushes)Brush-making materialsArticles for cleaning purposesSteelwoolUnworked or semi-worked glass (except glass used in building)Glassware, porcelain and earthenware not included in other classesJewelryRead morePrecious metals and their alloys and goods in precious metals or coated therewith, not included in other classesJewellery, precious stonesHorological and chronometric instrumentsLeather goodsRead moreLeather and imitations of leather, and goods made of these materials and not included in other classesAnimal skins, hidesTrunks and travelling bagsUmbrellas, parasols and walking sticksWhips, harness and saddleryLight beveragesRead moreBeersMineral and aerated waters and other non-alcoholic drinksFruit drinks and fruit juicesSyrups and other preparations for making beveragesLubricants and fuelsRead moreIndustrial oils and greasesLubricantsDust absorbing, wetting and binding compositionsFuels (including motor spirit) and illuminantsCandles, wicksMachineryRead moreMachines and machine toolsMotors and engines (except for land vehicles)Machine coupling and transmission components (except for land vehicles)Agricultural implements (other than hand-operated)Incubators for eggsMeats and processed foodsRead moreMeat, fish, poultry and gameMeat extractsPreserved, dried and cooked fruits and vegetablesJellies, jams, fruit saucesEggs, milk and milk productsEdible oils and fatsMedical apparatusRead moreSurgical, medical, dental and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes and teethOrthopedic articlesSuture materialsMetal goodsRead moreCommon metals and their alloysMetal building materialsTransportable buildings of metalMaterials of metal for railway tracksNon-electric cables and wires of common metalIronmongery, small items of metal hardwarePipes and tubes of metalSafesGoods of common metal not included in other classesOresMusical InstrumentsRead moreMusical instrumentsNatural agricultural productsRead moreAgricultural, horticultural and forestry products and grains not included in other classesLive animalsFresh fruits and vegetablesSeeds, natural plants and flowersFoodstuffs for animals, maltNonmetallic building materialsRead moreBuilding materials (non-metallic)Non-metallic rigid pipes for buildingAsphalt, pitch and bitumenNon-metallic transportable buildingsMonuments, not of metalPaintsRead morePaints, varnishes, lacquersPreservatives against rust and against deterioration of woodColorantsMordantsRaw natural resinsMetals in foil and powder form for painters, decorators, printers and artistsPaper goods and printed matterRead morePaper, cardboard and goods made from these materials, not included in other classesPrinted matterBookbinding materialPhotographsStationeryAdhesives for stationery or household purposesArtists' materialsPaint brushesTypewriters and office requisites (except furniture)Instructional and teaching material (except apparatus)Plastic materials for packaging (not included in other classes)Playing cardsPrinters' typePrinting blocksPharmaceuticalsRead morePharmaceutical, veterinary and sanitary preparationsDietetic substances adapted for medical use, food for babiesPlasters, materials for dressingsMaterial for stopping teeth, dental waxDisinfectantsPreparations for destroying verminFungicides, herbicidesRubber goodsRead moreRubber, gutta-percha, gum, asbestos, mica and goods made from these materials and not included in other classesPlastics in extruded form for use in manufacturePacking, stopping and insulating materialsFlexible pipes, not of metalSmokers’ articlesRead moreTobaccoSmokers' articlesMatchesStaple foodsRead moreCoffee, tea, cocoa, sugar, rice, tapioca, sago, artificial coffeeFlour and preparations made from cereals, bread, pastry and confectionery, icesHoney, treacleYeast, baking-powderSalt, mustardVinegar, sauces (condiments)SpicesIceToys and sporting goodsRead moreGames and playthingsGymnastic and sporting articles not included in other classesDecorations for Christmas treesVehiclesRead moreVehiclesApparatus for locomotion by land, air or waterWine and spiritsRead moreAlcoholic beverages (except beers)Yarns and threadsRead moreYarns and threads, for textile useServices
Advertising and businessRead moreAdvertisingBusiness managementBusiness administrationOffice functionsBuilding construction and repairRead moreBuilding constructionRepairInstallation servicesComputer and scientificRead moreScientific and technological services and research and design relating theretoIndustrial analysis and research servicesDesign and development of computer hardware and softwareLegal servicesEducation and entertainmentRead moreEducationProviding of trainingEntertainmentSporting and cultural activitiesHotels and restaurantsRead moreServices for providing food and drinkTemporary accommodationInsurance and financialRead moreInsuranceFinancial affairsMonetary affairsReal estate affairsMedical, beauty and agriculturalRead moreMedical servicesVeterinary servicesHygienic and beauty care for human beings or animalsAgriculture, horticulture and forestry servicesPersonalRead morePersonal and social services rendered by others to meet the needs of individualsSecurity services for the protection of property and individualsServices Certification MarkRead moreServices Certification MarkTelecommunicationsRead moreTelecommunicationsTransportation and storageRead moreTransportPackaging and storage of goodsTravel arrangementTreatment of materialsRead moreTreatment of materialsMemberships
Certification MarkCollective Membership MarkCollective Service MarkCollective TrademarkService MarkTrademark





Today on Verdict



An Attorney General Under (Friendly) Fire: Why Removing Jeff Sessions Is Beside the Point in President Trump’s War Against Robert Mueller



Illinois Law dean and professor Vikram David Amar argues, contrary to the consensus of legal pundits, that President Trump likely does not have to dispose of Attorney General Jeff Sessions in order to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions













Insurance and financial Trademarks :: Trademark Resources :: Justia Trademarks































































Log In
Sign Up











Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing








Insurance and financial Trademarks by Filing Date
201720162015201420132012201120102009200820072006200520042003200220012000199919981997199619951994199319921991199019891988198719861985198419831982198119801979197819771976197519741973197219711970196919681967196619651964196319621961196019591958195719561955195419531952195119501949194819471946194519391936193519341932193019291927192519191916190919051896Latest Insurance and financial Trademarks 






THE AGENT'S COMPANY

Insurance agencies; Insurance agencies in the field of life, health, accident, fixed annuities; Insurance agency and brokerage…Owned by: Rumbo, Michael ScottSerial Number: 87538996











MACK LEMUUR ACQUISITIONS

Land acquisition services; Real estate acquisition servicesOwned by: Dobyns, SalleySerial Number: 87538887











HSAN1E SOCIETY

Charitable services, namely, promoting public awareness of Hereditary Sensory and Autonomic Neuropathy Type 1E; Promoting…Owned by: HSAN1E SocietySerial Number: 87538858











FUNDERPORT

On-line business fundraising servicesOwned by: FUNDERPORT INC.Serial Number: 87538860











IRON PHI EST. 2010

Bags, namely, drawstring bags and duffel bagsOwned by: Phi Delta Theta FraternitySerial Number: 87538652











ANZU PARTNERS

Business management and consulting services to start-up, emerging and growth companies; facilitating liquidity events for…Owned by: Anzu Partners LLCSerial Number: 87538184











WORK IT

Exercise equipment, namely, treadmills, stationary cycles used as active workstations and for active meeting and training…Owned by: Work It LLCSerial Number: 87538194











RESIDENCES AT THE HARD ROCK HOTEL

Real estate management services in connection with condominium and hotel propertiesOwned by: Hard Rock Cafe International (USA), Inc.Serial Number: 87538195











APPQUIRE

Brokerage in the field of intellectual property as it relates to mobile applications, smartphone applications, computer…Owned by: Appquire Ltd. Co.Serial Number: 87538452











SHMEEK & SCHMEEK

Investment advisory services; Investment management; Mutual fund advisory services; Mutual fund analysis servicesOwned by: Redwood Investment Management, LLCSerial Number: 87538466











RESIDENCES AT THE HARD ROCK HOTEL

Real estate management services in connection with condominium and hotel propertiesOwned by: Hard Rock Cafe International (USA), Inc.Serial Number: 87538261











TIP

Real estate transaction management and coordination services, namely, document management and indexing, document tracking…Owned by: REALTORS PROPERTY RESOURCESerial Number: 87538268











SLICING PIE

Financial services, namely, investment advice, investment management, investment consultation and investment of funds for…Owned by: Fair and Square Ventures, LLCSerial Number: 87538271











RANCHPROTECTION

Agricultural insurance agency servicesOwned by: Matthew GriffithSerial Number: 87538276











LIVE THE LIFE YOU'VE EARNED

Real estate agency servicesOwned by: Patrick, Walter T.Serial Number: 87538088











WORKIT

Exercise equipment, namely, treadmills, stationary cycles used as active workstations and for active meeting and training…Owned by: Work It LLCSerial Number: 87538347











RISKSCOUT

Providing information about flood, earthquake, fire, water, crime, wind, hail, storm, and liability loss risks to property…Owned by: Location Inc. Group CorporationSerial Number: 87538115











FAT FOOD ART TECHNOLOGY

Promoting public interest and awareness of city art and creative districts, promoting restaurants, businesses and tourism…Owned by: HELIOS US, LLCSerial Number: 87538121











FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE

Providing information on government financial assistance program; administering government financial assistance program…Owned by: TracFone Wireless, Inc.Serial Number: 87538151











FUNDX BECAUSE MARKETS CHANGE

newsletter featuring information in the financial and investment fieldsOwned by: FundX Investment Group LLCSerial Number: 87538161










Today on Verdict



An Attorney General Under (Friendly) Fire: Why Removing Jeff Sessions Is Beside the Point in President Trump’s War Against Robert Mueller



Illinois Law dean and professor Vikram David Amar argues, contrary to the consensus of legal pundits, that President Trump likely does not have to dispose of Attorney General Jeff Sessions in order to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller.





Ask a Lawyer







Question:




Add details
120



Additional Details: 




					    	1000
					    


Ask Question






Find a Lawyer
















Lawyers - Get Listed Now!

Get a free directory profile listing







 



            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions

























Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp - Financial Services Firm, Greenwich, CT - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp





Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp is a RIA based in Greenwich, CT with $320M in AUM.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Greenwich, CT 




# OF EMPLOYEES
7


Total Assets
$320,146,923









Location
        



591 W Putnam Ave


Greenwich,
CT
06830


203-489-4300









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$320.1M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






5

          
Accounts
          


$64.0M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Castle Ridge Gp, LLC
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Michael Jay Swotes

Founder, Chief Investment Officer
      
March, 2015
      
50% to 75%
      


Daniel John Johnson

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer
      
February, 2016
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp - Financial Services Firm, Greenwich, CT - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp





Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Castle Ridge Investment Management Lp is a RIA based in Greenwich, CT with $320M in AUM.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Greenwich, CT 




# OF EMPLOYEES
7


Total Assets
$320,146,923









Location
        



591 W Putnam Ave


Greenwich,
CT
06830


203-489-4300









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$320.1M
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






5

          
Accounts
          


$64.0M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Castle Ridge Gp, LLC
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Michael Jay Swotes

Founder, Chief Investment Officer
      
March, 2015
      
50% to 75%
      


Daniel John Johnson

Chief Financial Officer, Chief Compliance Officer
      
February, 2016
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Product Information Management Software | Plytix


































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started































Your product content hub








Manage, optimize, and distribute your product content from one cloud platform to get to market faster
 


































X






















Features




Pricing




Testimonials
































Launch products faster
Eliminate the time consuming tasks that holds you back. Launch products 3x faster by enriching, optimizing, and distributing product content from one location.


















Cross-channel coherence
Over half of all shoppers research products on multiple channels before making a purchase. With consistent, quality product information potential customers will become loyal customers.


















Turn spreadsheets into workspace
The Plytix PIM takes all the data you have buried in spreadsheets with smart import mapping. Get a workspace that lets you add text, media, and define custom attributes error-free.






















Digital Asset Management
Make sure all your product and brand assets are organized and easily accessible by your whole team. Link images, videos, PDFs, and other files to products without needing duplicate content. 


















Digital product catalogs
Create interactive download centers for your catalogs. Share them via public link or embed them directly onto your website. Catalogs are enhanced with email notifications so that you know where all your content goes.


















Be the master of your content
Take control of your product content and see the difference in your bottom line. Rich, consistent content plus the efficiency provided by a PIM can boost sales by 35%. 


























Get the full feature & pricing list
































Experience the difference
Other PIM systems are complicated and expensive. Plytix offers affordable, ready-to-use product information management software that is simple enough for entire teams to use and powerful enough to support limitless growth.  
 




































I finally have ONE place for all of my data that's always updated and available to me no matter where I am.
Mai Johansson | Mai Copenhagen



































Growth



Estimate price per month


Number of products


No credit card required


Pay as you grow
All features included

Unlimited users
Unlimited variations
XML Template Builder
Digital asset management
Onboarding assistance available




Type number of products here!







Enterprise



CustomIdeal for +10,000 products

 


Need something different?
Let’s talk

All features included
Fixed price per month
Dedicated account manager
Integration support
Free onboarding






































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close
































































Contact Us | Plytix

































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























We'd love to talk to youDon't hesitate to reach out with any questions, concerns, or proposals.


























Contact us


















You can also find us at: 
 
  hello@plytix.com
  +00 45 78 75 57 78
  +1 617 906 6105
   Bernhard Bangs Allé 25      2000 Frederiksberg     Denmark
  Camino San Antón 82     29018 Málaga     Spain
 
 





























hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +00 45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close






























































Pricing | Plytix





























































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























Simplified pricing for better product management









Growth Pricing



About how many products are you managing?




Price per month












Product Information Manager
We base our pricing on the number of products you have, not number of users or storage space. Estimate your cost per month using our nifty pricing calculator.   
 
Give it a go!
Try the Plytix PIM free for 30 days:

No credit card required
All features included
Unlimited users








 



















What you get


















Catalog Creation Management
Unlimited custom attributes
Custom product views
Variation handling
Digital asset management
Unlimited users






XML & CSV template builders
Data import mapping
Activity logs
Catalog Print Versions
Catalog download notifications
Progress tracking


























Need a hand during implementation?
We've got you covered. Plytix will help you onboard all your product material. 





















Got a lot of SKUs?

















We know that growth pricing isn't right for everyone. Let us know what your needs are and we'll set you up with a custom quote. 






























hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close



























































About | Plytix

































































Pricing
Solutions

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

About

About Us
Blog
Press
Contact

Sign in
Get started




























A smart product management hub for retailthat streamlines digital content and data sharing






 





















Our mission
 
We have made it our mission to provide brands and retailers simple and affordable tools that tackle many challenges in digital product management and distribution by:













Solving the practical challenge of organizing, sourcing, and sharing product content.









Giving brands and retailers access to a whole new level of detailed ecommerce data and analytics
















Take control of your products with Plytix
 









Our Story
 
The idea for Plytix evolved from our time at Google, when we were working with some of the biggest companies in the e-commerce space. At the time, technology allowed tracking user behaviour on individual websites, but we wanted to give brands and retailers access to a whole new level of detailed data, bringing them a better understanding of their products through 3rd party product analytics. 
 
Since then Plytix has evolved into an end-to-end product management eco-system where brands and retailers can organize, analyze, and share product content and performance in a user-friendly and efficient way without breaking the bank. 
 




























Our Team
 
We're a diverse, international team passionate about creating extraordinary client experiences and serious about revolutionizing e-commerce. We are growing rapidly and we're always on the look out for smart, driven people to join our team. 
 
Get a closer look on  LinkedIn and Instagram.








Join our team
 See current openings



































hello@plytix.com
Bernhard Bangs Allé 25 2000 Frederiksberg Denmark
 +45 78 75 57 78 +1 617 906 6105
























solutions

Multichannel Product Distribution
Plytix for Brands
Plytix for Retailers

Software

Product Information Manager
Product Analytics Tool

resources

What is PIM?
PIM vs DAM
Analytics tool comparison
Product Updates
Support
Terms and conditions

plytix

About Us
Blog
Press
Career
Contact


















Our site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
More information
Close






























































Plytix - Product Analytics














404
OUCH!
Something went wrong, or that page doesn't exist... yet









 



Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 












































Skip To Content













 





















                Home
                






                Working with us
                






                        Working with us
                    




It starts with you
For us, success is about helping you reach your goals, not a number.
See how we work












Life Priority Tool






Assessment Tool








ML® solutions







About ML®









                Your life priorities
                





 Your life priorities
                    




What’s important to you?
You have priorities and we have the insights you need to keep them front and center.
See how












Finances





Home





Health





Family





Leisure





Giving





Work









                Research & insights
                






                        Our insights
                    




A real advantage
Industry-leading research and expert analysis are here to help you stay ahead.
Explore our insights















Markets








People








Innovation








Government








Earth









                Find an advisor
                









Get the right guidance for you
Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.
Contact a financial advisor



Not who you're looking for?
Get to know some of our other financial advisors.
Find another advisor















Search by Name







Search by Location









Search on LinkedIn




Your recently viewed advisor












Visit our page














Find an advisor


Contact Us


Client login









 

Checklist: 9 Questions Every Advisor Should Be Able to Answer 




Whatever your priorities, this can help you find someone who understands you and has the resources to help you manage your financial life 











AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER, WE ALL face major turning points in our lives—getting married, becoming a parent, receiving a life-changing promotion, getting ready to retire. At times like these, many people feel a need for financial help, and start to wonder whether working with a financial advisor might make sense. That's when the search begins.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future. Someone who'll be there for you for years to come, and who can provide more than just stock recommendations.
To find an advisor who can help you with those decisions, don't be afraid to ask the following tough questions—they'll help you get a clear idea of what you can expect from the relationship and whether it makes sense for you.
1. What types of clients do you work with?
Some advisors have special experience working with business owners or members of a specific profession. Others might have particular knowledge in a specialty, such as sustainable investing or retirement planning. Ask what team members or resources from around their company they can call upon to help you meet your specific needs.
The challenge is finding someone you'll feel comfortable talking to about the most personal things—your family, your money, your hopes for your future.
2. What is your track record?
No advisor can or should promise financial results based on past performance. And beware those who do. But an advisor with a record of long relationships with clients likely provides the kind of service that earns their loyalty.
3. How often will we talk?
An advisor should be committed to conversations in person, by phone, or online—whatever your preference is—as often as you require. Every client has different needs and expectations. Be upfront with the advisor about how frequently and by what means you would like to get together to discuss your finances.
4. How realistic are my goals?
Even if you have a strong idea of what you want to accomplish with your money, the right advisor can help you better understand and prioritize your goals, including making any necessary tradeoffs based on your finances, timelines and investing preferences.






MORE INSIGHTS
Wondering What It's Like to Work with an Advisor? Tune in to a candid conversation  on “The Value of Advice.” 
Watch the webcast



5. How will we keep my strategy on course?
Even the best strategy will need adjusting as financial markets and your goals change. An advisor should have a plan for regular reviews and the ability to correct as market conditions and your priorities shift.
6. What happens if the markets are volatile? Will you call me?
When markets get scary, there's nothing worse than feeling isolated and alone. One of an advisor's most vital functions is to reach out at such times, hear your concerns, offer perspective, and talk about any needed adjustments to your strategy.
7. What if I'm upset about a service issue or an investment?
As life becomes increasingly automated, there's nothing like a human voice and quick response when you're concerned about a financial matter. Advisors who define their success by your success will be eager to quickly resolve any such issues.
8. Who will I actually be working with?
Many advisors have teams of professionals to enhance the services they provide. Ask who you'd be working with on a regular basis and their level of experience. Beyond the immediate team, does the company supporting them have access to a broad array of financial insights and resources?
9. How do I pay you for your work?
It's never easy to ask, but the right advisors will welcome this question. Clarity about fees is vital to a successful relationship. Payment—whether a percentage of assets or per transaction—should be structured around your needs and preferences.






What Can an Advisor Do for You?
Watch "Making the Leap" to see how one couple – with the help of their advisor – built a business while keeping their retirement goals in sight. For more first-hand stories, visit "Working with Us."
Transcript of Video
















Connect with an advisor and start a conversation about your goals.





Give us a call at
1.866.706.8321
9am - 9pm EST, Monday - Friday





Have questions for your financial advisor?
Connect with to continue the conversation.

View Profile


Phone 
Email 






View Profile










Share:



Facebook


LinkedIn


Twitter


email








LEARN MORE ABOUT WORKING WITH MERRILL LYNCH






                Find the Right Advisor For you
            




                With over 14,000 financial advisors nationwide, find one who fits your needs.
            






Search yourLinkedIn network

Go

Contact your advisor
                            
                        






                Why a Merrill Lynch advisor?
            




                Our investment insights provide a valuable complement to a unique or tailored approach that revolves around you.
            

                        See how
                    






                Explore your goals
            




                This is all about you, from what you hope to achieve to what keeps you up at night.
            

                        Start exploring
                    






                2017 Midyear Market Check:
            




                Learn about the key issues that could impact your financial life.


                        Watch Our Webcast
                    






                Related articles
            









Are You Ready for Life’s Big Changes?
Read article



4 Big Retirement Risks—and How to Prepare for Them
Read article























Information for:
Corporations & Institutions Job Seekers Media & Journalists Shareholders









Discover Merrill Lynch:
About Us Working With Us Our Solutions Research & Insights Merrill Lynch Social Media









Get in touch:
Contact UsConnect with us:
Flipboard LinkedIn Twitter Youtube 















Site Map



Privacy & Security



Legal Information



MLPF&S Financial




BrokerCheck













Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investment products, insurance and annuity products:

Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity


Merrill Lynch makes available products and services offered by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Incorporated (MLPF&S), a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation. Insurance and annuity products are offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc., a licensed insurance agency and wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

Merrill Lynch is the marketing name for Merrill Lynch Wealth Management, and Merrill Edge®, both of which are made available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“MLPF&S”). Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
Trust and fiduciary services are provided by U.S. Trust, a division of Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC, or U.S. Trust Company of Delaware. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.










Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
MLPF&S and U.S. Trust make available investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America Corporation or in which Bank of America Corporation has a substantial economic interest.






            ©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
            

                
                    AR5FWD5G-EXP-2018-05-04
                    
                
            





X
You need to answer some questions first
Then we can provide you with relevant answers.
Get started




Top












Important notice: you are now leaving Merrill Lynch
By clicking continue, you will be taken to a website that is not affiliated with Merrill Lynch and may offer a different privacy policy and level of security. Merrill Lynch is not responsible for and does not endorse, guarantee or monitor content, availability, viewpoints, products or services that are offered or expressed on other websites.
You can click the "Return to Merrill Lynch" button now to return to the previous page, or you can close the new window after you leave.


Continue


Return to Merrill Lynch




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














 




Merrill Edge: Low Pricing. Plain and Simple.



































































|
Locations
|
About Us
|
Help
|
Login

Open An Account










 




Select link or press CTRL + Q to get a quote. Type a symbol or company name and press Enter.









Why Merrill EdgeInvesting & TradingGuidance & RetirementResearchInvestor EducationOpen An AccountForms LibraryOpen an Individual Retirement AccountOpen a College Investment AccountForms LibraryInvest With AdvisorsSmall Business Retirement MythsSite MapUS-TrustMerrill Edge Report InfographicsWomen and RetirementPersonal Retirement CalculatorHelp & SupportManaging market volatilityCareers at Merrill EdgeCollege Planning Calculator529 Plan State Tax CalculatorTaxable Equivalent Yield Calculator from Merrill EdgeAbout Merrill EdgeCash Distribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeETF Cost Comparison Calculator from Merrill EdgeMutual Fund Expense Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Contribution Calculator from Merrill EdgeAnnuity Accumulation and Payout CalculatorAnnuity Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeBenchmark Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeAfter-Tax Rate of Return Calculator from Merrill EdgeDollar Cost Averaging Calculator from Merrill EdgeInvestment Income Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeCost of Debt Calculator from Merrill EdgeMortgage Refinancing Calculator from Merrill Edge401(k) Rollover Calculator from Merrill EdgeHow to Find Money for Investing Amid Everyday ExpensesPersonal Net Worth Calculator from Merrill EdgeEstate Tax Calculator from Merrill EdgeSaving for retirementIRA Selector ToolSaving for collegeAbandoned Property & EscheatmentU.S. Department of LaborCompeting Financial GoalsWhat is Impact Investing?New Department of Labor (DOL) rules and your retirementHow to Build a PortfolioCompare Your Investing ChoicesInvesting ideas for the year aheadOnline broker comparisonOnline investing & tradingShould I Roll Over My 401(k)?Work OverviewYour first jobChanging jobsStarting a BusinessJob LossWorking in RetirementFamily & RelationshipsGetting MarriedStarting a FamilyInvesting for an EducationKids or Parents Moving InGetting DivorcedLosing a Loved OneReceiving an inheritanceLeaving Assets to HeirsLarge purchases overviewBuying a HomeSelling a HomeBuying a CarSaving for a Large PurchasePaying Off Student LoansHealth overviewManaging a disability or chronic illnessCaring for a sick or elderly loved onePossible Changes to Your Retirement Accounts
Investing StreamlinedHow We're DifferentInvesting Your WayFull Range of InvestmentsStep-by-Step GuidanceResearch & InsightsInvesting & Banking ConnectedSimple Flat-Rate PricingAwards & RecognitionWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorRewards & OffersSpecial OffersPreferred Rewards Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Investing by Life Stage Life Priorities       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Investment ChoicesCompare AllStocksOptionsETFsMutual FundsFixed Income & BondsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingMerrill Edge Select® PortfoliosWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSimplified InvestingBofAML US 1 ListMerrill Edge Select® FundsMerrill Edge Select® ETFsGeneral InvestingOnline Brokerage AccountInvestment ToolsMobile InvestingMerrill Edge MarketPro®Simple Flat-Rate PricingInvesting Costs & Fees Help When You Want It  New to Investing Investing by Life Stage 3 Steps to Build a Balanced Portfolio       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Step-by-Step GuidanceInvesting by Life StageInvesting InsightsTax PlanningLife PrioritiesWays to InvestOnline Investing & TradingGuided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorGeneral Investing SolutionsOnline Brokerage AccountRetirement GuidanceRetirement PlanningStarting OutBuilding WealthNearing RetirementIn RetirementRetirement SolutionsCompare IRAsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRACollege Savings PlansCollege Planning529 College Savings PlansCompare College Savings PlansSmall Business SolutionsSmall Business OverviewSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRACompare Self-Employed PlansCompare Employer Plans Help When You Want It  Prepare for Major Life Events Personal Retirement Calculator Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs College Planning Calculator Rolling Over a 401(k)       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Research SimplifiedMarket OverviewStock ResearchOptions ResearchETF ResearchMutual Fund ResearchFixed Income ResearchResearch & InsightsResearch & Insights OverviewBofA Merrill Lynch Global ResearchOur Perspectives Help When You Want It  Are You Saving Enough for Retirement? Ideas to Tackle the Cost of College Impact Investing Steps to Manage Future Health Costs Should You Roll Over Your 401(k)?       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  Resource CenterVideos & WebinarsArticle LibraryTools & CalculatorsMorningstar ClassroomExperience LevelBeginner InvestorIntermediate InvestorAdvanced InvestorInvestment EducationInvestor Education OverviewInvesting & MarketsStocks EducationETF EducationMutual Funds EducationFixed Income EducationAnnuities Education Help When You Want It  Investing by Life Stage New to Investing Personal Finance Budgeting & Debt Management Prepare for Major Life Events       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™   Help When You Need It  Choosing the Right IRA 401(k) Rollover Specialists Convert to a Roth IRA Transfer an Existing IRA Forms & Applications       888.637.3343 Call 24/7      Find a local Merrill Edge FinancialSolutions Advisor™  General InvestingIndividual Investing AccountJoint Investing AccountCustodial Investing AccountRetirement AccountsRollover IRATraditional IRARoth IRAInherited IRATraditional Inherited IRARoth Inherited IRARollover Inherited IRACollege Planning Accounts529 College Savings PlansCustodial UGMA/UTMA AccountsManaged PortfoliosMerrill Edge Guided InvestingInvest with an AdvisorSmall Business AccountsSmall Business 401(k)Individual 401(k)SEP IRASIMPLE IRABusiness Investor AccountSimple Flat-Rate Pricinglnvesting Costs & Fees























Menu





Sign In


 




Why Merrill Edge


Investing your way


Overview
Online Investing & Trading
Guided Investing
Invest with an Advisor




Investment choices


Investment choices overview 
Stocks
ETFs
Mutual Funds
Fixed Income & Bonds
Options
Managed Portfolios
Merrill Edge Guided Investing
Merrill Edge Select® Portfolios




General Investing


Online Brokerage Account




Retirement


Retirement overview
Retirement planning
Starting out
Building wealth
Nearing retirement
In retirement
Retirement accounts
Rollover IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth IRA
Compare IRAs




Saving for college


Saving for college overview
College planning
Before college 
Nearing college 
During college & beyond 
College savings plans
529 college savings plan
Custodial account (UGMA/UTMA)
Compare college savings plans




Small business solutions


Small business overview
Self-employed retirement plans
Individual 401(k)
SEP IRA
Compare self-employed plans
Employer retirement plans
Small Business 401(k)
SEP IRA
SIMPLE IRA
Compare employer plans




Life events


Life priorities


Investor education


Tools and calculators


Pricing & special offers


Open an account


Contact us





Get up to


when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge investment account or IRA.
Learn more
 
Open an account
Or call us 24/7 at 866.460.1282






Low pricing. Plain and simple.

Per online equity and ETF trade


Low pricing. Plain and simple.
Pay just $6.95 per online equity and ETF trade. No investment or trade minimums.
+Other fees may apply



Open a Merrill Edge® account in just minutes
Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone


Enjoy all the benefits of Merrill Edge®



Simple flat rate pricing
Get simple flat-rate pricing of $6.95 per online stock and ETF trade with no balance or trade minimums. Or learn how to qualify for thirty $0* online stock and ETF trades per month with Preferred Rewards1.
+Other fees may apply.


Investment & banking on one page
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts with one login.


Full range of investment offerings
Select from thousands of mutual funds, ETFs, stocks, bonds and other investments.




Research and tools
Make informed investment decisions with access to independent research, the insights of Merrill Lynch and easy-to-use tools.


Access anytime, anywhere
See your Merrill Edge investment and Bank of America bank accounts—online, on your mobile device and at thousands of Bank of America ATMs.


Get up to $600
Open and fund a Merrill Edge account and get up to $600.2






Get up to $600 when you open and fund a new Merrill Edge retirement account.2

Get started


Get started

Use offer code ME600



Or call to apply by phone






4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.











4 bonus levels


Cash reward
Qualifying assets


$100
$20,000


$150
$50,000


$250
$100,000


$600
$200,000+




3 ways to enroll


Click "Get started" on this page to open your account.
Call 1.888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343).
Ask a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor™ for the offer at select Bank of America financial centers.




2 qualifications


Make a qualifying deposit to your new account within 45 days.
Maintain your qualifying deposit for at least 90 days.

You'll receive your cash bonus within 2 weeks after the 90-day qualifying period.







*Sales are subject to a transaction fee of between $0.01 and $0.03 per $1,000 of principal. There are costs associated with owning ETFs. To learn more about Merrill Edge pricing, visit merrilledge.com/pricing.
Privacy & Security | Advertising practices
Advertising Practices

1 Eligibility: Commissions are only waived for online stock and ETF trades conducted via an individual or jointly owned online investing and trading personal CMA or IRA account.

Qualify for 30 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

$25,000 or more in combined balances in your Bank of America deposit accounts through 09/30/2017
$25,000 or more in combined cash balances in your Merrill Edge online investing and trading personal CMA and/or IRA accounts through 09/30/2017
Preferred Rewards Platinum client

Qualify for 100 $0 online stock and ETF trades per month (meet any one of these criteria):

Preferred Rewards Platinum Honors clients
U.S. Trust Client

			For details about commissions, transaction fees and any other fees that may apply visit merrilledge.com/pricing. Certain account types are not eligible. Other restrictions may apply. Relationship requirements and pricing are subject to change and/or termination without advance notice. For full details about ways to qualify for $0 trades, call 888.MER.EDGE (888.637.3343) or visit merrilledge.com/$0detail.
2 Offer valid only for new Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA accounts. Offer is limited to one per account type (CMA or IRA); two total per accountholder (or per all accountholders of a joint account). Eligible IRAs limited to Rollover, Traditional, Roth and Sole-Proprietor SEP IRAs only. This offer does not apply to Merrill Edge Guided Investing Accounts, Business/Corporate Accounts, Investment Club Accounts, Partnership Accounts and certain fiduciary accounts held with Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S). Merrill Edge reserves the right to change or cancel this offer at any time.
			
How to Enroll: Customers must enroll by entering the offer code in the online application or providing the code when speaking with a Merrill Edge Financial Solutions Advisor at 888.637.3343 or select Bank of America financial centers.
			
How it works:

Enroll in offer when you open an account or ask to be enrolled.
Fund your account within 45 days with funds originating outside Bank of America and MLPF&S. Funds cannot originate from 401(k) accounts administered by MLPF&S.
For purposes of this offer, qualifying balances are calculated by adding total incoming assets or transfers (including cash, securities and/or margin debit balance transfers) from external accounts, and subtracting assets withdrawn or transferred out of the account within the 90-day holding period.
Assets of $20,000 to $49,999 in cash and/or securities receive $100; for $50,000-$99,999 receive $150; for $100,000-$199,999 receive $250; for $200,000 or more receive $600. You must have the qualifying balance 90 days after funding.
Your one-time cash reward will be deposited into your IRA or CMA within two weeks after you meet qualifying criteria.

If your new account is a Merrill Edge self-directed IRA or CMA account, you also qualify for the following benefits:

Commission-free trades begin within 5 business days of account opening and must be used within 90 calendar days; up to 300 trades per account. Commission-free trades are only applicable in the new self directed account and are limited to online equity and ETF trades. Brokerage fees associated with, but not limited to, margin transactions, option trading, special stock registration/gifting, account transfer and processing, research request and termination apply. Trades are not transferable and are not available for Merrill Edge Advisory Center accounts or other Merrill Lynch Wealth Management accounts. Merrill Edge does not, and this offer is not meant to, promote day trading or solicit engagement in day trading activities. Day trading can be extremely risky. Investors are solely responsible for their own investment decisions, and should research any investment strategy carefully before investing.
Merrill Edge MarketPro Trial begins within 5 business days of opening your self-directed account and expires after 90 calendar days. To learn about additional ways to qualify for Merrill Edge MarketPro, see merrilledge.com/marketpro. Not available for employees of Bank of America or Merrill Lynch and business accounts.

Tax Disclaimer: The value of this reward you receive may constitute taxable income. In addition, Merrill Lynch may issue an Internal Revenue Service Form 1099 (or other appropriate form) to you that reflects the value of this reward. Please consult your tax advisor, as Bank of America Corporation and its affiliates and associates do not provide tax advice.
			
			This offer may not be used as an inducement to sell any kind of insurance, including life insurance or annuities.
			
			Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., member FDIC and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
			
			ARGLWQ9M
		





Connect with us:





Connect with us:





		Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
		
		Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
		
		Merrill Edge is available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (MLPF&S), and consists of the Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) and self-directed online investing.
		
		Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.
		
Investment Products:


Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value



		MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC)Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.
		
		©
		 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
	














































I'd Like to


Plan for Retirement
Plan for College
Create an Emergency Fund
Create an Investment Strategy 
Open an Account




Discover Merrill Edge®


Why Merrill Edge
Pricing
Preferred Rewards
Mobile Investing
Merrill Edge Online Trading
Merrill Edge Careers




Awards & Recognition

2017 Best Online Broker Survey *

Merrill Edge's Contact Centers have been recognized by J.D. Power for providing "An Outstanding Customer Service Experience" for the Live Phone Channel**


Contact Us


1.888.637.3343
Representatives are available 24/7

Open an account
Connect with us:














 Merrill Edge was one of 16 brokers evaluated in the Barron's 2017 Best Online Broker Survey, March 18, 2017. Barron's evaluated firms in 8 categories to rate and rank the firms in those categories, by investor type and provide an overall rating & ranking. Learn more at http://webreprints.djreprints.com/53278.html Barron's is a trademark of Dow Jones & Co., L.P. All rights reserved. Reprinted with permission of Barron's.





** J.D. Power 2016 Certified Contact Center ProgramSM recognition is based on successful completion of an audit and exceeding a customer satisfaction benchmark through a survey of recent servicing interactions. For more information, visit www.jdpower.com/ccc.
Investing in securities involves risks, and there is always the potential of losing money when you invest in securities.
The performance data contained herein represents past performance which does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. For performance information current to the most recent month end, please contact us.
Returns include fees and applicable loads. Since Inception returns are provided for funds with less than 10 years of history and are as of the fund's inception date. 10 year returns are provided for funds with greater than 10 years of history.
Before investing consider carefully the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the fund, including management fees, other expenses and special risks. This and other information may be found in each fund's prospectus or summary prospectus, if available. Always read the prospectus or summary prospectus carefully before you invest or send money. Prospectuses can be obtained by contacting us.
Expense Ratio – Gross Expense Ratio is the total annual operating expense (before waivers or reimbursements) from the fund's most recent prospectus. You should also review the fund's detailed annual fund operating expenses which are provided in the fund's prospectus.
Neither Merrill Lynch nor any of its affiliates or financial advisors provide legal, tax or accounting advice. You should consult your legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
Merrill Edge, available through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated ("MLPF&S"), consists of Merrill Edge Advisory Center (investment guidance) or self-directed online investing.
Banking products are provided by Bank of America, N.A. and affiliated banks, Members FDIC and wholly owned subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc. and MLPF&S, a registered broker-dealer and Member Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), are wholly-owned subsidiaries of BofA Corp.

Investment products offered through MLPF&S and insurance and annuity products offered through Merrill Lynch Life Agency Inc.:




Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value


Are Not Deposits
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency
Are Not a Condition to Any Banking Service or Activity






Privacy & Security | Site Map | Software Requirements | Routing & Executions | Web Accessibility | Email us at ContactME@ml.com | Advertising Practices
Forms & Applications | Legal Information | Business Continuity | Deposit Account & Money Fund Rates | Bank of America Newsroom | Merrill Edge Report




©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
ARFXK3WP-EXP033118





2471A593 (SCB*******801)





    






