










Catalyst Investors - New York Based Growth Equity


























 






LP LOGIN |
Contact |
Subscribe | 
Terms of Use


Subscribe to Our Newsletter






First Name



Last Name






Email





Company















Toggle navigation






















Growth equity for technology-enabled businesses

EXPLORE OUR FOCUS


Catalyst Investors






Growth equity for technology-enabled businesses

Explore Our Portfolio


BrightFarms greens






Growth equity for technology-enabled businesses

Discover What Catalyst is About


Todd Clapp, Partner






Growth equity for technology-enabled businesses

Meet Our Advisory Group


Mia Hegazy, Senior Associate






Growth equity for technology-enabled businesses

Meet Our Team


Kapil Desai, Brian Rich, & Gene Wolfson






Growth equity for technology-enabled businesses

Discover Our News


Susan Bihler, Principal






Growth equity for technology-enabled businesses

Explore Our Research


Tyler Newton, Partner






Insight
Catalyst has a deep understanding of its target sectors and continually explores new growth areas for investment.


Research
Catalyst formulates actionable investment themes and seeks out world-class managers and companies who share our vision.


Results
Catalyst partners with talented management teams to create value, manage risk, and drive superior performance.








“Catalyst is proactive in defining the sectors they participate in, finding hidden seams of gold, and not simply following others in the space – they strike a great balance between being founder-friendly and also looking after their limited partners at every step of the journey.”
– John McKinley, Former CTO, AOL


“I’ve looked at wireless spectrum for more than 15 years; it offers a lot of opportunities. The Catalyst team understands this market as well as any investment firm around.”
– Harold Furchgott-Roth, Furchgott-Roth Economic Enterprises


“As an investor, the Catalyst team is remarkably approachable and transparent, consistently deliver excellent reporting, and continue getting better at it.”
– Greg Marchbanks, Managing Director, Prime New Ventures


“As a serial entrepreneur at heart, Catalyst is unique in that it has deep industry and subject matter expertise but also the flexibility to identify and invest in true growth stage opportunities.”
– Dave Schaeffer, CEO, Cogent Communications










About Catalyst
Catalyst Investors employs a proactive, research-based approach to investing. We target sectors that are experiencing above average growth.
Find out more about us >







Catalyst Portfolio
EXPLORE OUR INVESTMENTS >





Catalyst Team
Catalyst Investors’ founding partners have worked together since the mid-1990s. We have invested in more than 50 portfolio companies and completed 100+ consolidating acquisitions.




Latest News

July 26, 2017
Catalyst portfolio company WeddingWire expands to India
READ ARTICLE >





















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 


Catalyst FundCatalyst Private Equity Fund – Catalyst Fund

























 
























 














 






























Menu
 













 




















CATALYST  
		

"The growth of Israeli technology in emerging countries." 
		


























 









OUR FACTS










OUR FIRM


Catalyst is a leading private equity firm in Israel with more than $250 million in assets under management. Since its founding in 1999, Catalyst has successfully completed over 25 investments and raised three funds.





Catalyst uses its knowledge, experience and resources to invest sensibly, create value for its portfolio companies and generate maximum returns for investors. We typically support capital and long-term growth of mature Israeli and Israeli-related innovative companies that have significant revenue, an impressive management team and a meaningful growth potential in global markets, with a special focus on China and other emerging markets. We at Catalyst see our platform as a highly effective conduit for Israeli innovative companies who are seeking global expansion, with a special emphasis on market entry into China backed by strong partners.
Catalyst leverages its unparalleled access to Israeli deal flow and global based network of partners, investors and strategic relationships across Israel, Europe, the US and China to create value for both our investors and our portfolio companies. Our managing partners enjoy a global and multidisciplinary background, wide-reaching operational, financial and sector expertise, significant business networks and vast transactional experience in global capital markets and cross-border M&A.





Catalyst’s current and past portfolio of companies include: Mobileye (NASDAQ, market cap $8.8B), Omrix Biopharmaceuticals (IPO on NASDAQ and then acquisition by Johnson & Johnson), Orex CR Technologies (acquired by Kodak), Lamina Technologies, Dori Media Group, Tufin and many others.





















































































 













Catalyst-CEL FundOur latest private equity Fund was established in 2014 together with a strong financial partner in Hong Kong. The Fund supports the growth of mature Israeli companies and expansion into Greater China.
MORE








Catalyst Fund II L.P.Catalyst’s second fund was established in 2006, moved away from VC investing and focused on private equity later-stage investment opportunities. Prominent exits: Mobileye’s IPO on Nasdaq. The Fund is still active until 2016.
MORE








Catalyst Fund L.P.Established in 1999, Catalyst’s first fund was a venture capital fund that focused on maturing Israeli technology investments.
MORE






















OUR PEOPLEEveryoneHong-KongInvestment CommitteeIsrael 
Yair ShamirFounding and Managing Partner 











 



    Yair Shamir 
    Founding and Managing Partner  



Mr. Yair Shamir is the Founding and Managing Partner of Catalyst Investments. 
Mr. Shamir was elected Parliament Member and served as Minister of Agriculture of the State of Israel in the 19th Knesset from 2013 until 2015.
Mr. Shamir is now serving as the chairman of board of N.T.A - Metropolitan Mass Transit System. He also serves as the President of the Israel Nature and Heritage Foundation, as the Chairman of the General Meeting of Ohalo College and as the Chairman of the Shalem Collage, a research and educational institute in Jerusalem.
Mr. Shamir served as the Chairman of Israel’s National Roads Company from 2011 until 2012. Mr. Shamir served as the Chairman of IAI (Israel Aerospace Industries) from 2005 until 2011. From 2003-2007, Mr. Shamir was the Chairman of Shamir Optical Industry Ltd (NASDAQ: SHMR). From 2004-2005, Mr. Shamir served as the Chairman of EL AL and lead the privatization process of the airline carrier. From 1997- 2006, Mr. Shamir served as the CEO and Chairman of VCON Telecommunications Ltd. Yair was a board member of DSP Group Corporation (NASDAQ: DSPG) from 2005 until 2013. Yair was the CEO of Elite Food Industries, Ltd between the years of 1994 and 1995. He was also the Executive VP of Scitex Corporation and General Manager of Scitex Israel from 1988 until 1993.
Mr. Shamir served as a Board member of private hi-tech companies that were part of Catalyst’s investment portfolio such as Mobileye (largest Israeli IPO in 2014), Harmoni.ie and was a director of Tufin. From 1995 to 1997, Mr. Shamir served as Executive Vice President of the Challenge Fund L.P.
Mr. Shamir served in the Israeli Air Force as a pilot and commander from 1963-1988. During his term in the Air Force, Mr. Shamir attained the rank of colonel and served as head of the electronics department, the highest professional electronics position within the Israeli Air Force.
He was the Chairman of Gvahim (from 2006 to 2013), a non-profit organization which assists qualified new immigrants from around the world in realizing their professional aspirations in Israel. He was also the Board Member of Mikveh Israel from 2010 until 2013. Mr. Shamir was also a member of the Board of Governors of the Technion University and sat on the executive committee of the Beer Sheva University from 1990 until 2013.
Mr. Shamir holds a B.Sc. Electronics Engineering from the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology.
Mr. Shamir is now serving as the chairman of board of N.T.A - Metropolitan Mass Transit System.
Mr. Shamir also serves as the President of the Israel Nature and Heritage Foundation and as the Chairman of the General Meeting of Ohalo College. 


Edouard CukiermanFounding and Managing Partner











 



    Edouard Cukierman 
    Founding and Managing Partner 



Mr. Edouard Cukierman is the Founder and Managing Partner of Catalyst Investments and serves as the Chairman of Cukierman & Co. Investment House. Since its establishment in 1993, Cukierman & Co. Investment House advised in more than € 4 billion worth of corporate finance transactions.
Prior to establishing and managing Catalyst Investments in 2000, Mr. Cukierman was the President and CEO of Astra Technological Investments, a Venture Capital Fund established in 1993, which was the first Israeli company to go public in Continental Europe. He is also the Founder of the Go4Europe annual conference.
Today, Edouard Cukierman serves as Chairman of BOS (NASDAQ: BOSC). He is a board member of Lamina Technologies which is based in Switzerland, Tufin technologies, Dori Media Group as well as Harmon.ie in Israel. Edouard Cukierman is the Chairman of the European Committee of the "High-Tech Industry Association" in Israel since May 2011.
Mr. Cukierman serves as the Vice President of the Fondation France Israël. He is a board member of "Alliance Israelite Universelle en Israel" and a board member of Sar-El (Association that brings volunteers from across the world to the IDF in Israel).
In the past, he was also the President of the Supervisory Board of Citec Environment SA in Paris.He was a Board member of Orex, MTI Wireless and other portfolio companies of Catalyst Investments and served as a Board member of Otto Capital, a Singapore based VC fund.
He now serves as a reserve officer in the Crisis & Hostage Negotiation team and in the Spokesperson’s Unit of the IDF.Edouard Cukierman together with Dr. Daniel Rouach co-authored the book “Israel Valley Le bouclier technologique de l’innovation” published in June 2013 by Edition Pearson in Paris and in Chinese in October 2014.
Mr. Cukierman holds an MBA from INSEAD, France and a B.Sc. from the Technion – Israel’s Institute of Technology. 


Boaz HarelSenior Partner 











 



    Boaz Harel 
    Senior Partner  



Mr. Harel brings 20 years of management experience in various industries including hi-tech to the Catalyst management team. In 1990, he established Mashik-Research & Systems for Business Development Ltd, A consulting firm Consisting of 40 management consultants and industrial engineers. From 1993 until 1997, Boaz served as President and CEO of Leedan Holdings, a holding company with major stakes in approximately 25 companies. From 1996 until 2001, he worked in Leedans NY office in order to develop these investments. Boaz Oversaw Acquisitions and new investments, and developed a reputation as a company turn-around specialist. Mr. Harel was also the Chairman of ICTS International - both public companies traded on Nasdaq. Mr. Harel holds a B.Sc. in Industrial and Management Engineering from the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology. 


Shuang ChenBoard and Investment Committee Member of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Shuang Chen 
    Board and Investment Committee Member of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Mr. Chen Shuang, is a member of the Executive Committee and the Strategy Committee of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Management Decision Committee of the Group. He is responsible for the overall operation of the Group.
Mr. Chen is also a director and deputy general manager of` China Everbright Holdings Company Limited, a director of Everbright Securities Company Limited (stock code: SH 601788), a supervisor of China Everbright Bank Company Limited (stock code: SH 601818, HK 6818), an independent director of Noah Holdings Limited (stock code: NOAH.N) and an independent nonexecutive director of China Nonferrous Mining Corporation Limited (stock code: HK 1258). He is currently a non-official member of Financial Services Development Council, the Chairman of Chinese Financial Association of Hong Kong, the Vice-Chairman of Chinese Securities Association of Hong Kong and the visiting professor of East China University of Political Science and Law.
Mr. Chen holds a Master of Laws Degree from East China University of Political Science and Law and a Diploma in Legal Studies from the School of Professional and Continuing Education of the University of Hong Kong. He is a qualified lawyer in the PRC and a senior economist. Prior to joining China Everbright Group, Mr. Chen was the Chief of the Legal Department of Bank of Communications. He has over 20 years of extensive experience in commercial banking and investment banking. He joined the Board in August 2004. 


Richard TangBoard Member and Investment Committee Member of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Richard Tang 
    Board Member and Investment Committee Member of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Richard Tang is the Chief Financial Officer of the China Everbright Limited ("CEL", SEHK:165), Managing Partner of Catalyst CEL Fund and also serves on the Investment Committee.He has overall responsibility for supervising the financial resources planning, allocation and control of CEL. Mr. Tang is a member of Executive Committee of the board of CEL. Mr. Tang is a Non-executive director of China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited (stock code: HK 1848). He was a director of Everbright Securities Company Limited (stock code: SH 601788) from February 2008 to January 2011. Mr. Tang is a Certified Public Accountant and is a graduate of the Accountancy Department from Hong Kong Polytechnic. He is a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and has over 22 years of experience in audit, investment, accounting and finance. Since 1990, Mr. Tang had been engaged as department head of the financial and business operations of various international financial institutions. He joined CEL in September 2005 and joined the board of CEL in July 2007. 


Shengyan FanManaging Partner of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Shengyan Fan 
    Managing Partner of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Joined CEL in 2009. Oversees the day-to-day operation of Strategic Investment & Development Department, responsible for CEL’s new business development in strategic investments and mergers & acquisitions projectPreviously over ten years of experience with increasing responsibility at multinational investment banksBA and BS from Tsinghua University (Beijing) and a MA from the University of Oxford. 


John ChanManaging Partner of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    John Chan 
    Managing Partner of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Responsible for M&A transactions in relation to principal investment, strategic development initiatives, including forming cooperation with international partnersPreviously over ten years of experience working with regional and international financial institutions and investment banksJoined CEL in 2010MA and BA from University of Cambridge. 


Dorothee MoshevichPartner











 



    Dorothee Moshevich 
    Partner 



Dorothee Moshevich is a Partner at Catalyst Funds. She joined Catalyst team in 2006 and is responsible of the Portfolio Companies, from the due diligence process, the negotiation and structuring of the deals and the monitoring of the portfolio companies until the exit. Along with the CFO of the fund, she in charge of the fund's accounting, legal and administrative issues. Prior to joining Catalyst, Dorothee served as an analyst at ING Bank-France in the Corporate Finance department and as a Product Launch coordinator at CATHERINE M. ZADEH in New York. Dorothee holds a Master Degree in Management from Rouen School of Management, France with a specialization in finance and accounting. 


Olga BermantDirector











 



    Olga Bermant 
    Director 



Ms. Olga Bermant joined Catalyst in 2012. She was instrumental in the fundraising process of the latest Catalyst Fund (Catalyst CEL Fund) and is responsible for analyzing incoming investment opportunities. The Catalyst-CEL Fund is the first Israel-China investment fund which supports the growth of innovative Israeli companies expanding in China. She is a Board Member of Tufin Technologies and harmon.ie, two portfolio companies of the previous Catalyst II Private Equity Fund. Olga was chosen by Forbes Magazine as one of Israel's most promising professionals in the finance sector for 2016 in their 30 Under 30 List.
 
Before joining Catalyst, Olga was a financial and media analyst at an American start-up based in Israel. Prior to that she worked in the international department of the Israel Antitrust Authority as part of an elite program which enables young Jewish leaders to come to Israel and work with the government. While there, Olga co-authored the OECD report on Israel’s competition policy.
 
While studying Literature and Modern Languages at the University of Oxford, Olga was actively involved in pro-Israel advocacy. She was President of Oxford’s Jewish Society and co-Founder of the Israel Society. After university, she was a consultant to the Israeli Embassy on fighting academic boycotts on British campuses.  
 
Olga was born in St. Petersburg in Russia. Aged 7, she moved to Berlin in Germany together with her family and completed her high school and university studies in the UK. She currently lives and works in Israel. Olga is fluent in 4 languages and has a strong international background and cross-cultural communication skills.
  


Yaron YonatiVP Finance











 



    Yaron Yonati 
    VP Finance 



Yaron Yonati joined Catalyst as a CFO in November 2015 and brings with him extensive experience in accounting, finance, taxes, business management and operations. Prior to joining Catalyst, Yaron served as CPA in the audit department at Erez Komornik CPA firm for allmost 5 years.
During his work, he has gathered audit records of large companies and also fill position of financial controller in international company. 
Before that Yaron worked for Shaham&Co CPA as an intern for 2 years. Yaron is a CPA and a member of the institution of Certified Public Accountants in Israel (ICPAS).  He holds a Bachelors Degree (B.A) in Business Administration and Accounting from Ono Academic center. 


Alex LuVice President of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Alex Lu 
    Vice President of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Mr. Lu is the Vice President of the Mergers & Acquisitions Department of CEL and the Vice President of CEL Catalyst China Israel Fund. Mr. Lu Joined CEL in 2013 and has over eight years of experience in M&A and corporate finance gained from international and regional investment banks.Mr. Lu holds MPhil and BS from the University of Hong Kong and he is also Certified Public Accountant. 


Alan LauSenior Associate, CEL Fund











 



    Alan Lau 
    Senior Associate, CEL Fund 



Mr. Lau is the Senior Associate of the Mergers & Acquisitions Department of CEL and he is also the Senior Associate of CEL Catalyst China Israel Fund. Mr. Liu Joined CEL in 2011. He has over eight years of experience in M&A, corporate finance and investment research.Mr. Lau holds BBA (Finance) from the Chinese University of HK and MSc (Law and Accounting) from the London School of Economics and he is also a CFA charter holder. 


Audrey GozlanExecutive Assistant to Edouard Cukierman











 



    Audrey Gozlan 
    Executive Assistant to Edouard Cukierman 



Audrey Gozlan joined Catalyst Fund in 2008 as a Personal Assistant to Edouard Cukierman. Prior to joining Catalyst, Audrey served as web manager for an Israeli e-newspaper specializing in High Tech. Fifteen years ago, after studying Tourism at the "Ecole Francaise de Tourisme" in Paris, Audrey settled in Israel. 


Roger CukiermanBoard Member of Catalyst II and Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Roger Cukierman 
    Board Member of Catalyst II and Catalyst CEL Fund 



Mr. Roger Cukierman is the Vice-President of the World Jewish Congress and of the European Jewish Congress, vice president of Alliance Israelite Universelle and director of the Claims Conference. Mr. Cukierman was until May 2007, the President of the CRIF (French Jewish Community). Mr. Cukierman was the former CEO of the Edmond de Rothschild Group as well as former CEO of the Israel General Bank and Israel 2000 Mutual Fund. Mr. Cukierman also served as president of the venture capital firm established by the Rothschild Group. His experience includes directorships of several international groups such as Club Med, Publicis, and the Association of French Bankers. Mr. Cukierman holds a doctorate degree in economics from the Paris University, a bachelor's in law, and the ESCP - European School of Management- diploma in business administration. He is also the author of The Capital in the Japanese Economy. 


Luc MullerBoard Member of Catalyst II











 



    Luc Muller 
    Board Member of Catalyst II 



Luc Muller is the Founder and Chairman of Euro-Asian Management Advisory Pte. Ltd. (Euro-Asian), an Executive Management firm started in 2016 and specializing in helping companies develop their international business or   restructure difficult operations. Euro-Asian is active either as a Board member, temporary executive management, or as stakeholder advisor.
Luc Muller currently serves as well as CEO of OHAP in Singapore, a trading company active in the environmental and plastics sectors with operations in 7 Asian countries.
Luc Muller holds several non-executive positions:

Chairman of Lamina Technologies (Yverdon, Switzerland),
Vice-Chairman of the Board of Cukierman Investment House Ltd.(Tel-Aviv, Israel),
Member of the Board of OTTO Industries N.A., Inc. (Charlotte, USA).

 
Luc Muller spent 24 years in the OTTO Group, a family-owned globally diversified industrial group and acted as its CEO from 2000 until December 2015. Mr. Muller led market entries, merger and acquisition projects as well as divestitures and corporate restructurings in Europe, the USA, Mexico, Brazil, South Africa, Asia and Australia in both manufacturing and services. Through the private equity arm of OTTO, he led small size investments in venture capital in the U.S, Germany, France, Switzerland, Israel and Taiwan.  
Luc Muller was also a Board Member of Israeli private equity funds Catalyst I and Catalyst II.Luc Muller, an avid art supporter, is Vice-Chairman of The Glass Art Fund (non-profit, France).Mr. Muller's holds an MBA from INSEAD (France / Singapore), and a bachelor's degree in finance and controlling from the European Business School of the University of Strasbourg, France (IECS). 


Antony LeungAdvisory  Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Antony Leung 
    Advisory  Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Antony Leung, former Financial Secretary of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, is Group CEO of Nan Fung Group, a leading regional conglomerate focusing on property & investment businesses.  He is also Independent Non-Executive Director of China Merchants Bank, Chairman of charity organizations Heifer International Hong Kong and Food Angel, and Chairman of Harvard Business School Association of Hong Kong.
Mr. Leung has extensive experience in financial services, including Chairman of Greater China of Blackstone, Chairman of Asia of JP Morgan Chase, Asia Head of Citi Private Bank, Regional Head of Citi Investment Bank, Treasury and Greater China.  In addition, he was independent director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Mobile (Hong Kong) Limited, American International Assurance (Hong Kong) Limited, and international advisory board member of China Development Bank. His past public service include Non-Official Member of the Executive Council, member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee, Hong Kong Airport Authority, Chairman of the Education Commission and University Grants Committee in Hong Kong. 


Dr. Lee George LAMAdvisory  Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Dr. Lee George LAM 
    Advisory  Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Dr. Lee George LAM holds a Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and Sciences, a Master of Science in Systems Science, and a Master of Business Administration, all from the University of Ottawa in Canada, a Post-graduate Diploma in Public Administration from Carleton University in Canada, a Post-graduate Diploma in English and Hong Kong Law and a Bachelor of Law (Hons) from Manchester Metropolitan University in the United Kingdom, a PCLL in law from the City University of Hong Kong, a Certificate in Professional Accountancy from the School of Continuing and Professional Studies of The Chinese University of Hong Kong, a LLM in law from the University of Wolverhampton in the United Kingdom, a Doctor of Philosophy and a Master ofPublic Administration from The University of Hong Kong. Dr. Lam has over 30 years of multinational general management, management consulting, corporate governance, investment banking, direct investment and investment fund management experience. Dr. Lam is Chairman – Indochina, Myanmar and Thailand of Macquarie Capital (an international investment bank from Australia). He serves on the board of several publicly-listed companies and investment funds in the Asia Pacific region. Having served as a part-time member of the Central Policy Unit of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for two terms and the Legal Aid Services Council, Dr. Lam is a member of the General Committee and the Corporate Governance Committee of The Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies, a member of the Derivatives Market Consultative Panel of Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited, a non-official member of the New Business Committee of the Financial Services Development Council, a visiting professor a the School of Economics & Management of Tsinghua University in Beijing, and an adjunct professor at the Department of Management in the Chinese University of Hong Kong. 


Yair ZivAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Yair Ziv 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Yair Ziv is the Partner at VIYM Investment Firm. Yair has more than 20 years of cumulative international experience in mining, oil & gas, commodity trading and CRE investments. He brings to VIYM his experience in capital markets and commercial property investment management in the OECD and in emerging markets.
From 1993 to 2003, Yair served as a Director of Subsidiaries for Topland Group PLC, a major investment company in UK commercial property, with a portfolio valued at over GBP 2.5 billion.
He has a degree in political science from Tel Aviv University and, after some further academic study and a period in the Israeli Foreign Office, he became the General Manager of Meridian Commodities, a group trading in bulk grains and foodstuffs. During his time at Meridian Commodities, Yair acquired expertise in international finance, banking and company administration.
He is fluent in English and Hebrew. 


Gad PropperAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund











 



    Gad Propper 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst CEL Fund 



Gad Propper is the chairman of Gad-Pro Investments Ltd and its sister companies, dealing with Private Equity and Real Estate development projects. Gad is also the chairman of L'Oreal Israel.Gad was honored by the Queen of England as Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE), and by the President of France as a Chevalier de Legion D'Honneur.Gad is chairing the Israel -EU Chamber of Commerce and Industry and is member of the Board of Governors of the Tel Aviv University, the Shenkar College of Engineering & Design and of the Tel Aviv Museum of Art.Gad is active as Director of various companies, was chairman of the Israel Export Institute, chaired the Association of Building Material and Consumer Goods Division at the Israel manufacturers association and was member of the Presidium of the Israel Manufacturers Association. 


Laurent DassaultAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst II











 



    Laurent Dassault 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst II 



Mr. Dassault is the Vice President of the GIMD (Groupe Industriel Marcel Dassault). Within the family, he is in charge of the diversification of the group's activities and of its investments. He is also the ambassador of the group abroad.He also organized the acquisition of Château La Fleur. In addition to wine and real estate investments, Mr. Dassault and his father are also involved in the development of a technically high performing electric car, in cooperation with Electricité de France (EDF - France's main Electricity Operator) and the Heuliez group to improve urban environment and fight urban pollution. Mr. Dassault exercises thirty mandates in the financial, industrial and viticultural sectors, which places him -according to a Monde Diplomatique poll- at the 22nd rank on the list of the most powerful Frenchmen in the economic and financial world. 


Joel AdlerAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst II











 



    Joel Adler 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst II 



Mr. Adler is a leading partner in the Corporate Group at the renowned UK law firm Mishcon de Reya in London. Joel has a wide range of experience in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, private equity transactional work and IPO on the London Stock Exchange. He specialises in advising international entrepreneurs and corporate in international transactions involving a number of overseas jurisdictions in a variety of business sectors and is known for his lateral solution orientated thinking. He has established a wide network of professional and business relationships in the USA, Europe and Israel. Mr. Adler received an LL.B. in Israel and a Master's Degree in Law at London University. 


Itzik DevashAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst II











 



    Itzik Devash 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst II 



Mr. Devash is a business and social entrepreneur with thirteen years of international private equity and venture capital experience and several years of experience as an international Investment Banker with Credit Suisse First Boston in New York, London and Tokyo. He founded two private equity funds and forged strategic alliances with large global institutions including, Hambros Bank Plc, Nomura Japan, Jafco Singapore and Israel Discount Bank. Among Mr. Devash's successful exits are: Morecom (enabling the transmission of the internet over cable TV- that was sold to Liberate for $561 million),Israel Direct Insurance global operations and Shahal Telemedicine (world leader in telemedicine that was listed in Swiss stock market and that received an investment of $40 million from Philips). Before founding these funds, Mr. Devash managed the $157 million Renaissance Fund. More recently, he co-founded a biotechnology start-up company called BiondVax Pharmaceuticals that is developing a multi-season/multi-strain vaccine against the Influenza virus. Mr. Devash is the Founder and President of the Wharton-Penn Club of Israel and of the Harvard Business School Alumni Association of Israel. Mr. Devash serves on the Executive Board of Wharton for Europe, Africa and the Middle East and as a member of Board of Governors of Ben Gurion University in the Negev and the Board of Governors of Jerusalem College of Engineering. Mr. Devash holds a MBA from Harvard University Graduate School of Business Administration and an undergraduate degree from the Wharton School, Summa Cum Laude. 


Christiaan De LintAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst II











 



    Christiaan De Lint 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst II 



Christiaan de Lint is a partner and co-founder of Headway Capital Partners, a London based firm which invests in private equity secondaries in Europe and the US. Headway provides liquidity to institutions and individuals seeking an exit from their private equity investments, including both limited partnership interests and portfolios of direct investments. Headway focuses on small to medium sized deals and more complex situations.Prior to co-founding Headway in early 2004, Christiaan was part of the investment team at Coller Capital, one of the largest players in the private equity secondaries market where he worked since early 1999. Prior to Coller Capital, Christiaan worked in the Alternative Investment Strategies and Corporate Banking divisions of Citibank in London and New York.Christiaan received a BA in Economics and an MBA from the University of St. Gallen in Switzerland. Christiaan is Swiss-Dutch and is a CFA Charter-holder. 


Bernard NabetAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst II











 



    Bernard Nabet 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst II 



Bernard Nabet joined the Venture Capital department of Crédit Agricole Private Equity in September 2005, as an Investment Director. Since 2007, he is based in Tel Aviv to develop the fund of fund activity in Israel. He graduated from the Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Electronique, Informatique et Radiocommunications (French engineering school) in Bordeaux and holds a DEA (post-graduate diploma) in Applied Physics and Microelectronics and a DESS (specialised post-graduate diploma) in Business Administration from the IAE (institute of business administration) Paris. Bernard Nabet began his career as a Research Engineer at France Telecom R&D in the optoelectronic laboratories, and later worked for several years in consulting at Arthur Andersen and later at A.T. Kearney Interactive. He managed many projects in the areas of consulting, design, architecture and deployment of business IT systems. In 2000, he co-founded Negopartner, a company specialised in "e-sourcing" solutions for SMEs. As CEO, he was in particular responsible for strategic planning, development and financial control. He started working in the field of Venture Capital in 2001 when he was hired as a Partner in the Spef eFund structure of the Venture Capital department of the Natexis group. 


Bert KnoblochAdvisory Board Member of Catalyst II











 



    Bert Knobloch 
    Advisory Board Member of Catalyst II 



Mr. Knobloch, born in Munich, Germany on 26/03/1958, grew up in Milan, Italy until graduation and then continued his studies in business and economics in a joint program between Bocconi University of Milan and Wharton in Philadelphia. He begun his professional career in banking in NY and then went on to work as a builder/developer with a large private development group in NY. Mr. Knobloch moved to Madrid, Spain in 1989 for family reasons and continued to develop properties as well as set up a company distributing mobile telecommunications technologies mainly to operators and banks. He is active in venture financing in the same field and particularly with Israeli companies. 


 






































OUR SUCCESSCatalyst has been a very dedicated and involved partner. They have manifested great interest in the progress of the company and actively helped wherever possible. Their acute understanding and experience of the business made them the perfect partner to consult, to deliberate and to find solutions with. Catalysts are definitely an investment fund you’d want on your side.Nadav PaltiCEO of DoriMediaWe've worked with Catalyst for over four years now, and I'm very happy to have them as our investors and partners. Yair Shamir's vast operational experience, business sense and contact base have been very helpful in our fast-paced growth. Bringing Catalyst on board as the first investors in Tufin was one of the best decisions we made.Ruvi KitovCEO of TufinThe Catalyst fund in general and Yair Shamir, in particular, are operating as true business partners with the harmon.ie management team. They have an extensive business background which helps them understand deeply the business but they also know what they don’t know and let the management run the business. They have also an exceptional knowledge and knowhow in Financing as well as a great network of contacts which they make available to the company. I really enjoy the stimulating partnership.Yaacov CohenCEO of Harmon.ieAt Catalyst we found great people to work with. They are always available, no matter how small or how big are the issues. Catalyst management are a true partner to Miba .The partnership goes a long way and they help in any way they can whenever we stumble with a problem or we face new opportunities. Boaz Harel is our chairman and he is involved in all important matters. Boaz is always there with a good advice. Boaz’s vast experience in the market place is a great asset to us, especially when we are challenged with penetrating to new markets in North America. From my own experience I can say as a private family owned business, bringing in a fund into the family, raised a lot of questions: How are we going to live together? What impact it will have on the day to day business. Well, I can only say that the professional way Catalyst people conduct themselves has proven to be a win situation for all.Itzhak YoffeCEO of Miba PlastWe are very pleased with Catalyst as Mobileye shareholder. Mainly we appreciate the personal channel/connection to Mr. Yair Shamir. Periodic meetings, brain storming & personal contacts of Mr. Shamir have generated Mobileye with several very important projects. No doubt that Catalyst will be one of our primary choices as soon as we have the opportunity of raising additional funds.Ziv AviramCEO of MobileyeCatalyst was a true partner for us at Omrix. Our relationship started when after conducting a thorough due diligence the fund agreed to back the company in case it will be defaulting on a certain loan repayment. Though Omrix ended weathering this risk on its own, Catalyst became a shareholder through the acquisition of the shares of one of our shareholders and became a true partner contributing at the board level through the process of restructuring the company's capital and the IPO. As then CFO of Omrix I found Catalyst to be a true supporter of management in face of complicated challenges showing creativity and skills on the corporate as well as the operational aspects.Mike BurshtineCEO of OMRIXIf I look at the history of Lamina since its creation in 2001, I would say that Catalyst has been a fundamental partner in every major junction of Lamina development. From the initial discussions and the creation of Lamina as a start-up, through several rounds of funding and finally the direct investment in our company. During all these years, Catalyst was also involved and supportive of the management through board participation and other non-board related assistance. The involvement of Catalyst was always done in very supportive manner and in respect for the capabilities of Lamina management to lead. I think Catalyst has shown, over the years, that financial support of an industrial company can be viewed with long term objectives and deep understanding of what an industrial company needs in different stages of its development.Peleg AmirCEO of Lamina Tech 




















INVESTMENT STRATEGYCatalyst primarily invests in mature public and private technology and industrial Israeli and Israeli-related companies that require a capital injection, strategic guidance and most importantly the right partner in order to expand their business in China and across the world. Our portfolio companies tend to be innovative, with significant revenues and already run profitable operations; they have significant growth potential and tangible growth engines, and lastly a highly capable and motivated management team.
We are long term investors and seek to partner with management to shape the future of their business. Our managing partners typically serve on the boards of our portfolio companies and are proactively involved. We work with our companies to best understand the operational and strategic challenges as well as the opportunities faced by them. This understanding enables our team to provide guidance and support that helps the companies realize their full potential. Our portfolio companies benefit from the vast transactional experience of our managing partners and their wide-reaching global networks.
Our sector diversification is key to Catalyst’s successful investment strategy. Our investments are spread over a wide variety of sectors, such as agriculture, energy, water, industrials & manufacturing processes, aerospace and defense, materials, chemicals, high-tech, med-tech, life sciences and others. We do not invest in financial or real-estate companies.
.
   



















CONTACT
For additional information on Catalyst, please contact us :






Catalyst
audreyg@catalyst-fund.com

3 Daniel Frisch, 11th floor
Tel Aviv, 64731, Israel

 
Catalyst CEL Fund
olgab@catalyst-fund.com

Catalyst CEL Fund
40/F,Far East Finance Centre,
16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong

 






























































					©Catalyst Equity Management, Daniel Frisch, 3 Tel-Aviv 2016 All rights reserved.				























 









Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV reaches final close - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV reaches final close


October 7, 2013
By Angela Sormani



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV reaches final close
Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV has reached a final close with $812 million of capital commitments, significantly above the fund's target range of $500 million to $750 million. Atlantic-Pacific Capital served as the exclusive global placement agent for the fund.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV has reached a final close with $812 million of capital commitments, significantly above the fund’s target range of $500 million to $750 million. Atlantic-Pacific Capital served as the exclusive global placement agent for the fund.
PRESS RELEASE
Atlantic-Pacific Capital, the largest privately-owned global placement agent and advisory firm, is pleased to announce the final closing of Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV with $812 million of capital commitments, significantly above the fund’s target range of $500 million to $750 million. Managed by Canada’s The Catalyst Capital Group, Fund IV received tremendous global support from institutional investors to continue executing its distressed-for-control investment strategy. Atlantic-Pacific Capital served as the exclusive global placement agent for the fund.
“We appreciated collaborating with Catalyst for a second fundraise and are pleased that investors recognize Catalyst’s capability to capitalize on Canada’s unique and evolving restructuring environment, alignment of interests with limited partners and proven record of superior returns,” commented Brendan Edmonds, Partner at Atlantic-Pacific Capital.
Newton Glassman, Managing Partner of Catalyst, said, “We are grateful for the support of our investors and the confidence they have placed in us. The Atlantic-Pacific Capital team provided a valuable service managing the fundraising process.” 





* * * * *
About Atlantic-Pacific Capital (www.apcap.com)
Atlantic-Pacific Capital is the largest privately-owned global placement agent and advisory firm dedicated to raising capital for alternative investments. Since 1995, the firm has executed over 70 capital raising assignments aggregating over $50 billion for an extraordinary group of alternative asset managers. Typical projects include private equity, real estate and infrastructure fund placements, as well as secondary advisory mandates and direct private placements. With experienced professionals on the ground in New York, Greenwich, Chicago, San Francisco, London and Hong Kong, Atlantic-Pacific maintains a global network of trusted relationships with institutional and high net-worth investors.
About The Catalyst Capital Group Inc. (www.catcapital.com)
The Catalyst Capital Group Inc., a private equity investment firm founded in June 2002, is a leader in distressed-for-control investing. The firm’s mandate is to manufacture risk adjusted returns, in keeping with its philosophy of “we buy what we can build.” Catalyst’s Guiding Principles of investment excellence through superior analytics, attention to detail, intellectual curiosity, team and reputation are key to the firm’s success. The Catalyst team collectively possesses more than 70 years of experience in restructuring, credit markets and merchant and investment banking in both Canada and the United States.
Catalyst Fund IV Press Release 





For more information please contact:
Alex Leykikh
Partner
Atlantic-Pacific Capital, Inc.
(203) 862-9182
[email protected] 

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV reaches final close
Catalyst Fund Limited Partnership IV has reached a final close with $812 million of capital commitments, significantly above the fund's target range of $500 million to $750 million. Atlantic-Pacific Capital served as the exclusive global placement agent for the fund.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 


































Portfolio | Catalyst Capital

























 










Toggle navigation




Catalyst Capital






Portfolio






Currently HeldFully RealizedAdvantage Rent A CarAdvantage is the fourth largest car rental company in North America, with 40 airport locations across the United States, in 21 of the top 25 largest airports by passenger traffic.
AllstreamAT&T Canada Inc. (subsequently known as “Allstream”) provided a full range of integrated communications products focused on medium to large sized Canadian businesses in local and regional markets.
BrushstrokesBrushstrokes Fine Art is a fine art reproduction company that specializes in developing art replicas of original art in texture and brushstroke. The Company’s art is distributed both direct to consumer and through retail channels via partnerships with leading chains such as IKEA, Sears and Costco.
CabovisaoCable Satisfaction International was a Canadian, publicly traded company that owned telecommunications and media assets, including direct 100% ownership of Cabovisao Televisao.
Call-Net Enterprises Inc.Call-Net Inc. was a long distance, data and local phone service provider to Canadian small businesses and residential customers via its wholly owned network, primarily through its wholly owned subsidiary Sprint Canada Inc.
Callidus Capital CorporationCallidus Capital Corporation is an asset based lender that specializes in innovative and creative funding solutions for companies that are unable to obtain adequate funding from conventional lending institutions.
Calpine CorporationCalpine Corporation is an independent wholesale power generation company, engaging in the ownership and operation of natural gas-fired and geothermal power plants in North America. It generates electricity and produces steam from natural gas-fired combustion and renewable geothermal facilities.
CanwestCanwest is Canada’s largest media company. It has three lines of business: newspapers, conventional television and specialty television.
Countryside Power Income FundCountryside Power Income Fund, through its subsidiary, Countryside Canada Power, Inc., owns two district energy systems located in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island and London, Ontario with approximately 122 megawatt (MW) of thermal and electric generation capacity; two gas-fired cogeneration facilities located in California with approximately 94 MW of electric generation capacity; and a gas-fired cheap cogeneration facility being developed adjacent to the London district energy system with approximately 19 MW of expected electric generation capacity.
Gateway Casinos & EntertainmentGateway is the largest and most diversified gaming companies in Canada and operates 18 gaming properties in British Columbia and Alberta. Gateway was selected by Ontario Lottery and Gaming in 2016 as the service provider for both North and Southwest Gaming Bundles in the modernization of Ontario’s gaming industry. The expansion will bring eleven new properties to the Gateway portfolio.  
Geneba Properties N.V.(previously Homburg)Geneba is a European commercial real estate company headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The company owns and manages a property portfolio of over € 785 million as of 30 June 2016 consisting mainly of long-term leased corporate real estate assets in Germany and the Netherlands.
Hollinger Inc.At the time of investment, Hollinger’s publishing assets included the Chicago Sun-Times, a large number of community newspapers in the Chicago area, and a portfolio of news media investments. In addition, Hollinger also owned commercial real estate including its head office building located in Toronto and a number of other revenue-producing Canadian assets.
IMAXIMAX is a Canadian based company that designs, manufactures and leases projection and sound systems used by the film exhibition industry. The company has a broad and extensive network of more than 295 IMAX theatres in 40 countries.
MobilicityMobilicity is a Canadian wireless carrier targeting densely populated Metropolitan areas and owns Advanced Wireless Services spectrum which it acquired at a discount to incumbent wireless providers’ purchase of identical spectrum.
Natural Markets Food GroupNatural Markets Food Group (NMFG), parent company of Mrs. Green’s Neighborhood Market, Planet Organic Market and Richtree Natural Market restaurants, is an industry leader in providing organic, locally-sourced produce, seasonal food, and healthy-living products in neighborhood markets across the U.S. and Canada. The company prides itself on its commitment to building a sustainable brand in the healthy lifestyle arena – focusing specifically on customers who care deeply about the foods they eat.
Pacific Exploration & ProductionPacific Exploration & Production is a leading explorer and producer of natural gas and crude oil, with operations focused in Latin America. The company is committed to conducting business safely, in a socially and environmentally responsible manner.
Quad/GraphicsQuad/Graphics (formerly known as World Color Press, as well as Quebecor World) is the world’s second largest commercial printer. Its customers currently include and/or have included publishers such as Hearst Corporation, PRIMEDIA Inc. and Time Inc. along with retailers such as Kohl’s Corporation, Sears Holdings Corporation, RONA Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Royal Group Technologies LimitedRoyal Group Technologies Limited is a vertically integrated manufacturer of technologically advanced, polymer-based home improvement, consumer and construction products.
SnowbearSnowbear was the largest Canadian manufacturer of utility trailers and snowplows whose major customers include The Home Depot, Inc. (Canada and the U.S.), Lowe’s Companies Inc., Costco Wholesale Corporation (Canada and the U.S.), Sam’s West Inc., Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Canadian Tire Corp, Ltd. and RONA Inc.
Sonar Entertainment Inc.(formerly RHI Entertainment, LLC)Sonar develops, produces, and distributes television content globally and is the world’s leading producer of made for television movies and mini-series. It also owns a media library from which it generates a significant portion of its gross revenue. The company’s customers include a variety of large Canadian and U.S. broadcast and cable networks. Sonar has significant output/distribution agreements with many national networks around the world.
SR Telecom & Co.SR Telecom was a Canadian based public telecommunications equipment manufacturer listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The company provided fixed wireless solutions for voice, data and internet access applications to telecommunications service providers.
Stelco Inc.Stelco was a large, diversified Canadian steel producer and included products such as hot rolled, cold rolled, coated sheet and bars.
Therapure Biopharma Inc.Therapure Biopharma Inc. is a Canadian-based biopharmaceutical company committed to the development, manufacture, purification, and packaging of rare and complex biotherapeutics. Therapure operates under two businesses: (i) Contract Development and Manufacturing, and (ii) Proprietary Drug Development (with five lead drug developments candidates).
YRC Worldwide Inc.YRC is the largest Less Than Truckload (“LTL”) transportation company in North America which grew through a series of acquisitions both within Canada and the U.S. YRC has a strong portfolio of market leading brands in Canada (YRC Reimer) and the U.S. (YRC, New Penn, Holland, Reddaway and YRC Glen Moore). YRC is composed of three primary business units: National Transportation, Regional Transportation and Truckload.















 

























Catalyst Principal Partners completes first close of second fund with over $100 million in commitments




















































































﻿
 



































 

























 






Navigation





		Telecoms regulator approves Etisalat Nigeria name change to 9mobile	


		The top 10 wealthiest cities in Africa: AfrAsia Bank & New World Wealth (In...	


		Mobile contributes $110 billion to Sub-Saharan African economies: Mats Granryd, ...	


		African countries are welcoming more tourists than ever before	


		Nigeria Banks Boosting Dollar Spending as Liquidity Improves	


		South Africa Weighs State Internet Company Merger	


		Etisalat Nigeria rebrands to 9mobile	


		Africa's Richest Man Invests $4.6 Billion in Nigeria Farming	


		Nigerian Stock Exchange on course to list its own shares	


		Etisalat Nigeria's new CEO targets profit after regulator rescue	


 










 











Catalyst Principal Partners completes first close of second fund with over $100 million in commitments


April 12, 2017
 
By Staff Writer 3







 




Paul Kavuma, CEO, Catalyst Principal Partners

Catalyst Principal Partners has completed a first close of its successor private equity fund, Catalyst Fund II LP (“Fund II”) at $103 million.
Fund II is targeting $175 million of funds under management and expects to hold a final close later in the year. Fund II will maintain Catalyst’s successful East African investment strategy focused on mid-market growth capital investments, backing dynamic entrepreneurs and managers within fast-growth consumer demand-driven sectors across Eastern Africa.
Catalyst Fund II is supported by a diverse group of leading global investors, including funds of funds, development finance institutions and family offices.
Paul Kavuma, CEO of Catalyst, commented: “Catalyst has demonstrated its ability to source proprietary deals and actively manage its investments, and has built a diversified regional portfolio of leading products and brands that are dominant within their respective markets and consumer segments, with a focus on increasingly aspirational mass market and middle income consumers.”
Kavuma added: “We are gratified by the strong support Catalyst continues to receive from regional and international institutional investors seeking exposure to attractive investment opportunities within a growing, increasingly integrated region in which Catalyst has played a pioneering role in the development of the private equity asset class.”

RecommendedPrivate equity investors are getting hot for AfricaCatalyst Principal Partners acquires majority stake in Tanzanian pharma company for $125MEXEO Capital’s agribusiness Agri-Vie Fund II attracts over $100M in first closeWhy Africa Remains Ripe for Private Equity: BCG (Infographics & Report)Bright Africa 2016 – Private Equity: RisCura (Report)Novare Africa Property Fund II closes with $350 million for investmentXSML Capital announces final close of African Rivers Fund at $50 millionPrivate equity powerhouse Carlyle to acquire GCR, Africa’s largest credit rating agencyInvestec successfully closes 2nd Africa private equity fund at $295MDubai-based private equity firm Abraaj readies Nigerian fertilizer and East African insurance dealsEast African Community a bright spot amidst emerging markets gloomWhy Old Mutual is investing millions in Nigeria’s property and agriculture marketsAfrican private equity deals hit seven-year highEmerging Africa Infrastructure Fund appoints Investec Asset Management to manage $670M fundSahel Capital closes agribusiness fund FAFIN at $65.9 millionPan-African private equity firm Helios completes deal to acquire UK’s Crown AgentsRothschild fund raises $530 million to invest in AfricaAfrica is still one of the world’s most attractive markets for private equity: Boston Consulting Group (BCG)Nigeria’s sovereign wealth fund grew assets by 20% to $1.07B in 2015, says CEO Uche OrjiKenya set to remain a hotspot for private equity investments in East AfricaNigeria’s Verod Capital aims for 30% returns (Audio)East Africa Private Equity Deal Dashboard 2016 (Report): RisCura & East Africa Venture Capital Association (EAVCA)Private equity looks to East Africa for investment opportunitiesPrivate equity firm Emerging Capital Partners exits Continental Reinsurance PlcAfrica still attractive to investors, says PenCom Head Chinelo Anohu-AmazuAfrica’s best-performing hedge fund launches food-focused private equity fundPrivate equity investment in Africa heats up as pension funds stay localDuet launches $400M private equity fund focused on distressed Nigerian companiesAfrica: The Race Between Debt and GrowthActis raises $500M for largest ever real estate private equity fund targeting sub-Saharan AfricaEris and Momentum to invest over $308M in West African real estateLeapFrog acquires $22M majority stake in Kenya’s Goodlife Pharmacy (Video)Pan-African private equity firm AfricInvest invests in East Africa’s SilafricaListed Real Estate in Eastern Africa and Beyond: What Next?CDC invests €50M in Africa Internet GroupPE house Mediterrania reveals €250m target for third Africa fundSpotlight on East Africa Private Equity (Report & Infographic): African Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (AVCA)East African assets attract private equity interestBuilding the Entrepreneurial Base in Africa: J. Eric Wright, Chairman, Africa Venture PartnersAshmore Group’s Co-Founder Jerome Booth looks to raise up to $500M to invest in African energy







« Fitch downgrades South Africa's credit rating to "junk" status
Listed Real Estate in Eastern Africa and Beyond: What Next? »
   


				Related Topics: Catalyst Fund I LP • Catalyst Fund II LP • Catalyst Principal Partners • Diversified Financials • Financials • Paul Kavuma • Private Equity (PE)    
		
					
						﻿	





 





Sign up for email updates
Email Address:




6709 subscribers
 





 





 











Videos'No chance in hell' opposition will remove Zuma, Finance Minister says (Video)
Mo Abudu: The Nigerian media mogul building a global empire (Video)
Kenya and Nigeria Officials Have Different Economic Outlooks (Videos)
Rwanda's President on Africa's Fate in an Age of Trump-Style Populism (Videos)
The five keys to a more prosperous Africa: Akinwumi Adesina, President of the African Development Bank
 





 





My Tweets






 
Advertise
Submit Article
Events
About Us
Contact Us

 





 





Get Email Updates: Daily/Weekly
Email Address:




6709 subscribers




 © 2017 African Business Central. All Rights Reserved


 
	African Business Central is the go-to spot for comprehensive, high-quality, and timely coverage of African business news. Within the context of Africa, we provide news on: emerging and frontier markets, business, technology, headline, political, small business, personal finance, private equity, venture capital, stock markets, bond markets, and capital markets; all available on africanbusinesscentral.com.
	 
	African Business Central journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.



























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







Quick Reorder Login - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands


















 





















Adding to Cart...




Added to Cart



Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







*Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.






Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought

















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in
















Printer Ink Cartridges and Toner Cartridges | Office Supplies - LD Products




























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












Ink & Toner Finder
Find Printer Supplies, Fast, Easy & Hassle Free.






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit



Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges - Office Supplies

Recommended Products






LD Multipurpose Standard Size Paper - 1500 Sheets Per Pack
$32.99
$12.99








Sharpie Permanent Marker - 5 Pack
$8.22
$3.83








House of Doolittle Horizontal Planner
$12.69
$11.49








Sharpie Major Accent Assorted Highlighters - 6 Pack
$7.88
$2.99








Rolodex Mesh Oval Pencil Cup
$22.06
$9.99








Sparco Standard Staple - 5000 per box
$3.88
$1.42








Business Source Round Ring View Binder
$7.65
$1.79








Swingline All Metal Full-Strip Desk Stapler
$16.15
$4.99








Pilot G2 Retractable Gel Ink Pen, Black - 12 Pack
$26.40
$12.62








Verbatim 16GB 97275 USB 2.0 Flash Drive
$15.00
$6.57








Sparco Straight Scissors
$10.89
$1.68








Post-it Adhesive Note - 4 per pack - Yellow
$4.03
$2.48








BIC Mechanical Pencil - 12 Pack
$6.96
$5.71








Crayola Colored Pencils, Short 64 CT - 1 per set
$12.99
$10.51








Texas Instruments TI30XA Scientific Calculator
$15.00
$10.98








Crayola Classic Colors Markers - 8 per set
$4.13
$4.11








Mead Five Star "Best" Backpack
$44.99
$32.03








LD Mini Office Supply Kit
$4.99
$2.99








Elmer's Washable All Purpose School Glue Sticks - 4 per pack
$4.03
$2.59








Kensington Lightning Charge & Sync Cable
$26.99
$22.95





Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 


This Month's Features


Popular Office Supplies





Back to School Headquarters





Sharpie Supplies





Here At LD Products...


Award Winning Customer Service



Live Assistance on Orders


Our award-winning customer service team are knowledgeable, personable, and provide service with a smile.




Discover the LD Difference



Commitment to Quality


Printing with a cartridge you can count on is important.




State-of-the-Art Warehouses



Fast Processing and Shipping


Our automated fulfillment centers and dedicated warehouse staff work together to expedite the delivery of your order.





Bizrate Platinum Award Winner









Awarded to retailers for excellent online customer experience and service.


LD Products is a leading provider of discount printer ink and office supplies. At LD Products, you can count on:


Low prices that don't include a sacrifice in quality.
Lifetime guarantee


Same day shipping before 4PM PST
Award-winning service
Free delivery on orders over $50†


 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 







LD Products 10% Coupon Code and Up to 78% Off Printer Ink - LD Products



























We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.





Tax Season Sale 15% Off Ink and Toner*
*Shop Now




 Quick Reorder
 Track Order
 Government

 My Printers




 Help
 888-321-2552


Create Account or

Sign In

















Free Shipping on all orders over $50†
Lifetime 100% Satisfaction Guarantee



 Free Shipping on orders over $50†
 Low Flat Rate Shipping - only $4.95 on orders under 50†
 Multiple Fulfillment Centers - so you get your order faster!
Orders placed before 4pm usually ship the same day!


†Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
Close
Learn More




Reliability for a lifetime - All of our LD brand compatible ink and toner cartridges are backed by a lifetime guarantee
Verified Excellence - Our cartridges have been tested for performance, quality and page yield, so you know you are getting the absolute best product available.
Your Happiness Matters - In the event that you are dissatisfied with your purchase, simply let us know - we'll do our best to make it right.


Close
Learn More



 








 Special Offers








0 items









Ink & Toner
Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning & Breakroom
Technology
Office Furniture






Featured Ink & Toner Brands
All Categories 

HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung



More Ink & Toner Brands

Konica
Pitney Bowes
Kyocera
Ricoh
Kodak
Sharp
Okidata
Toshiba
Panasonic
Refill Kits





Featured Office Supply Categories
All Categories 

Writing & Correction
General Supplies
Binders & Accessories
Filing Supplies
Envelopes & Forms
Calendars & Planners
Boards & Easels
Desk Organizers








More Office Supply Categories

Bags & Travel Accessories
Mailing & Shipping
Storage & Organizers
Tools & Equipment
Cash Handling
Labeling & Labeling Systems
Teaching & Art





Featured Paper Categories
All Categories 

Copy & Multi-use Paper
Notebooks, Pads & Filler Paper
Adhesive Note Pads
Photo Paper
Brochure & Specialty Paper
Cards & Stationary
Colored Paper
Wide Format Paper










Featured Cleaning & Breakroom Categories
All Categories 

Cleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Breakroom Supplies
Healthcare Supplies
Safety & Security
Facility Supplies
Climate Control










Featured Technology Categories
All Categories 

Printers
Office Machines & Electronics
Power & Backup
Network & Cables
3D Printing
Peripherals & Memory
Drives & Media
Shredders & Accessories








More Technology Categories

Audio Video Players
Computer Accessories
Radio & Mobile Technology
Software & Utilities
Cameras & Scanners
Ink Refill Kits
Telephone & Communication
Multimedia Players
Displays & Digital Projectors





Featured Office Furnitures Categories
All Categories 

Furniture Collections, Desks & Tables
Chairs, Chair Mats & Accessories
Office Decor & Lighting
Armoires & Bookcases
Filing, Storage & Accessories
Carts & Stands
Furniture Accessories
Panel Systems & Accessories















Menu
Call





Reorder
Cart













Ink & Toner 


Office Supplies 





HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica

Shop All Printer Brands 



Office Supplies
Paper
Cleaning
Technology
Office Furniture




 




Ink & Toner 
Office Supplies 
Paper 
Cleaning & Breakroom 
Technology 
Office Furniture 
My Printers
Sign In
Track your Order
Create Account
Help
 Special Offers



 Back

General Office Supplies
Ink & Toner
HP
Canon
Epson
Brother
Lexmark
Dell
Xerox
Samsung
Okidata
Konica
Shop All Printer Brands












10% OFF
Ink & Toner*
Plus Free Shipping on All Orders Over $50
Coupon Code 10LDP Applied
*Expires 6/30/17 Excludes OEM items. **Applies to orders delivered to the contiguous U.S.
*Scroll down for details


Find Printer Supplies Fast, Easy, & Hassle Free
Ink & Toner Finder






Select a Printer Brand


Select a PRINTER BRAND
 Top Brands
Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
 All Brands A-Z
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox



Brother
Canon
Epson
Hewlett Packard (HP)
Lexmark
Xerox
ACOM
AMT
Amano
AstroJet
Birmy Graphics
Brother
Bryce
Canon
Casio
Compaq
Computer Language RES
CopyStar
DEC
DataProducts
Dell
Dymo
Eicon Laser
Electronic Forms
Epson
Gestetner
Hasler
Hewlett Packard (HP)
IBM InfoPrint
Imagen
Imagistics
Interface Systems
Kodak
Konica-Minolta
Kyocera-Mita
Lanier
Lasermaster
Lexmark
Mimaki
Muratec
Mutoh
NEC
NashuaTEC
NeoPost
Newgen
North Atlantic 
Oce
Okidata
Olivetti
Olympia
Panasonic
Pitney Bowes
Primera
Printronix
Rena
Ricoh
Riso
Risograph
Roland
Samsung
Savin
Secap
Sharp
Sindoh
Star Micronics
TallyGenicom
Tandem
Telenorma TENOFAX
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
Xerox






Select a PRINTERFAMILY


Select a PRINTER FAMILY







Select a PRINTER MODEL


Select a PRINTER MODEL




submit


Shop Ink & Toner From These Top Printer Brands
Shop by Printer Brand


HP


HP OfficeJet Pro 8600
HP OfficeJet Pro 8610
HP Envy 4500

Shop HP Ink


Canon


Canon PIXMA MX922
Canon PIXMA MG2520
Canon PIXMA MG2920

Shop Canon Ink


Epson


Epson WorkForce WF-3620
Epson WorkForce WF-3640
Epson WorkForce WF-2650

Shop Epson Ink


Brother


Brother MFC-J485DW
Brother MFC-J870DW
Brother MFC-J470DW

Shop Brother Ink


Lexmark


Lexmark X5650
Lexmark Prospect Pro205
Lexmark Pro715

Shop Lexmark Ink


Dell


Dell V525W
Dell H625cdw
Dell C1660w Color

Shop Dell Ink


Xerox


Xerox Phaser 6500
Xerox WorkCentre 6605
Xerox WorkCentre 6027

Shop Xerox Ink


Samsung


Samsung Xpress C410W
Samsung Xpress M2070FW
Samsung Xpress C460FW

Shop Samsung Ink


Konica-Minolta


Konica bizhub C554e
Konica bizhub C454e
Konica PagePro 1390MF

Shop Konica Ink


Okidata


Okidata Microline 320 Turbo
Okidata MB472w
Okidata OKI MC362W

Shop Okidata Ink



Shop All Printer Brands 





 





 























        Adding to Cart...
    



                        Added to Cart
                        


                Add  to Get Free Shipping*


Your order qualifies for Free Shipping*








Price



Qty: 
Subtotal







                                *Free shipping on orders over $50 to the contiguous U.S. Orders placed before 4pm PST typically ship the same day.
                            





Cart Summary Edit Cart



Items in Cart:



Estimated Shipping (Contiguous U.S.)



Ships Same Day!*
Coupon will be applied in shopping cart
View Cart
Continue Shopping



Customers Also Bought




















Other Social Login




Facebook Sign in




 
Google Sign in




 
Linkedin Sign in









 






































RealtyMogul.com™ | Real Estate Crowdfunding & Investing





Skip to main content








Real Estate Crowdfunding









Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 












Commercial Real Estate Investing for AllTM








                125,000 Investors
              

                Have joined RealtyMogul.com.
              

                Have joined Us.
              





                Over $285 Million
              

                Invested on our platform.
              

                Invested with us.
              





                $65 Million
              

                Paid out to RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                Paid out to investors.
              





                $0 Principal Lost
              

                By RealtyMogul.com investors.
              

                By investors.
              






 



 















"Realty Mogul has so far raised more than $200 million to finance more than 330 properties since its launch in 2013."
  



"RealtyMogul.com's purpose is 'access through innovation' with investor protection and compliance as our guiding principles."
  



"... appeals to all skill levels, from first-timers to veteran investors. In just a few clicks, investors can access the best real estate deals."
  





 






How It Works


1. Invest
Invest in crowdfunded commercial real estate opportunities online for as little as $1000.


2. Relax
We collect returns generated from your investment and pay any expenses.


3. Get Paid
You reap the rewards when we distribute the income from your investments.


Get Started For FREENeed Financing? 








Investments on RealtyMogul.com are illiquid and loss of invested capital is possible. 
Please review risk factors for private placements here.
 







Recent Investments



 





        $3,510,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Retail
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Prunedale
        


  

 





        $1,010,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Indianapolis
        


  

 





        $1,240,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Marietta
        


  

 





        $2,040,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Chicago
        


  

 





        $2,190,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            San Antonio
        


  

 





        $2,020,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Oak Harbor
        


  

 





        $1,515,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Multifamily
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Fayetteville
        


  

 





        $710,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Hollywood
        


  

 





        $1,210,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Industrial
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Houston
        


  

 





        $1,525,000 Invested
    


            Property Type
        

            Office
        



            Investment Type
        

            Equity
        



            Location
        

            Rolling Meadows
        


  



























 
 








Become a Commercial Real Estate Investor Today
Join Now For FREE 



 



 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software


















































































Get Real Estate Financing | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Get Financing



How much are you looking to finance? 

 Debt or Equity?DebtEquity




 

 
 







Looking to Invest?
Start Here
 







Joint Venture Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Equity Contribution:
Up to 90% of equity


IRR:
13% +


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise J.V. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Preferred Equity
$1MM - $5MM




Pref. Equity Contribution:
Up to 85% of cost


Rate:
11 - 13%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Structure:
Single consolidate entity: one K-1, one distribution, one report




Raise Pref. Equity for My Project
Learn More




Commercial Bridge Loans
$1MM - $25MM




Loan to Cost:
Up to 85%


Loan to Value:
Up to 75%


Rate:
5 - 10%


Term:
12 - 36 Months


Timing:
Close in 35 - 45 days


Type:
Recourse and Non-Recourse




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More




Mezzanine Debt
$1MM - $5MM




Mezzanine Contribution:
Up to 80%


Rate:
10 - 12%


Term:
1 - 10 years


Timing:
35 - 45 days




Finance My Commercial Project
Learn More


 




Looking to Invest?
Start Here 




More than $285 Million Financed to Date for 350+ Properties
 




Selected Transactions




$3,510,000
Equity Purchase
Prunedale, CA
Safeway & CVS Retail Center





$2,100,000
Commercial Loan
Bel Air, CA
5 Unit Multifamily




Finance My Next Project

 




Real Estate Lending Simplified.
Start Here 



Featured Articles




   
 RealtyMogul.com Named a Top Tech Company to Work For - Top Tech Company to Work For

In a recent Built in Los Angeles article...  

   
 News Recap: Largest Real Estate Loan Funded... - Largest Real Estate Loan Funded

Just in case you missed it, here’s a...  

   
 What Do Investors Need to Know About Crowdfunding?  - Crowdfunding

Featured in Bisnow.com

Crowdfunding platforms have...  

   
 RealtyMogul.com’s Newly Redesigned About Us Page  - About Us

If you’ve never read about how RealtyMogul.com came to be,...  

   
 CEO Jilliene Helman Featured on ABC15 Arizona - Jilliene Helman recently discussed her role as CEO and founder of...  

 

 
 

 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software



















































































Register | RealtyMogul.com





Skip to main content














Better Business Bureau Rating: BBB Rating: A+



Call Us:  877.977.2776











Home
Invest
Resource Center
About Us
Login
Sign Up For FREE

For Real Estate Companies


Get Financing




 

 









Invest



WelcomeGet started by creating your account below.Already have a RealtyMogul.com account? Log In Leave this field blank 


 This account is for *
  Investing 

  Raising Capital 





SMS Consent (Optional)By checking this box, you are consenting to participate in RealtyMogul.com's SMS Communications Program with the phone number entered above. By participating, you consent to receive text messages sent by an automatic telephone dialing system and acknowledge that data usage charges may apply by your cell phone company.Messages will include notifications regarding your RealtyMogul.com account, investment opportunity updates, and occasional special offers and promotions from RealtyMogul.com. These can be configured at any time in your user profile. First name *


 Last name *


 Phone *


 E-mail *


 Password *


 Acceptance of Terms *

I reviewed and agree to Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. *

 Communication Preferences 

I agree to receive SMS messages. (Optional)













 

 
 




 

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software






















































