








Product Photo Gallery | Cavco Industries, Inc.














































NOTE:  It seems JavaScript is disabled in your browser. For better results, please enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.




Menu









Home 
        
     
	    
    > Our Products:  
	Product Photo Gallery    

Product Photo Gallery 



 
NOTE:  It seems JavaScript is disabled in your browser. For better results, please enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.<>


				Cavco Durango manufactured community home with charming porch
			


				Beautiful cabin bedroom by Cavco Park Model RVs
			


				The Bonanza Flex 
			


				Fleetwood Homes manufactured home
			


				Sonora II manufactured home by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				The Catalina manufactured home by Cavco Durango.
			


				Modular Home by Nationwide Homes
			


				Commercial Mixed-use modular development by PHN Commercial
			


				Coastal community development by Nationwide Homes 
			


				Summerhaven Home with carport in Florida – Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Model 16803P manufactured home by Cavco Texas
			


				Vines Park Model RV Home by Cavco Park Model RVs
			


				La Linda triple wide manufactured home by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Kitchen in a home by Fairmont Homes
			


				Manufactured home by Fleetwood Homes.
			


				SPI Cottges by Cavco Park Model RVs
			


				Kitchen in community manufactured home by Cavco Durango Homes
			


				Casa Grande modular home by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Model 16803P manufactured home by Cavco Texas
			


				Community Development of manufactured homes
			


				The Benbrook manufactured home by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Fairmont Homes Kitchen
			


				Bathroom in the Catalina manufctured home by Cavco Durango
			


				The Noble modular home by Nationwide Homes
			


				Summerhaven II manufactured community home with front porch and covered parking – Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Light, bright open living area by Cavco Durango
			


				High end multi-level modular by Nationwide Custom Homes
			


				The Benbrook masterbedroom by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Fleetwood Homes manufactured home model VE23563
			


				The Bonanza Flex living room by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				The Benbrook kitchen in a manufactured home by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Model 16763E manufctured home by Cavco Texas
			


				Kitchen of the Noble modular home by Nationwide Homes
			


				The Summer Breeze IV manufactured home by Palm Harbor in Florida
			


				Fort Hood Military housing – Commercial project by PHN Commercial
			


				Community manufactured home by Cavco Durango
			


				Commercial Hospitality modular project by PHN Commerical
			


				Manufactured home model VE32563 by Fleetwood Homes
			


				Cavco Park Model RV
			


				Manufactured home model VE32563 by Fleetwood Homes
			


				Manufactured home with front porch by Palm Harbor Homes
			


				Kitchen of the Catalina manufactured home by Cavco Durango
			


				The Catalina model by Cavco Durango.
			


				Cavco Durango’s Catalina model with rock front
			

Our Favorite Home Photos
Take a look at some photos of our favorite manufactured homes, modular homes and park model RVs built by the Cavco family of builders! Whether you are looking for a single wide, double wide or triple wide manufactured home, a high end modular home, a small park model RV or a partner for your next commercial development, Cavco has the right home building partner for you. We hope you enjoy a few pictures of our some of our favorite examples of homes and projects.
Don’t see a photo of what you are looking for here? Each of our companies has hundreds of manufactured home pictures and modular home pictures on their websites.  Some even offer virtual tours and videos. Just check out Our Brands on this website for links to each of these companies’ websites.
If you are ready to go to the next step with your home building project, please contact us. We cannot wait to get started!









What's New 



Kim Lewis Partners with Cavco on Tiny Home for Dwell 


Kim Lewis Tiny Homes is partnering with Cavco Industries, Inc. to develop affordable tiny homes, the first of which will be debuted June 23 –… Read More



Cavco Acquires Lexington Homes 


PHOENIX, April 4, 2017— Cavco Industries Inc. (NASDAQ: CVCO) today announced its closing of the acquisition of Lexington Homes, Inc. (“Lexington”), which became effective on… Read More



Cavco Provides Record Number of Homes for Show Village 2017 


In Orlando, Florida on January 10-12, Professional Builder magazine will sponsor their annual Show Village of Homes. Almost magically, this “village” of modular homes will… Read More

More News & Press
























About Us | Cavco Industries, Inc.



































NOTE:  It seems JavaScript is disabled in your browser. For better results, please enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.




Menu









Home 
        
     
	    
    >  
	About Us    

About Us 




Cavco is a leading designer and builder of systems-built structures including manufactured homes, modular homes, commercial buildings, park model RV’s, and vacation cabins. We operate 19 manufacturing facilities across the nation, which build four of the most widely recognized brand names in the industry: Cavco Homes, Fleetwood Homes, Palm Harbor Homes and Nationwide Homes. The company’s insurance group, Standard Casualty, offers a wide range of insurance products for manufactured home owners and its finance subsidiary, CountryPlace Mortgage, offers a variety of homebuyer financing options. Based in Phoenix, Arizona, the company has built a reputation for quality, value and service since its founding in 1965.
Our systems-built homes are produced under various trade names and in a variety of styles, floor plans and price ranges. We build our homes to meet the appropriate building standards such as those of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), International Building Code (IRC), Universal Building Code (UBC) and we build park model RV’s to the ANSI 119.5 Building Code.
With manufacturing centers strategically positioned nationwide, we utilize local market research to design and offer a full range of homes to meet the interests of our customers; from entry level models to large custom homes. We have the ability to engineer designs in-house to accommodate virtually any customer request. Our homes are precision built in controlled indoor environments using comprehensive construction systems and processes where each home is assembled in stages under strict supervision. These factors enable the production of each home at an attractive value and within shorter completion times than onsite construction methods.
Our homes are efficiently distributed by independent retailers located throughout the U.S., as well as in Canada, Mexico and Japan; and through company-owned retail centers. We customize styles and specifications for the exclusive use of land/lease communities, subdivision developers, and large multi-location distributors. Cavco works with a variety of partners, meeting an expanding range of housing needs from a homebuyer’s private land to planned neighborhoods to recreational or resort properties to accommodations for workforces in agriculture and industry.
Cavco Industries is focused on building quality, energy efficient homes for the modern day home buyer. Green building involves the creation of an energy efficient envelope including higher utilization of renewable materials. These homes provide environmentally-friendly maintenance requirements, high indoor air quality, specially designed ventilation systems, best use of space, and passive solar orientation. Cavco also builds homes designed to use alternative energy sources such as solar and wind.









Product Photo Gallery
Partner with Us
Contact Us

























Modular Homes | Cavco Industries, Inc.






































NOTE:  It seems JavaScript is disabled in your browser. For better results, please enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, then try again.




Menu









Home 
        
     
	    
    > Our Products:  
	Modular Homes    


Product Photo Gallery

Modular Homes 



What is a Modular Home?
Although some use the terms “modular homes” and “manufactured homes” interchangeably, there is a distinct difference.  While manufactured home construction is regulated by the Federal HUD Title 6 Construction Standards, modular homes are built in environmentally-protected building centers to local state construction codes.  Some states, however, have adopted one of the uniform construction codes such as UBC or IRC.
A modular home can be built as an “on-frame” or “off-frame” modular. On-frame will be built on a permanent steel frame or chassis. That steel frame is left in place when the homes is installed on home site.  And, by definition,  the off-frame modular will be built with the plan to remove the chassis frame when it is delivered to the home site. Off-frame modular homes typically require cranes to assist with home placement.
Here is a list of links to our Cavco home builders who build and sell modular homes.

Cavco Durango – Central Phoenix, AZ
Cavco West – Phoenix, AZ
Cavco Home Center
Nationwide Custom Homes
Fairmont Homes
Fleetwood Homes
Palm Harbor Homes

Modular homes are built to the same building standards that traditional site builder must meet. Before construction can begin, all modular floor plans must be reviewed and approved in each state in which the home is going to be placed.  A modular home can bebuilt as an “on-frame” or “off-frame” modular. On-frame will be built on a permanent steel frame or chassis.  And, by definition,  the off-frame modular will be built with the plan to remove the chassis frame when it is delivered to the home site.









Modular Homes News 



Cavco Provides Record Number of Homes for Show Village 2017 


In Orlando, Florida on January 10-12, Professional Builder magazine will sponsor their annual Show Village of Homes. Almost magically, this “village” of modular homes will… Read More



MHI Manufacturer of the Year 2016 


Each year members of the Manufactured Housing Institute recognize outstanding industry leaders. Receiving this distinguished honor for a seventh time is a testament to the… Read More



Cavco Industries Acquires Fairmont Homes 


Cavco Industries Announces Acquisition of Fairmont Homes PHOENIX, May 4, 2015— Cavco Industries Inc. (NASDAQ: CVCO) today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary, FH Group, LLC,… Read More

More News & Press






















Investor Relations

















NOTE:  It seems JavaScript is disabled in your
			browser. For better results, please enable JavaScript by changing
			your browser options, then try
				again.
		



Currently, you have blocked the website from accessing your location. Please provide permission for the website to access your location by changing your browser settings.


 

Menu

 





Cavco.com
	
	> Investor Relations


						Investor Relations


Sign
							up for Email alerts



      Cavco is a leading designer and builder of systems-built structures including manufactured homes, modular homes, commercial buildings, park model RVs, and vacation cabins. We operate 20 manufacturing facilities across the nation, which build some of the most widely recognized brand names in the industry: Cavco Homes, Fleetwood Homes, Palm Harbor Homes, Nationwide Homes, Fairmont Homes, Friendship Homes, Chariot Eagle and Lexington Homes. The company's insurance group, Standard Casualty, offers a wide range of insurance products for manufactured home owners and its finance subsidiary, CountryPlace Mortgage, offers a variety of homebuyer financing options.
      

      As a corporation publicly traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (symbol CVCO), we have a commitment to our stockholders, our people, and our homebuyers to provide quality housing and exceptional service. In recognition of its innovation, customer service, and long term stability, Cavco Industries has been awarded the following accolades: 

      
MHI Manufacturer of the Year, for seven consecutive years
Forbes Magazine 100 Best Managed Companies in the U.S.
Forbes Magazine America's 100 Best Small Companies





          Primary IR contact
        

          Dan Urness
          
           1001 North Central Avenue
          
           Suite # 800
          
           Phoenix, Arizona 85004
          
           Telephone: (602) 256-6263 

           Facsimile: (602) 256-6189 

           email: investor_relations@cavco.com
          

           Independent Certified Public Accountants: RSM US LLP
          

           Transfer Agent and Registrar:
          
           Computershare
          
Regular Delivery:

           P.O. Box 43006
          
           Providence, RI 02940-3006
          
Overnight Delivery

           250 Royall Street
          
           Canton, MA 02021
          
           Telephone: 888.525.8755 

           web: www.computershare.com



 Webcasts Nothing scheduled at this time Previous Webcast 			06/13/2017			-			Cavco Industries 4th Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call Webcast			- Streaming  

          Investor Relations Presentations
        

Cavco Investor Presentation
          
           July 2017 


Cavco Showcase of Homes 




          Stock Quote
        

Nasdaq GSM / CVCO CS



























Cavco Industries Inc. | RV Business - Part 2

























































TWITTER

FACEBOOK



SUBSCRIBE TO RVBUSINESS DAILY NEWS









Home
Calendar
Digital Edition

Back Issues


Subscriptions
Contact
RV Industry Directories



 





























































Cavco Virginia Factory Offers New Product Mix

July 27, 2011 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 







Cavco Industries Inc.’s acquisition of a Fleetwood factory in southern Virginia is playing an increasingly important role in the company’s market strategy by manufacturing a diverse mix of manufactured and park models for a growing dealer base.
According to a press release, before Phoenix, Ariz.-based Cavco acquired Fleetwood’s housing division two years ago, the Rocky Mount factory only built HUD-code homes, as it had since 1968.
But with the Cavco acquisition, the factory’s product mix now includes not only Fleetwood-brand manufactured homes, but Cavco’s own lines of manufactured homes as well as park models.
“We’re pleased with the progress we’ve been making,” said Tom Satterwhite, general manager of the Rocky Mount factory, which employs 60 people.
“We’re happy, too, because the Rocky Mount facility gives us a strategic market reach we didn’t have before,” said Tim Gage, vice president of Cavco’s specialty division, noting the company now has improved access to the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states because expensive trucking costs have been eliminated.
In addition to manufactured housing, the plant is producing several new park model lines. The Rocky Mount factory initially produced custom-designed park model cabins for campgrounds affiliated with Kampgrounds of America Inc. (KOA). But now the facility builds both cabins and traditional vinyl sided park models for a growing number of independently owned and operated parks as well as KOA-brand campgrounds throughout the Eastern U.S.
Cavco said the factory is also opening up new distribution channels for park models, both through street dealers and at campgrounds that want to sell the products to consumers as weekend retreats or vacation cottages.
“We’re constantly becoming stronger and getting more distribution and more retail turns on our product,” Satterwhite said.
The company said it is also developing growing number of sales leads through its websites and by participating in a growing number of tradeshows, such as the upcoming Pennsylvania RV and Camping Show, which is scheduled Sept. 14-18 in Hershey Pa., the National RV Tradeshow scheduled for Nov. 29 to Dec. 1 in Louisville, Ky., along with North Carolina RV shows in Charlotte, Greensboro and Raleigh.
For more information on products available through the Rocky Mount factory, please visit www.cavcoparkhomes.com and www.fleetwoodhomes.com.
 









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., park models 
Solar-Powered Cavco Park Model ‘Kolony’ Ready

April 19, 2011 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Interior of the first solar-powered lodge, opened in May 2010 at Herkimer Diamond KOA in New York.
With more than 40 inches of annual precipitation and three times as many cloudy days as sunny ones, upstate New York seems like the wrong place to determine the extent to which people can satisfy their energy needs with solar energy.
But Dr. Renee Scialdo Shevat argues that it’s actually an ideal place, since most of America has a similar climate. And she hopes to prove it with the energy production and consumption data she collects from the nation’s first “Solar Kolony,” which she is establishing this week at the Herkimer Diamond KOA campground in Hekimer, N.Y., according to a news release.
The “Solar Kolony” is a collection of three fully furnished “park model” cabins, which will be available for rent throughout the camping season. But unlike the “Kamping Lodges” that are available at other KOA campgrounds, Dr. Shevat’s units are powered exclusively by solar panels with a backup propane generator.
“We’re hoping to complete the installation of our ‘Solar Kolony’ in time for Earth Day on April 22,” Dr. Shevat said, adding that she is already receiving reservations from consumers who want to rent the environmentally friendly units.
Herkimer Diamond KOA installed its first solar powered park model cabin from Phoenix, Ariz.-based Cavco Industries last May. But the unit was so popular with campers that Dr. Shevat decided to install two more of Cavco’s solar powered park models this month, thus creating the nation’s first “Solar Kolony.”
But while many consumers will be enticed by the novelty of spending the night in the nation’s first “Solar Kolony,” Dr. Shevat is eager to study the Kolony’s energy production and consumption data, which she plans to share with the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority.
The park models that Dr. Shevat purchased to create the Solar Kolony have been equipped with energy saving lighting and appliances. But no one knows, at this point, whether it’s more cost effective or green to use a propane generator to produce backup power to recharge the Kolony’s batteries or simply to tap into New York’s existing electrical grid, given the relatively low cost of electricity that’s available between midnight and 6 a.m. “This will be one of many questions we hope to answer during the coming year,” Dr. Shevat said.
Beyond this, she said, campers who spend the night in the “Solar Kolony” will also have a chance to learn about other green building and living practices.
The 400-square-foot units, each of which sleep six, are all unique, but still have one thing in common: green technologies. Some of the units feature bamboo flooring, LED lighting, recycled axels and tires, recycled lumber composite decking, on-demand water heating, energy efficient heating and air-conditioning as well as a complete assortment of eco-friendly cleaning and bathroom products, including coreless toilet paper that leaves no cardboard core at the end of the roll. Even the units’ Amish-style furniture has been manufactured from recycled milk jugs and recycled hickory wood.
Storage tanks are also being set up to capture rainwater that falls on the units so that it can be used to irrigate an organic vegetable and herb garden. Park guests will be encouraged to pick vegetables and herbs from the garden during the summer months and to use them in their cooking while they stay at the park.
“Our guests will not only have an opportunity for a great camping experience, but the dwelling itself becomes an educational tool,” Dr. Shevat said, adding, “My hope is that our guests not only come to enjoy our park and our ‘Solar Kolony’ with friends and family, but come away inspired to live a greener lifestyle.”
For more information about the ‘Solar Kolony’ at the Herkimer Diamond KOA, please contact: Dr. Renee Scialdo Shevat at (315) 717-0175 or diamonds@ntcnet.com; Tim Gage at Cavco Industries at (602) 763-5488 or timg@cavco.com.









				Filed Under: Breaking News, News In FocusTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., Herkimer Diamond KOA, park models 
Cavco’s $84M Bid for Palm Harbor Homes OK’d

March 8, 2011 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Cavco Industries Inc. announced that the U.S. Bankruptcy Court last week approved a subsidiary of Cavco as the successful bidder for the assets of Palm Harbor Homes Inc. at an auction conducted under Section 363 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
Palm Harbor is a manufacturer and marketer of factory-built housing and recreational park trailers and a provider of related consumer financing and insurance products.
A newly formed subsidiary of Fleetwood Homes will purchase substantially all of Palm Harbor’s assets comprising its manufactured and modular housing construction and retail businesses and all of the outstanding stock of its insurance and finance subsidiaries, and to assume certain liabilities of Palm Harbor. Cavco and Third Avenue Value Fund (TAVFX) each owns 50% of Fleetwood Homes. Third Avenue Management, the investment adviser to Third Avenue Value Fund, is a New York-based company with expertise in value and distressed investing.
As previously reported, Palm Harbor and certain of its subsidiaries filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Nov. 29, 2010. Shortly thereafter, Fleetwood Homes provided a $50 million debtor-in-possession credit facility to Palm Harbor. On March 1, Cavco’s subsidiary was selected as the successful bidder in the court auction with a winning bid of $83.9 million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments and customary conditions to closing.
At the close of the asset purchase transaction, the then-outstanding balance of the credit facility, including accrued interest, will be credited to the purchase price, thus reducing the amount of cash consideration to be transferred at the close of the transactions contemplated by the purchase agreement. The transaction, expected to close on April 1, will be funded by Fleetwood Homes’ cash on hand along with equal equity contributions from Cavco and Third Avenue.
The successful bid included manufactured housing factories, retail locations, equipment, accounts receivable, inventory, intellectual property, and certain warranty and other liabilities. Palm Harbor’s insurance and finance subsidiaries, including Standard Casualty Company, Standard Insurance Agency, CountryPlace Acceptance Corp., and CountryPlace Mortgage, Ltd. were not parties to the Palm Harbor bankruptcy filing, but the shares of these companies are included in the assets to be acquired by Fleetwood Homes’ subsidiary.
Joseph Stegmayer, chairman, president and CEO of Cavco Industries, commented “As a fellow builder with Palm Harbor, we at Cavco and our partners at Third Avenue are thrilled to soon move past the remaining sale procedures, and turn our collective attention toward integrating the Palm Harbor operations. During the entire purchase process, we were and continue to be compelled by our belief in the long-term value of the Palm Harbor brand names and passion of the Palm Harbor people that represent it. We also believe that this combination will make our organization stronger and more capable in the national housing industry.”
“This transaction is consistent with our strategic plans to grow our business while our industry right-sizes in general under currently depressed market conditions. Our intention is to help Palm Harbor continue its heritage of providing quality home building and retailing, financing, insurance products and outstanding customer service,” Stegmayer concluded.
Larry Keener, chairman and CEO of Palm Harbor Homes, commented, “We are pleased and excited that Cavco, through their subsidiary Fleetwood Homes, was the successful bidder for the Palm Harbor assets. Cavco is a financially strong and extremely well managed company. The combination of the Cavco, Fleetwood, Palm Harbor, and Nationwide modular brands and operations creates a powerful nationwide spectrum of products and services. All of us at Palm Harbor look forward to this new opportunity.”









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., Palm Harbor Homes Inc. 
Park Model Builders Broaden Their Market

February 17, 2011 by Jeff Crider · 1 Comment 

Cavco Industries park model
With 67 RV sites, cottonwood trees, rock climbing walls and a three-acre fishing lake stocked with trout and catfish, Rancho Jurupa Park in Riverside, Calif., lives up to its billing as “a perfect setting for a quick escape from the city.”
Operated by the Riverside County Regional Park & Open Space District, it’s also one of a growing number of government-run parks investing in park models as rental accommodations.
“We did a feasibility study and a master plan, and one of the features that was called out was cabins for folks who want to get outdoors and have a nice recreational experience, but don’t have a camping unit themselves,” said Scott Bangle, general manager of park district.
Riverside County just installed six Silvercrest/Western Homes Division park models at Rancho Jurupa Park, and the county plans to add more park models to other county parks in the future. “I could see having a handful of units at every park,” Bangle said. “(They) will be part of our inventory at all of our major regional parks someday.”
Riverside County, of course, isn’t the only government agency that’s investing in park models as rental units. Phoenix, Ariz.-based Cavco Industries Inc. just delivered 25 park model cabins to Lassen National Park in Northern California, and the company is in discussions with other California counties about purchasing parks models for use as rental accommodations, said Tim Gage, vice president of Cavco’s Specialty Division.
“We believe that the government campground parks are a marketplace that hasn’t been fully explored at this point,” said Gage.
Private parks, for their part, have been stepping up their investments in park model cabins in recent years. But despite the significant purchases of park model cabins as rental units by Kampgrounds of America Inc. (KOA), Leisure Systems Inc. (LSI) and operators of independent parks, North America’s private campground sector is still a long way from being saturated with rental accommodations.
In fact, the KOA system, which purchased 317 park models last year, is now waiving royalty fees on park model income for one year on any new units that its franchisees purchase this year.
“The idea is to encourage more KOAs to invest in lodging,” said Mike Atkinson, director of lodging for the Billings, Mont.-based franchisor, adding that park models are “becoming an absolute necessity to grow your campground income.”
Necessity or not, park models accounted for 1,168 of KOA’s 1,530 fully equipped (with bathrooms) rental accommodations systemwide in 2010 and generated over three times as much income as typical RV sites. “Park models have the longest short-term occupancy and you get over three times the money,” Atkinson said.
Atkinson added that most people who could be potential campground accommodations guests have not even been exposed yet to the concept.
Of course, Atkinson cautions that simply purchasing park models doesn’t turn into immediate revenue hikes because they have to be marketed. He says it typically takes three years for them to reach their marketing potential.
Pinnacle Park Homes units in campground setting
Nevertheless, some park operators find that these ordinarily rustic-looking units outperform their expectations.
Scott Cory, managing partner of Ventura Ranch KOA in the mountains southeast of Santa Barbara, Calif., installed four Cavco park models at his park in June of last year. It was the first time his park offered accommodations and he found that his guests responded very favorably to his investment.
“Lodging is the biggest ‘wow’ factor we’ve done at our park,” he said, adding that he plans to purchase six more park models this year. He also complements his park models with glamour tents and teepees.
Manufacturers, for their part, are increasingly rolling out more park model rental options, not only to accommodate rising demand for rental units, but to make up for recent declines in sales to consumers who traditionally purchased park models and placed them on leased campsites for use as their own private vacation cottage.
“We’re looking at doing more rentals because more and more campgrounds are realizing the benefits of having park models versus transient RV sites,” said Tyler Steele, vice president of Canterbury RV in Goshen, Ind.
“Listening to the needs and desires of campground owners and then turning that input into an affordable and profitable cabin design has been a crucial key to our growth,” said Andy Davis, sales manager for Pinnacle Park Homes in Ochlocknee, Ga.
Some park model manufacturers, however, still focus most of their attention on producing units for consumers who want to buy them for use as vacation cottages that they can place on leased or purchased campsites in campgrounds, RV parks or resorts.
“We’re probably about 10% for campground rentals, while 90% of our production is for retail sales,” said John Soard, general manager of Fairmont Park Trailers in Nappanee, Ind.
Chariot Eagle cabin
Joe Follman, sales manager for Chariot Eagle Inc. in Ocala, Fla., added that park operators that rent or lease sites to park model owners can benefit from having a steady income stream. “I think there’s still a lot of room to grow in this industry, both in the Sunbelt and up north,” he said. “There’s still plenty of business out there. We’re such a small percentage of the RV business.”
A continuing roadblock is the availability of financing, both for consumers and parks that want to purchase park models for use as rental accommodations.
“You can show how quickly they can be paid off, and how it’s a great investment to put cabins in. But the lenders are just not buying aggressively,” said Dick Grymonprez of Athens Park Homes in Athens, Texas. “If we could get financing, all of us would be building more cabins. I can’t tell you how many campgrounds tell me, ‘If you can get us financing, we’ll buy six.’ I can’t tell you how many roadblocks we face getting them financed.”
But there is money out there. Parks are continuing to purchase park models. And, increasingly, manufacturers say that the best sources are local lenders rather than nationally known lenders that have little knowledge or experience with the park model product.
The same approach can also help consumers find sources of financing for park models they’d like to purchase as private vacation cottages. “We’re recommending that dealers work with their local banks and educate them about the lack of defaults in the park model world and why it’s a good business model for them,” said Steele of Canterbury RV.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Athens Park Homes, Canterbury RV, Cavco Industries Inc., Chariot Eagle Inc., Kampgrounds of America Inc., Leisure Systems Inc., Pinnacle Park Homes, Silvercrest/Western Homes Division 
Cavco Looks to Another Housing Acquisition

February 1, 2011 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Even as manufactured-home sales continue at their lowest levels in about 50 years nationwide, Phoenix-based Cavco Industries Inc. is attempting to grow more by buying another one of its rivals, The Arizona Republic reported.
Cavco in August 2009 bought one of its largest competitors, Fleetwood Enterprises Inc., out of Federal Bankruptcy Court for $26.6 million and now is attempting to buy Dallas-based Palm Harbor Homes Inc., for $57.5 million.
Palm Harbor filed for bankruptcy reorganization in November, and the purchase would be subject to an auction and court approval. The company’s products are sold in Arizona and it has a manufacturing plant in Tempe.
“We are trying to grow in a down market and get positioned for when things turn around. That is our strategy,” Joseph Stegmayer, Cavco’s chairman, president and CEO said on Friday (Jan. 28).
He said a number of rivals have shut down and that Cavco officials believe their balance sheet is strong enough to support acquisitions.
A Palm Harbor purchase would be expected to give Cavco more sales in the Southeast, from Florida to Texas, where Palm Harbor is strongest, Stegmayer said. With the purchase of Fleetwood, Cavco was able to boost is distribution to 35 states, from 10.
Cavco, also a builder of recreational park trailers, is the second- or third-largest maker of manufactured homes. Stegmayer said he couldn’t be sure because Champion Home Builders Co., a Pennsylvania company believed to be among the top three, is private and doesn’t report its sales.
At any rate, he said the potential purchase definitely would not boost Cavco into the No. 1 spot because of the sales power of No. 1 Clayton Homes, a Tennessee firm owned by Berkshire Hathaway and Warren Buffett. Palm Harbor is believed to be the third or fourth largest, ranking behind Cavco, Stegmayer said.
Over the past two years, the manufactured-home business sold the lowest number of homes since records were first kept in 1959, Stegmayer said. About 50,000 homes were sold nationwide in 2009 and 2010. Cavco expects to sell about 5,000 in its current fiscal year, which ends March 31.
While financing has become more available for qualified buyers, he said the biggest problem is a lack of confidence.
“Our retailers say customers come in and look,” he said. “But they just don’t want to make a decision now because they lack confidence in the economy, where the economy is going.”
The company last week reported net income of $24,000, or 0.4 cents a share, for the quarter ending Dec. 31, compared with a loss of $1 million, or 16 cents a share, a year earlier.
“That’s not a lot of profit this quarter but a big swing from last year, so we are pleased to move from the red to the black,” Stegmayer said.
Net sales grew 9% to $39.6 million compared with the same quarter a year earlier. It was the first quarter since the Fleetwood purchase in which sales could accurately be compared with the previous year.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc. 
Report: RVs Hit the Road, Winnebago Pops

December 20, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Editor’s Note: Wall Street Cheat Sheet, a newsletter for investors and entrepreneurs, filed comments on Sunday (Dec. 19) following last week’s quarterly report by Winnebago Industries Inc. Excerpts of the newsletter follow.
Winnebago Industries Inc. sports a $443 million market cap and has beaten estimates in six of the past 12 quarters.
The company’s balance sheet remains very strong with no debt and about $3 per share in cash.
Operating margins were 3.5% excluding a $644,000 asset sale gain.
Gross margins rose from 0.6% all the way to 9.1%.
Did You Hear That? CEO Bob Olson said on the call that “the outlook for 2011 looks good and labor availability is the one possible constraint the company could have later in fiscal 2011.”
Analysts at Morningstar noted that they “think Winnebago can be successful if it does not leverage up the company over time to make deals and only pursues acquisitions with a high probability of sufficient return.  We will reduce our fair value if management starts to constantly make acquisitions simply to bring in more revenue without sufficient regard to long-term profitability.”
Competitors to Watch: Thor Industries, Skyline Corp. and Cavco Industries Inc.
Technicals: After last week’s rise, shares of WGO are not far from completing a cup-shaped base dating back to this past May.  The stock’s 50-day moving average is poised to break above its 200-day line in the coming days, and volume has been steadily increasing for the past four weeks.  All are bullish signals, and a breakout above $17.43 may be the beginning of the company’s next move higher.  However, understand that cup-shaped bases often have handles, meaning that initial breakouts often fail, with the following “handle” breakout being the move that augurs in favor of future gains.
Commentary: WGO swung to a fiscal first-quarter profit that handily topped analysts estimates.  Higher deliveries and a rise in average selling prices were behind the gain.  The RV maker has returned to profitability in recent quarters, recovering from an industry crisis that saw some competitors file for bankruptcy.  Still, it faces consumers who are reluctant to make big purchases due to persistent high unemployment and housing woes.  The company is an interesting play for those seeking exposure to large-scale consumer purchases.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., Skyline Corp., Thor Industries Inc., Winnebago Industries Inc. 
Cavco Reports 249% Sales Increase in Q1

August 6, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Cavco Industries Inc. reported a 249% increase in sales for the first quarter ending June 30.
The Phoenix-based builder of manufactured homes and recreational park trailers said on Thursday (Aug. 5) that net sales for the quarter totaled $47,505,000, up from $13,595,000 for the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. The first quarter 2011 results include the Fleetwood Homes operations which, as previously reported, were acquired during the second quarter of fiscal year 2010.
Net income attributable to Cavco stockholders for the fiscal 2011 first quarter was $518,000 compared to net loss of $1,449,000 reported in the same quarter one year ago. Net income per share based on basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding was $0.08 versus basic and diluted net loss per share of $0.22 last year.
“We are pleased to report positive earnings for the first quarter of the new fiscal year, however there remain a number of impediments to the company’s achievement of sustained, satisfactory operating results,” said Joseph Stegmayer, chairman, president and CEO, while commenting on the quarter. “Incoming order rates are still turbulent, limiting our factories’ opportunities to increase production levels and hampering efficient production planning and execution. Additionally, gross margins continue to be adversely impacted by a product mix favoring smaller, less amenitized homes.”
Stegmayer continued, “Challenges pertaining to consumer manufactured home lending abound including restrictive underwriting guidelines, irregular appraisal processes, and limited secondary market availability for manufactured home loans. To address these negative forces, we and the industry as a whole continue to work with lenders and regulators on ways to improve the prospects for the borrowing needs of buyers of affordable factory built housing.”
“The second quarter of fiscal year 2011 that we have now begun marks the one-year anniversary of the Fleetwood Homes business combination. We believe the integration of Fleetwood Homes has gone well, and that we are properly positioned to take advantage of opportunities to further improve our operating performance,” Stegmayer concluded.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc. 
Cavco’s Park Model Business Perking Back Up

June 1, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Phoenix-based Cavco Industries Inc. is helping create a market for campers who don’t want to pitch a tent, tow an RV or buy or rent a pricey cabin.
The company’s main business is making manufactured homes, but it has developed a small but steadily growing niche of making recreational park trailers that can be purchased for about $35,000 and up, or rented at affordable prices, according to the Arizona Republic.
Cavco is even producing a solar version and recently installed what it claims to be the first solar-powered park-model cabin that can be operated off an electrical grid at a KOA campground.
Officials with Kampgrounds of America Inc., the world’s largest camping company, credit the little units with expanding its customer base, bringing in more minorities and “jump-starting” a new camping segment that wants an affordable camping experience with some comfort.
“They opened up camping to an entirely new market for us. There’s a level of camper out there who wants the comfort and is willing to pay for it,” KOA spokesman Mike Gast said.
Jim Rogers, president and CEO of KOA, predicts that the commercial-campground industry will become more aggressive over the next five to 10 years in buying units like these.
The 400-square-foot lodges that Cavco makes for KOA are rented for $75 to $150 a night and come with bathrooms and full-service kitchens, and can sleep four to six people. “We call it Marriott camping,” Rogers said.
KOA and Cavco came together about eight years ago. The 48-year-old KOA, headquartered in Billings, Mont., had been renting smaller “Kabins” and “Kottages” for several decades to give customers alternatives to tents and RVs. But most of those units don’t have bathrooms and kitchens. KOA found them to be expensive to maintain and buy.
And for about the past dozen years, 45-year-old Cavco had been making smaller 400-square-foot versions of its manufactured homes as second homes. They are called park models because they designed for RV parks.
Cavco proposed the idea of making more rustic-looking park models for camping. For several years, the two companies tested various materials and the durability of the homes.
Gast said of a typical Cavco lodge: “It looks like it belongs in a campground. It either has cedar or log sides. It comes in on wheels. You add a porch, and all of a sudden you’ve got a cabin in the woods.”
The company bought 250 last year and expects to buy an additional 300 this year, he said.
The lodges have proven to be popular with customers.
“We can’t get enough of them fast enough,” Rogers said of the lodges. “That’s the future of camping in the U.S. It’s looking very good for Cavco Industries as a result of the popularity.”
The bulk of KOA’s business is renting tent or RV spaces, and only about 15% is its lodging business, Gast said. But rentals of the Kabins, Kottages and now lodges have been growing because they offer affordable vacations at a variety of locations.
“We found out last year that camping is hotter than we thought. We had our best summer in 48 years. We did a lot of surveys, and it was the affordability and the desire for a quality affordable vacation close to home that really rang true to customers,” Gast said.
Rogers said Cavco is KOA’s main supplier but it hasn’t been able to buy all its lodges from Cavco because of the cost of freighting them from a plant in Goodyear, Ariz.
Cavco hopes to resolve that issue by starting production at a Fleetwood Enterprises Inc. plant at Rocky Mount, Va., that Cavco acquired last year.
Cavco and other makers of manufactured homes have been struggling during the recession because would-be buyers are having trouble getting financing. Cavco last year lost $3.37 million, after making a profit of almost $500,000 the year before.
Cavco sells about 750 to 1,000 park models a year, and about half of those are recreational types such as the KOA lodges, said Tim Gage, a Cavco vice president.
“The rental market is kind of an up-and-coming market,” he said, and has been expanding every year for the past five yeas.
Cavco has been going to RV industry conventions and seminars to promote the recreational units. Now, it is pushing into solar-powered units for remote campgrounds or campsites that don’t have electrical connections.
Its first “off grid” park-model cabin was installed at a KOA campground in Herkimer, N.Y., to be used as a rental cabin and to showcase green-living practices.
It has solar panels on its roof that can produce two kilowatts of power. It also has a backup propane generator, bamboo floors, axles and tires made of recycled materials, recycled-lumber composite decks, and energy-efficient heating and cooling. Even its furniture was made from recycled milk jugs and recycled hickory wood.
Last year, Cavco delivered its first solar-powered park model to Sacred Rocks Reserve and RV Park near San Diego but that one is connected to an electrical grid.
“One reason for solar is to stay ahead of the game of what everyone else is doing,” Gage said.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., Kampgrounds of America Inc. 
ARVC Chairman Berg Speaks at TACO Confab

May 18, 2010 by Jeff Crider · Leave a Comment 

The National Association of RV Parks and Campgrounds (ARVC) is considering changing some of the duties of association and CEO after the current president and CEO, Linda Profaizer, retires at the end of this year.
“Our current president and CEO has vast responsibilities and we may consider some realignment of duties going forward,” said ARVC Chairman David L. Berg. “We are looking at all staff positions and responsibilities within the organization and may restructure some positions.”
Berg talked about staffing and other initiatives underway at ARVC in an address to members of the Texas Association of Campground Owners (TACO), who had gathered at Guadalupe River RV Resort in Kerrville for TACO’s annual spring meeting and convention. Their convention began Sunday and ends today (May 18).
In a subsequent interview, Berg cautioned that no final decisions have been made about the approach ARVC will take to replace Profaizer, who retires Dec. 31. “We want to make sure that our selection process enables us to recruit the best possible candidate for this position,” he said.
In his address to TACO members, Berg also said that ARVC is heavily promoting the GoCampingAmerica website with both print and online advertising initiatives.
He also said ARVC is continuing to take steps to improve communication with its state affiliates and that the national association hasn’t given up on the idea of having TACO become an affiliate of ARVC once again. “We’d like to have you back in the family,” he said, adding, “We (ARVC) need to improve our communication and treat the states as equal partners.”
Berg also lauded former ARVC Chairman Jeff Sims, also in attendance at the meeting, for his volunteer work reaching out to non-ARVC member parks to educate them about the merits of ARVC membership. As of mid-May, Sims had personally visited more than 400 parks at his own expense.
Monday’s TACO meeting also included a presentation by Bob MacKinnon of Murrieta, Calif.-based GuestReviews. “Texas has strong participation in the (GuestReviews) program,” he said, adding that Texas parks had an average score of A-minus in overall guest satisfaction.
Monday’s activities included a tradeshow with roughly 40 vendors, including Topeka, Ind.-based CrossRoads RV, Phoenix, Ariz.-based Cavco Industries Inc. and Athens Park Homes of Athens, Texas, each of which had park models on display.
The day’s activities also included a seminar on Wi-Fi marketing by Frank Drew of Austin, Texas-based TengoInternet and a seminar on “Expanding Your Park” by Kathy and Tony Palmeri of Jellystone Park Camp-Resort in Estes Park, Colo,. and Leisure Systems Inc.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Athens Park Homes, Campgrounds, Cavco Industries Inc., CrossRoads RV, GuestReviews, Leisure Systems Inc., National Association of RV Parks and Campgrounds, RV Parks, Texas Association of Campground Owners 
Campgrounds Diversifying with Rentals

May 5, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

The campground business has been the most resilient sector of the travel and tourism business throughout the recession. But it’s not just because campgrounds offer the most affordable vacation option, according to The Daily Exchange, Waterloo, Ontario.
“Campgrounds increasingly offer rental accommodations, so they’re no longer solely dependent on tent campers and RV owners,” said Linda Profaizer, president and CEO of the National Association of RV Parks and Campgrounds (ARVC), adding that roughly a third of America’s campgrounds now offer park model rental accommodations.
But most campgrounds aren’t building their own rental accommodations from scratch. In most cases, they are ordering factory-built cabins and cottages, which are being delivered to their parks just in time for the camping season.
Many of them look like miniature log or cedar-sided cabins. But these 400-square-foot units are actually recreational park trailers or “park models,” and are technically classified as recreational vehicles.
“They’re completely turnkey,” said William Garpow, executive director of the Recreational Park Trailer Industry Association (RPTIA), which represents park model manufacturers. “All the campground owner has to do is hook each unit up to the utilities and they’re ready to rent.”
And, perhaps best of all, since “park models” are technically classified as recreational vehicles, they do not require building permits in most jurisdictions, so campgrounds can literally order them over the phone and have them delivered to their parks within a matter of weeks.
“Manufacturers construct these units in factories to conform with approximately 500 safety requirements contained in the National Safety Standard for recreational park trailers,” Garpow said.
Industry insiders see the campground industry’s increasing investments in park models and other rental accommodations as a shrewd business move, particularly given rising fuel costs and the dramatic decline in towable and motorized RV sales in recent years as a result of the recession.
“To a certain extent, the campground industry has insulated itself from the economic downturn by installing rental units,” Profaizer said.
Indeed, by providing rental accommodations, campgrounds are drawing not only tenters and RVers, but anyone who would normally stay in a hotel or motel while they travel.
“With park model cabin rentals, we can appeal to families who don’t have to worry about going out and purchasing an RV or having a tow vehicle or whatever the case may be. They can just get in their car and come to one of our parks,” said Rob Schutter, COO of Milford, Ohio-based Leisure Systems Inc., which franchises Jellystone Park Camp-Resorts.
Campgrounds have been gradually investing in park model cabins and other rental accommodations for many years. But the focus on rentals has intensified in recent years.
In fact, the competition for campground business has become so fierce that park model manufacturers are facing increasing competition from RV manufacturers, who are now marketing some of their own products as rental accommodations for campgrounds.
For more than 13 years, in fact, the Breckenridge Division of Damon Corp. in Nappanee, Ind., was the only Thor Industries Inc. subsidiary that produced rental accommodations for campgrounds. Now there are four Thor subsidiaries vying for a piece of the campground rental business, with Topeka, Ind.-based CrossRoads RV, Goshen, Ind.-based Keystone RV Co. and Jackson Center, Ohio-based Airstream Inc. each competing for a piece of the campground accommodations business along with Breckenridge.
Some of the major campground chains, for their part, are busy working out exclusive arrangements with leading park model manufacturers, which are building custom-designed rental units for their parks.
Phoenix, Ariz.-based Cavco Industries Inc., for example, is building units for Kampgrounds of America Inc. (KOA), while CrossRoads RV recently landed an agreement to build custom designed park models for Yogi Bear’s Jellystone Park Camp-Resorts. Another RV resort developer, Memphis, Tenn.-based RVC Outdoor Destinations, is working with Athens Park Homes in Athens, Texas, to furnish its resorts with park models.
But while some see the growing demand for rental units in campgrounds as a result of rising fuel costs and declining RV sales, it also reflects significant sociological changes taking place across the United States, Profaizer said.
“Families are increasingly time deprived and the dynamics of the summer vacation have changed,” she said. “People are camping closer to home because they don’t have as much time off to take extended trips across the country. Oftentimes, both parents are working and their kids are often involved in extracurricular activities, which limit their ability to travel.”
In addition, she said, many families are finding that it’s easier and more convenient to rent a cabin for a weekend getaway than to spend their limited free time packing, setting up and taking down tent camping equipment. For others, she said, having a cabin rental gives them an opportunity to experience camping in the great outdoors even if they don’t have an RV.
Schutter of Leisure Systems said campgrounds are also finding that park model rentals are particularly appealing to women, especially mothers. “In our particular system,” he said, “one of the major decision makers is Mom. And Mom finds all the comforts of home in these units. That’s a big selling point.”
Thomas Heneghan, CEO of Equity LifeStyle Properties Inc., also said park model accommodations have wide market appeal. “In today’s economy,” he said, “the park model extends the outstanding value and experience of the outdoor lifestyle to families who are either unfamiliar with tent camping or RVing or who prefer the conveniences offered by staying in a park model.” He added that park models “allow one to have all of the comforts and conveniences of home with the ability to have a change of scenery and reconnect with family.”
Park model manufacturers, for their part, find it behooves them to pay attention to campgrounds and their growing accommodations needs.
“Many of our manufacturers are literally racing to get these units in place in time for the summer camping season,” said Garpow of RPTIA, adding that the pre-summer rush can be a nail-biter for campgrounds, many of which have already booked the park models they have ordered for this summer.
Such is the case at West Glacier KOA in Glacier, Mont., which just received six park model cabins in late April. “We’re hooking them up to septic and electric utilities right now,” said park co-owner Theresa McClure, adding that five of the six units are already booked May 14, when the park opens for the summer camping season.
“It’s just crazy,” McClure said of consumer demand for park model cabins, which KOA markets as Kamping Lodges. “We could probably put in 12 and they’d all be booked.”









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Airstream Inc., ARVC, Athens Park Homes, Breckenridge Division of Damon Corp., Cavco Industries Inc., CrossRoads RV, Equity LifeStyle Properties Inc., Keystone RV Co., Leisure Systems Inc., National Association of RV Parks and Campgrounds, Recreational Park Trailer Industry Association, recreational park trailers, RVC Outdoor Destinations, Thor Industries Inc., Yogi Bear's Jellystone Park Camp-Resorts 
Recreational Park Trailer Makers Go ‘Green’

May 3, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Later this month, the Kampground of America (KOA) campground in Herkimer, N.Y. is going to start renting out the nation’s first park trailer to achieve “Emerald” status from NTA Inc., a Nappanee-based company that specializes in certifying “green” manufacturers.
Phoenix, Ariz.-based Cavco Industries Inc. received the Emerald status for the Herkimer park trailer in late April after proving that the unit met NTA’s highest green standards.
Indeed, the Herkimer KOA unit, believed the first “off-grid” park trailer in the country, features numerous green features, including solar panels capable of producing 2  kilowatts of power, bamboo flooring, LED lighting, recycled axels and tires, recycled lumber composite decking, on-demand water heating, energy efficient heating and air-conditioning.
But while this unit may demonstrate one company’s efforts to prove how green it can be, in reality, park trailer manufacturers in Elkhart County, Ind., and across the country are increasingly seeking green certifications, not only for their products, but for their manufacturing processes.
And several consulting engineering firms are helping them obtain their green certifications. In the past year, TR Arnold & Associates in Elkhart has certified Elkhart-based Trophy Homes Inc. and Forest River Inc. as well as Middlebury-based Woodland Park as green manufacturers, while Athens, Texas-based Athens Park Homes also met NTA’s requirements for green certification. Elkhart-based Country Log Cottages, for its part, has also obtained green certification from Anderson, Ind.-based BIS LLC, as has Chariot Eagle Inc., an Ocala, Fla.-based park trailer manufacturer.
Olin Wenrick, president and CEO of Trophy Homes, said consumers are becoming increasingly educated about the merits of green products and it may eventually get to the point where manufacturers are at a disadvantage if they aren’t able to tell their customers they are green.
“It’s coming. So why not start now?” Wenrick asked. “It at least tells people out there that I’m trying to do the right thing for the environment.”
In Trophy’s case, it already was. Trophy had already adopted environmentally friendly manufacturing practices, such as recycling its construction waste, so it was relatively easy for the company to get green certified, Wenrick said.
Dave Burrows, national sales manager for Middlebury-based Woodland Park, said his company also achieved green certification with relative ease.
“We didn’t really have to change anything,” he said. “We had been manufacturing to green standards for quite a while. There was just not a certification process or a verification process for our industry.”
But TR Arnold & Associates, NTA, BIS and other consulting firms have tried to fill that void, and park trailer manufacturers are finding it’s worth their time and effort to seek green certifications.
Burrows, in fact, said Woodland Park’s dealers applauded its green certification. “Basically, the dealers looked at it as a move in the right direction. They looked at it as another tool for them to sell our product. And my Canadian dealers absolutely loved the thought of a green product.”
Mandy Leazenby, TR Arnold & Associates’ green program manager, said her company looks at several criteria before determining whether a company’s manufacturing operations can be green certified. “We look at indoor air-quality, resource efficiency, energy efficiency, water efficiency, operations and maintenance and innovative practices,” she said. “We also look at the attitude of the company and the extent to which they recycle materials during the construction process.”
But while obtaining “green” certification has been relatively painless for several Elkhart County manufacturers to achieve, selling “green” units is another matter, said Wenrick, adding that his company’s green status hasn’t yet translated into increased sales.
That day may come, however.
In fact, while many consumers may not yet be ready to purchase an “off grid” green park trailer with all the bells and whistles, such as solar panels with backup generators, consumers are showing interest in purchasing park trailers with energy and water saving features, such as LED lighting, low flow faucet and showerheads and energy saving appliances.
Dick Grymonprez, vice president of marketing for Athens Park Homes, which achieved its green certification last year, said his company is seeing increased demand for instant hot water heaters.
“Some people just focus on solar panels, but there are different shades of green,” said Leazenby of TR Arnold & Associates, adding that there are many green features in today’s park trailers that are very positive features for consumers, such as units with low-VOC paints and finishes as well as formaldehyde-free carpets, wall materials and flooring.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Athens Park Homes, BIS LLC, Cavco Industries Inc., Chariot Eagle Inc., Country Log Cottages, Forest River Inc., TR Arnold & Associates, Trophy Homes Inc., Woodland Park 
RV Traders is Cavco’s ‘Dealer of the Decade’

April 5, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Phoenix-based Cavco Industries Inc. is the largest park model manufacturer in the western United States and Mesa-based RV Traders has consistently been its largest dealer, a distinction that recently prompted Cavco to name RV Traders its “Dealer of the Decade.”
But while RV Traders co-owners Ken Dugwyler and Jack Crays are obviously pleased with Cavco’s recognition, they are equally enthused about the timing of Cavco’s announcement, which coincides with a sharp upturn in consumer demand for park models after two years of lagging sales, according to a news release.
“The park models really seem to be reviving this year,” Dugwyler said, adding that RV Traders’ sales are up 30% over 2009 figures.
RV Traders, which has locations in Mesa and Apache Junction, sells both park models as well as travel trailers, fifth-wheels and toy haulers. But Dugwyler said park models, which are used as seasonal cottages in RV parks and resorts in Arizona and throughout the Sunbelt, have withstood the economic downturn better than towable RVs and, consequently, have helped his dealership weather the recession.
“The demand for everything declined in the past couple of years. But the regular RVs suffered considerably more than the park models,” Dugwyler said, adding, “We’re definitely doing a lot better with park model sales this year than the past couple of seasons, especially last year. Our RV business is improving as well.”
RV Traders has been involved in the park model business in Arizona since its inception in the late 1970s. Dugwyler said demand for park models has grown in Arizona and across the Sunbelt because park models offer Snow Birds an attractive, roomy and sturdy alternative to travel trailers, fifth-wheels and motorhomes.
Unlike towable or motorized RVs, park models are 400-square foot cottage-like units with full size kitchen appliances, showers and interior furnishings. Park models are also better insulated than towable or motorized RVs, which makes them more comfortable for use as a seasonal dwelling.
“Park models are technically classified as recreational vehicles, but they are sort of a hybrid between a factory-built home and an RV,” Dugwyler said. “They are approved by zoning laws to go into RV parks, but they are built more like a small home.”
And while RV Traders initially sold park models almost exclusively to Snow Birds, Cavco’s decision to broaden its product offering to include cabin-style park models has helped open up a new market for working professionals, families and retirees who want to have a weekend or seasonal getaway cabin in the mountains of northern Arizona, the Rockies and the Pacific Northwest.
“Our geographic reach is growing every year,” Dugwyler said. “We’re shipping units to California, Oregon, Washington and Colorado. We’ve even sold some units in Montana and Wyoming.”
And because RV Traders is also a full-service RV dealership, it can accept towable RVs and motorhomes as trade-ins for park model units.
“We resell just about every park model we take in trade for a new one,” Dugwyler said, adding that older park models are typically sold for use in some of the more economical RV parks.
Cavco, for its part, is pleased that RV Traders continues to enjoy market success. “They’ve been our number one dealer for sales and customer service ever since we signed them on,” said Tim Gage, vice president of Cavco’s Specialty Group, adding, “We fully expect that RV Traders will continue to grow with us in the years ahead.”









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., RV Traders 
Cavco’s Virginia Plant Ships 1st Kamping Lodge

March 31, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

For 14 years, roughly 80 employees at Fleetwood Enterprises Inc.’s 135,000-square-foot factory in Rocky Mount, Va., produced nothing but manufactured homes.
And while most of them retained their jobs after Phoenix, Ariz.-based Cavco Industries Inc. acquired the company last fall, the seasoned team of employees had to learn a new product: a custom designed park model for Kampgrounds of America Inc. (KOA) East Coast franchisees, according to a news release.
But after seven months of intensive training, including specialized training sessions for key production employees at Cavco’s park model factory in Goodyear, Ariz., the Rocky Mount employees succeeded this month in producing Cavco’s first “Kamping Lodges” for KOA’s East Coast franchisees, with the first unit being delivered to the KOA in Allentown, Pa.
“I’m very impressed,” said Mike Atkinson, KOA director of lodging. “It’s a daunting task to go from a manufactured home plant to a park model plant, especially when you try to put KOA specifications into the mix. It’s the toughest park model you can build because it’s so far outside the norm of what park model companies do.”
The units include tongue and grove interiors, specialty floor materials, and composite siding. The walls are glued together instead of nailed together and the dormers in the rooflines have to be trimmed out. “It takes real craftsmanship to build a KOA unit,” Atkinson said.
Atkinson, who visited the Rocky Mount plant this week, credited Tim Gage, vice president Cavco park models, Dave Blank, vice president and general manager of Cavco’s Goodyear, Ariz., operation, and Tom Satterwhite, general manager of the Rocky Mount factory, for developing the teamwork and training necessary to produce a high quality product for KOA franchisees.
Several Fleetwood employees spent time training at Cavco’s park model factory in Arizona, but the job was made easier because Satterwhite had already created a culture of teamwork at Rocky Mount.
Satterwhite, for his part, said all the accolades go to Cavco’s park model experts. “We just executed the plan they put together,” Satterwhite said, adding, “I think all our people in the plant are just glad KOA selected us as their lodge provider and glad we have the opportunity to work with Cavco.”
For more information on Cavco’s Kamping Lodges, park models and other specialized living units, contact Tim Gage at (602) 763-5488 or visit www.cavcoparkhomes.com. For more information on KOA’s use of park model cabins as Kamping Lodges, contact Mike Atkinson at (406) 248-7444 or e-mail him at matkinson@koa.net.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., Kampgrounds of America Inc., KOA 
Cavco Finishes First KOA Lodge at Virginia Plant

March 23, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

The first “Kamping Lodge” park model manufactured for Kampgrounds of America (KOA) has rolled off the production line at Fleetwood Homes in Rocky Mount, Va., according to The Franklin News-Post, Rocky Mount.
Cavco Industries Inc., the Arizona-based company that purchased Fleetwood’s manufactured housing business in August 2009, is supplying KOA Inc. and its franchisees with park model Kamping Lodges.
The lodges also are being manufactured in Litchfield, Ariz., and in its Texas operation.
Tom Satterwhite, production manager of Fleetwood, said production in the Rocky Mount plant began the first of March.
KOA has 475 campgrounds throughout the United States.
“We sent our production people to Phoenix for training in February. Each group stayed a week. Tim Gage, vice president of speciality sales, and Dave Blank, general manager of the Litchfield plant, came here to help get us started,” Satterwhite said.
The plant’s approximately 85 employees took a break Thursday morning (March 18) to pose for a picture with the first lodge to roll off the production lines.
When Cavco announced the purchase of the Fleetwood plant in Rocky Mount, the company said that acquisition of the facility will enable Cavco to serve “hundreds of KOA franchises in the eastern section of the United States.”
“The first unit is being sent to Allentown, Pa., but we will be shipping the lodges as far north as Herkimer, N.Y., as far south as Naples, Fla., and as far west as Townsend, Tenn.,” the general manager said.
The Rocky Mount plant will save East Coast franchises money in shipping costs, Gage pointed out.
The first lodge produced is 28 feet long and  more than 11 feet, wide. The lodges are shipped complete with furniture and bedding. It is set up to sleep four to six people.
Tongue-and-groove wood is used on the interior.
Satterwhite and Luis Figueroa, production manager, explained that lodges come with an option of a 5-foot-long front porch.
The different models are constructed using the same floorplan. There are two bunk beds and a bathroom at one end of the lodge and a larger bedroom at the other end.
There also are several other options including a loft with a ceiling fan.
Cavco has said that camping in a Kamping Lodge is like “roughing it” in a vacation home. Satterwhite explained that some of the models come without a stove as outdoor gas grills are used instead.
The company worked with KOA to develop a custom line of floorplans designed specifically for KOA customers.
While the lodges being produced in Rocky Mount are to fill KOA orders, Satterwhite said Cavco, in the future, will be selling to dealers who in turn will sale to the public.
Satterwhite said that since the local facility was purchased by Cavco, the plant has been closed for only five work days.
“Three of those were due to the big winter storms and the other two was because of lack of production work,” Satterwhite said.
KOA franchisees purchased more than 200 Kamping Lodges from Cavco in 2009, company officials have said.
Cavco is a leader in manufactured homes, park models and camping cabins. It is a primary supplier to campground and RV park owners and developers for rental homes, lodges and resale models.









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., Kampgrounds of America Inc. 
Cavco Industries Reports Higher Q3 Sales, But Loss

January 29, 2010 by RVBusiness · Leave a Comment 

Cavco Industries Inc., a builder of park models for the campground industry and manufactured homes for the retail market,  Thursday (Jan. 28) announced financial results for the third quarter and first nine months of its fiscal year 2010 ended Dec. 31.
Net sales for the third quarter of fiscal 2010 totaled $36,369,000, up 45% from $25,093,000 for the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. The third quarter 2010 results include the Fleetwood Homes operations which, as previously reported, were acquired during the second quarter of the current fiscal year.
Net loss attributable to Cavco stockholders for the fiscal 2010 third quarter was $1,030,000 compared to net income of $110,000 reported in the same quarter one year ago.
For the first nine months of fiscal 2010, net sales decreased 12% to $79,341,000 from $90,632,000 for the comparable prior year period. Net loss attributable to Cavco stockholders for the first nine months of fiscal 2010 was $2,642,000 compared to net income of $1,481,000 last year.
“The financial results of our operations during the third fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2009 are reflective of the difficult market environment. Low margins and a lighter production schedule resulting from the holidays were compounded by seasonally depressed sales volumes that characterized the period,” said Joseph Stegmayer, chairman, president and CEO.
He continued, “Wholesale and retail financing availability continues to be a key challenge for the factory built housing industry. However, our collaborations with wholesale lending companies have provided, and continue to supply, much needed inventory financing to the retailers of Cavco and Fleetwood brand homes. In addition, we are working alongside our industry peers to encourage favorable legislative action on behalf of the mortgage financing needs of potential homeowners. While some progress has been made in this area, such as increased loan limits for government backed home-only loans, a meaningful positive impact in the form of increased home orders at our factories has yet to be realized.
“We are pleased with the transition and integration of Fleetwood Homes and the exemplary efforts of the people comprising the combined company. As a newly expanded organization, we continue to aggressively pursue traditional and niche markets where our diverse product lines and custom building capabilities provide our company with a competitive advantage. These efforts, coupled with our national presence, have positioned us well to seek out and develop varied sales opportunities.”









				Filed Under: Breaking NewsTagged: Cavco Industries Inc., park models 
« Previous Page — Next Page »




 

VIDEO 1: TMC Highlights Worker Benefits









 

VIDEO 2: Sec. Zinke Promotes U.S. Parks



 

VIDEO 3: ROTV Visits Canvas Replacements


























































Copyright © 2017 RV Business · 
			Terms and Conditions  · 
			Privacy Policy















































Cavco Industries Inc - NASDAQ:CVCO - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Cavco Industries Inc (CVCO)
Follow




                                130.75
                            







                        NASDAQ : Industrial Goods
                    

Jul 26, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  130.75


Day Low/High

                                    0.00 /
                                    0.00


52 Wk Low/High

                                    88.65 /
                                    136.97
                                


Avg Volume 
40.50K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
9.02M


Market Cap
1.17B


EPS
4.20


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            31.21
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2017 Fourth Quarter And Year End Results











A Broad Stock Market Correction Would Unleash the Ugly Stick: Market Recon













Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


May 31, 2017 2:30 PM EDT









Cavco Industries Announces Closing Of Acquisition Of Lexington Homes


Apr 4, 2017 4:15 PM EDT









Cavco Industries Announces Planned Acquisition Of Lexington Homes


Mar 28, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2017 Third Quarter Results


Feb 6, 2017 4:05 PM EST









Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


Jan 31, 2017 1:00 PM EST













Cavco Industries (CVCO) Shares Cross Below 200 DMA
In trading on Monday, shares of Cavco Industries Inc crossed below their 200 day moving average of $96.01, changing hands as low as $95.10 per share. Cavco Industries Inc shares are currently trading down about 1.9% on the day.

Jan 9, 2017 11:55 AM EST













Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Results


Nov 8, 2016 4:05 PM EST













Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


Nov 3, 2016 4:30 PM EDT













Cavco Industries Enters Oversold Territory (CVCO)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Oct 19, 2016 12:01 PM EDT













Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2017 First Quarter Results


Aug 9, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


Aug 3, 2016 4:40 PM EDT













Don't Miss Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock: Cavco Industries (CVCO)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Cavco Industries (CVCO) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Jul 15, 2016 9:52 AM EDT













Oversold Conditions For Cavco Industries (CVCO)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jun 27, 2016 2:27 PM EDT













Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2016 Fourth Quarter And Year End Results


May 26, 2016 4:05 PM EDT













Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


May 25, 2016 12:17 PM EDT













Insider Trading Alert - CIEN, CVCO And HA Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include CIEN, CVCO and HA

Apr 19, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2016 Third Quarter Results


Jan 28, 2016 4:05 PM EST













Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


Jan 26, 2016 7:00 PM EST













RSI Alert: Cavco Industries (CVCO) Now Oversold
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jan 7, 2016 5:51 PM EST













Cavco Industries is Now Oversold (CVCO)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Dec 17, 2015 12:19 PM EST













Insider Trading Alert - BHB, OAK And CVCO Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include BHB, OAK and CVCO

Dec 2, 2015 10:15 AM EST













Insider Trading Alert - VMC, CVCO And ACW Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include VMC, CVCO and ACW

Nov 11, 2015 11:00 AM EST













A.M. Best Affirms Ratings Of Standard Casualty Company
A.M.

Nov 4, 2015 1:36 PM EST













Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock: Cavco Industries (CVCO)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Cavco Industries (CVCO) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Oct 30, 2015 9:52 AM EDT













Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2016 Second Quarter Results


Oct 29, 2015 4:05 PM EDT













Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


Oct 28, 2015 7:20 PM EDT













Cavco Industries Reports Fiscal 2016 First Quarter Results


Aug 5, 2015 4:48 PM EDT













Webcast Alert: Cavco Industries, Inc. Announces First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Webcast


Aug 5, 2015 2:37 AM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:00 PM EDT 7/26/2017


A
(Buy)






Get the (CVCO) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Cavco: Risk-Averse Housing Play

SeekingAlpha



Cavco beats by $0.17, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Monday’s close

SeekingAlpha



Homebuilders - To Buy Or Not To Buy?

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 4/4/17: G-III Apparel Group, Washington Prime Group, JPMorgan China Region Fund, Tiptree, Clough Global Opportunities Fund

SeekingAlpha



Cavco beats by $0.38, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Monday’s close

SeekingAlpha



Celeritas' Small Cap Picks: Opportunity With AV Homes

SeekingAlpha



Cavco beats by $0.11, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Cavco Industries reinitiated with a Neutral at Sidoti

The Fly



Trend, Acquisitions Helping Drew Industries

Investor's Business Daily



Cavco EPS in-line, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

SeekingAlpha



RV Trade Looks To Summer Nomad Season, Thor Industries Q3 Report

Investor's Business Daily



Thor, Jayco Trailers, Winnebago Turnaround Key To RV Story In 2016

Investor's Business Daily



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

A (Buy)



Get the (CVCO) Report Here 













 


















Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 




















Cavco Industries Inc And Installed Building Products Inc Head To Head Compare



















            news.cmlviz.com
        


menu



share





        
            News Home     
        


   
             Apple 
        


   
             Facebook 
        


   
             Tesla 
        


   
             Amazon 
        


   
             Google 
        


   
             Archive 
        


        
            Our Authors 
        


   
             Contact
        













 












Cavco Industries Inc (NASDAQ:CVCO) , Installed Building Products Inc (NYSE:IBP) , CVCO,  IBP, compare










Cavco Industries Inc versus Installed Building Products Inc Head to Head Compare
				Date Published:
					
						2017-03-31
					
This is a head to head compare of Cavco Industries Inc (NASDAQ:CVCO)  and Installed Building Products Inc (NYSE:IBP) . We will compare the two companies on revenue growth, earnings, revenue per employee, operating margins, free cash flow and valuation. The head to head compare assigns 100 points in total. 
				


				Before we dive into the analysis, we will look at the stock returns for each company over the last three months, six months and the last year. The stock returns do not impact the head to head compare scores which are focused on the fundamentals of each company, but ultimately stock returns are are still a critical piece to a full analysis and compare.





Stock Returns



Symbol
3-Months
6-Months
One-Year
Fundamentals


CVCO
+17.1%
+18.0%
+27.2%



IBP
+26.5%
+45.7%
+96.7%








 Installed Building Products Inc has a higher fundamental rating then Cavco Industries Inc which has an impact on the head-to-head comparison. The CML Star Rating is an objective, quantifiable measure of a company's operating and financial condition. 
		The rating is computed by measuring numerous elements of the company's current financial data and their associated changes over time.
		
		Now, let's dive into the two companies to compare them.






➤ Income Statement
First we turn to the income statement and compare revenue, earnings and revenue per employee for both companies. We note that simple revenue comparisons 
								do not impact the rating.
								
↪ Installed Building Products Inc has larger revenue in the last year than Cavco Industries Inc. 
						Raw revenue comps do not affect the head to head rating.Revenue↪  Both CVCO and IBP show positive earnings over the last year with the edge to IBP.Net Income↪ CVCO generates notably larger revenue per employee ($190,000) than IBP ($147,000).Revenue per Employee
			 ($ Millions)




➤ Margins
Next we create some derived metrics to compare the the amount of revenue earned per dollar of expense and the amount of free cash flow earned per dollar of revenue. Margins are one of the fairest ways to compare companies since they remove some of the bias of large versus small numbers.
								
↪ Installed Building Products Inc generates $1.10 in revenue for every $1 of expense, very similar to Cavco Industries Inc's $1.09.Revenue per Dollar of Expense↪ IBP generates $0.03 in levered free cash flow for every $1 of revenue, 
					very similar to CVCO's $0.03.Free Cash Flow
		per Dollar of Revenue




➤ Growth
Finally we compare the financial metrics related to growth: revenue growth rates and price to sales.
								
↪ Both companies are growing revenue. Installed Building Products Inc is growing revenue much faster than Cavco Industries Inc.Revenue Growth↪  For every $1 in revenue, the stock market prices in $1.38 in market cap for CVCO and $1.59 in market cap for IBP.Price to Sales



Installed Building Products Inc (NYSE:IBP)  defeats Cavco Industries Inc (NASDAQ:CVCO) : 74 to 26














x



Learn about options.
   Watch TradeMachine in action now.


 





Please read the legal disclaimers below.Legal The information contained on this site is provided for general informational purposes, as a convenience to the readers. The materials are not a substitute for obtaining professional advice from a qualified person, firm or corporation. Consult the appropriate professional advisor for more complete and current information. Capital Market Laboratories ("The Company") does not engage in rendering any legal or professional services by placing these general informational materials on this website.  The Company specifically disclaims any liability, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages arising out of or in any way connected with access to or use of the site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, including liability in connection with mistakes or omissions in, or delays in transmission of, information to or from the user, interruptions in telecommunications connections to the site or viruses.  The Company make no representations or warranties about the accuracy or completeness of the information contained on this website. Any links provided to other server sites are offered as a matter of convenience and in no way are meant to imply that The Company endorses, sponsors, promotes or is affiliated with the owners of or participants in those sites, or endorse any information contained on those sites, unless expressly stated.  
























 







 






Cavco Industries, Inc. | Government Contractor







 








 






  xautdveyddauwbvb






					Government Contracts				

					Federal Agencies				



				More 





 Search






							Government Contractors							×














 
















Menu


See All Government Contractors
OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesPlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








					Cavco Industries, Inc.				


OverviewContractsCategoriesProducts/ServicesMorePlace of PerformanceVendor Details 








Cavco Industries, Inc.



Overview




Contracts




Categories




Products/Services




Place of Performance




Vendor Details




References










 See all Government Contractors				

 Research Guide				




Share
















Cavco Industries, Inc. Government Contractor in Nampa, ID

 






dollars obligated (Latest year)$101,812 United States dollarslatest fiscal year2012total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$101,812 United States dollarsnumber of contracts (Since FY2007)1 

 

See all Contracts for this Company See all Government Contractors 












Advertisement


ShareOverviewSummaryCavco Industries, Inc. has worked on one contract worth $101,812 USD in obligations from the federal government since FY2007.The sole agency it has contracted with is the Department of the Interior.

Parent Vendor
Cavco Industries, Inc. in Phoenix, AZ


Principal Agencies
Department of the Interior


Principal Category (NAICS)
All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)


Designations
Small Business, For Profit Organization, Manufacturer of Goods, and Non-Tax Exempt Corporate Entity


Organization Type
Corporate Not Tax Exempt


Website
cavco.com 
Contact

Phone Number
(208) 466-2438


Fax Number
(208) 467-1616
Location
How does Cavco Industries, Inc. compare to other vendors?A comparison of the amount of contract awards obligated to Cavco Industries, Inc. since FY2007 with other vendors in its location.Awarded 175% more than average compared to  94 vendors in Zip Code 83687, ID.Awarded 211% more than average compared to  2,202 vendors in Idaho's 1st congressional district.Awarded 4.2 times more than average compared to  4,974 vendors in Idaho.Awarded 176% more than average compared to all  494,387 federal vendors.


Comparison

Vendor NameTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)ZipcodeIDIDColorCavco Industries, Inc.$101,812 USDZip Code 83687, IDZip Code 83687, ID Federal Contractors$36,984.50 USDIdaho's 1st congressional district Federal Contractors$32,705 USDIdaho Federal Contractors$24,449 USDAll Federal Contractors$36,884 USD




ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



See all vendors from Zip Code 83687, ID ›Congressional District



See all vendors from Idaho's 1st congressional district ›State



See all vendors from Idaho ›
Parent VendorCavco Industries, Inc. in Nampa, ID is a subsidiary company of Cavco Industries, Inc. in Phoenix, AZ. Explore the contracting profile of the parent company by visiting its linked page or navigating through the tabs below.Cavco Industries, Inc. in Phoenix, AZMainAwardsSubsidiariesAgenciesCategoriesMoreMain



























total dollars obligated (Since FY2007)$252,528 United States dollars




Location
Phoenix, AZ


Principal Agencies
Department of Homeland Security


Principal Category (NAICS)
Manufactured Home (Mobile Home) Manufacturing (321991)


Principal Product or Service (PSC)
Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)

Awards







* Dollars Obligated: The amount of money obligated towards a vendor by a federal agency or agencies to work on a contract.

* Base and All Options (Ceiling): The maximum amount that can be awarded to a contract as mutually agreed upon by the vendor and agency.SubsidiariesCompanies that are completely or partly owned by Cavco Industries, Inc..



AgenciesFederal agencies that have contracted with Cavco Industries, Inc. since FY2007.



Total Dollars ObligatedID252,5280



CategoriesWhen the government intends to acquire goods or services, it identifies the NAICS code that describes the principal purpose of that procurement. NAICS is production oriented (not product oriented) and categorizes businesses with others that have similar methods of production.







 





Advertisement


ShareContractsBy Year

Fiscal YearTotal Dollars ObligatedTotal Base & All Options (Ceiling)ID2012101,812101,812201300

Contract SearchContracts that Cavco Industries, Inc. signed from FY2007 onwards.Most Recent

ContractContract DescriptionProduct or Service (PSC)Signed DateCompletion DateAgencyDollars ObligatedPercent ObligatedIDVendor NameINF12PX03500Type: Purchase Order (6 months)HOUSING UNITS FABRICATED 2 EACH UNITS FOR OREGON COAST COMPLEX AND NESTUCCA BAYPrefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)9/18/123/31/13Department of the Interior$101,812 USD100% obligated

See all contracts for this vendor ›Related VendorsVendors with the same primary NAICS and PSC categorizations.

Title FieldTotal Dollars Obligated (Since FY2007)IDVendor NameTandemloc Inc. in Havelock, NC Contracts$11.9 million USDFire Training Structures in Phoenix, AZ Contracts$758,293 USDJag Mobile Solutions, Inc. in Howe, IN Contracts$122,918 USDGretch-Ken Industries, Inc. in Lakeview, OR Contracts$164,160 USD

Help us Improve!




Submit






Submit

 





Advertisement


ShareCategories ProcuredComparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorCavco Industries, Inc.$101,812 USDAll All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999) Vendors in Idaho$10,000 USDAll All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999) Vendors$11,807 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal NAICS category of Cavco Industries, Inc. is All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2012), Cavco Industries, Inc. was obligated a total of $101,812, an amount that was far higher than the average vendor from Idaho specializing in All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing and far higher than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this NAICS category.
Other All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing Vendors in Idaho

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateParma Irrigation Services Inc.Parma, ID$236,390 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Luggage (8460)2009Militec Defense Systems IncCottonwood, ID$45,000 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Fuses, Arresters, Absorbers and Protectors (5920)2007Committed CaseworksMeridian, ID$44,000 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Trailers (2330)2010Heppner Molds, Inc.Post Falls, ID$12,285 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Fastening Devices (5325)2013William YoungLemhi, ID$12,160 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Miscellaneous Ship and Marine Equipment (2090)2015Steel Design, LlcIdaho Falls, ID$10,000 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Construction of Non-Building Facilities (Y1PZ)2016Valley Fire Protection, LlcMccall, ID$5,422 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Fire Fighting Equipment (4210)2012Intermountain Weighing SystemsMiddleton, ID$5,218 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Electrical and Electronic Assemblies; Boards, Cards and Associated Hardware (5998)2014David SpencerIdaho Falls, ID$5,000 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Dairy, Poultry and Livestock Equipment (3730)2009Boise Electric Motor Company, LlcGarden City, ID$4,800 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Maintenance, Repair and Rebuilding of Equipment: Miscellaneous (J099)2013A-I Consolidated, Inc.Coeur D Alene, ID$3,090 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Headsets, Handsets, Microphones and Speakers (5965)2015Poole & Sons, Inc.Emmett, ID$1,123 USDAll Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999)Drums and Cans (8110)2007

See all All Other Miscellaneous Manufacturing (339999) Vendors in Idaho › 

 


InsideGov is a government research site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from government data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									xautdveyddauwbvb









ShareProducts/Services ProcuredComparison



Vendor NameDollars Obligated (Latest Year)IDIDColorCavco Industries, Inc.$101,812 USDAll Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410) Vendors in Idaho$16,193.50 USDAll Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410) Vendors$15,744.50 USD




Higher Than AverageThe principal Product or Service Code (PSC) of Cavco Industries, Inc. is Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410) as measured by the total amount obligated in contract awards to the vendor since FY2007.In its latest full year of contract work (FY2012), Cavco Industries, Inc. was obligated a total of $101,812, an amount that was 6.3 times more than the average vendor from Idaho specializing in Prefabricated and Portable Buildings and far higher than all vendors in the U.S. classified by this PSC.
Other Prefabricated and Portable Buildings Vendors in Idaho

Vendor NameLocationDollars Obligated (Latest Year)Principal Category (NAICS)Principal Product or Service (PSC)Latest Fiscal YearIDStateUs Modular Group, IncBoise, ID$454,564 USDPrefabricated Metal Building and Component Manufacturing (332311)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2016Universal Building ContractorsBlackfoot, ID$167,990 USDOther Concrete Product Manufacturing (327390)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2016Specialty Modular, Inc.Boise, ID$89,317 USDPrefabricated Wood Building Manufacturing (321992)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2014The Hamilton Company LLCMeridian, ID$18,850 USDPrefabricated Wood Building Manufacturing (321992)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2007Stone's, Inc.Nampa, ID$13,537 USDLumber, Plywood, Millwork, and Wood Panel Merchant Wholesalers (423310)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2012Kennedy's Plumbing, Inc.Priest Lake, ID$5,886 USDPlumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors (238220)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2008Williams Scotsman, Inc.Boise, ID$5,674 USDTruck, Utility Trailer, and RV (Recreational Vehicle) Rental and Leasing (532120)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2012Stor-Mor Systems, Inc.Meridian, ID$5,000 USDPrefabricated Wood Building Manufacturing (321992)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2012Kingdom First LlcMeridian, ID$3,500 USDOther Foundation, Structure, and Building Exterior Contractors (238190)Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410)2015

See all Prefabricated and Portable Buildings (5410) Vendors in Idaho › 





Advertisement


SharePlace of Performance
The location of the principal plant or place of business where Cavco Industries, Inc. in Nampa, ID has had their items produced, supplied from stock, or services performed since FY2007.


ZipCongressional DistrictStateMoreZip



Congressional District



State






ZipcodeZip Code 97365, ORCongressional DistrictOregon's 5th congressional districtStateOregon
 

 







ShareVendor DetailsVisit the full company profile of Cavco Industries, Inc.xautdveyddauwbvb. 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: USASpending.gov, Rob J Hyndman, D&B, and Localeze. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














cavco industries inc - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Cavco Manufactured Homes - Search Cavco Manufactured Homes



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Cavco Manufactured Homes



Search for Cavco Manufactured Homes With 100's of Results at SearchAll




Cavco Industries - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Cavco Industries



Now Cavco Industries Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Cavco Manufactured Homes - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Cavco Manufactured Homes



Search for Cavco Manufactured Homes. Find Cavco Manufactured Homes.




Cavco Manufactured Homes - Find the Top Results Here



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Cavco Manufactured Homes/​Fast



If You Want Cavco Manufactured Homes Find Them Here & Save Time and Money!





All That You Need



Business Companies



Financial News



All About Your Business
















Fleetwood Enterprises




company was broken up, with manufactured housing bought by Cavco Industries and RVs incorporated by a private equity firm into what became Allied Specialty Vehicles which has now formed

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC CVCO - AOL.com

https://www.aol.com/stock-quotes/nasdaq/cavco-industries-inc-cvco


View the basic CVCO stock information on AOL Finance and compare CAVCO-INDUSTRIES-INC against other companies


Will Cavco Industries Blow It Next Quarter? - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/06/21/will-cavco...


There's no foolproof way to know the future for Cavco Industries (NAS: CVCO) or any other company. However, certain clues may help you see potential ...


Show Me the Money, Cavco Industries - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/2013/01/12/show-me-the-money-cavco-industries


So how does the cash flow at Cavco Industries look? Take a peek at the chart below, which flags questionable cash flow sources with a red bar.


Here's Why Cavco Industries's Earnings Are Worse Than They ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/06/14/heres-why-cavco...


Like golf, the lower your score here, the better. The CCC figure for Cavco Industries for the trailing 12 months is 84.6. For younger, ...


1 Thing to Watch at Cavco Industries - AOL Finance

https://www.aol.com/2013/02/26/1-thing-to-watch-at-cavco-industries


So how does the cash flow at Cavco Industries look? Take a peek at the chart below, which flags questionable cash flow sources with a red bar.


What Cavco Industries' Earnings Headlines Didn't Tell You ...

https://www.aol.com/article/2012/06/08/what-cavco-industriess...


It takes money to make money. Most investors know that, but with business media so focused on the "how much," very few investors bother to ask, "How fast ...


Has Cavco Industries Made You Any Real Money? - aol.com

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/07/18/has-cavco...


Although business headlines still tout earnings numbers, many investors have moved past net earnings as a measure of a company's economic output. That's because ...


Why Cavco Industries' Earnings May Be Less Than Awesome

https://www.aol.com/2012/05/21/why-cavco-industries-earnings-may...


On a 12-month basis, the trend at Cavco Industries looks less than great. At 60.3 days, it is 7.7 days worse than the five-year average of 52.6 days.


This Metric Suggests You're Right to Own Cavco Industries ...

https://www.aol.com/2013/02/28/this-metric-suggests-youre-right-to...


This Metric Suggests You're Right to Own Cavco ... The article This Metric Suggests You're Right to Own Cavco Industries. originally appeared on ...


A Hidden Reason Cavco Industries's Future Looks Bright ...

https://www.aol.com/article/finance/2013/06/25/a-hidden-reason...


Here at The Motley Fool, I've long cautioned investors to keep a close eye on inventory levels. It's a part of my standard diligence when searching for the ...










Cavco Manufactured Homes - Search Cavco Manufactured Homes



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Cavco Manufactured Homes



Search for Cavco Manufactured Homes With 100's of Results at SearchAll




Cavco Industries - Results on Looksmart.com



Ad
 ·
www1.looksmart.com/​Cavco Industries



Now Cavco Industries Here. Get Great Results on Looksmart.com





Look Here



Good Results




More Info





Cavco Manufactured Homes - Search & Find Quick Results



Ad
 ·
search.excite.com/​Cavco Manufactured Homes



Search for Cavco Manufactured Homes. Find Cavco Manufactured Homes.




Cavco Manufactured Homes - Find the Top Results Here



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Cavco Manufactured Homes/​Fast



If You Want Cavco Manufactured Homes Find Them Here & Save Time and Money!





All That You Need



Business Companies



Financial News



All About Your Business




Searches related tocavco industries inc



cavco industries phoenix


cavco homes prices


cavco mobile home complaints


single wide manufactured homes



cavco investor relations


cavco park models


manufactured homes for sale in arizona


park model homes for sale




1234Next

Related Searches



cavco industries phoenix


cavco homes prices


cavco mobile home complaints


single wide manufactured homes


cavco investor relations


cavco park models


manufactured homes for sale in arizona


park model homes for sale




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








