







 CEN: Quote and summary for Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure
NYSE: CEN



US Markets Open In18 min










AdChoices








11.37


▼


-0.03
-0.26%



 : 






 July 26, 2017 4:02 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes. Currency In USD                
















Save














 Summary




 Analysis



















































Open
11.50


Previous Close
11.40


Vol (3-Month Avg.)
130.18k


Day's Range
11.37-11.50


52 week range
9.96-13.72


Net Assets
232.41M


Yield
0.00%


Category
Energy Limited Partnership


Morningstar Risk
Average







Profile






Name of Issuer


Center Coast Capital Advisors, LP




Expenses


2.06%







The Fund seeks a high level of total return with an emphasis on distributions to shareholders through investing in MLPs and energy infrastructure companies. Under normal market conditions, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its Managed Assets in securities of MLPs and energy infrastructure companies. The Fund may invest up to 20% of its Managed Assets in unregistered or restricted securities, including securities issued by private companies. The Fund may invest up to 10% of its Managed Assets in securities of issuers located outside of North America.





centercoastcap.com





Inception
9/26/2013














Recent News







Company Overview of Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
6 days ago






Closed-End Funds:Closing Table

                            
                            The Wall Street Journal
                        
7/17/2017






Closed-End Funds:Closing Table

                            
                            The Wall Street Journal
                        
7/13/2017





 
TPI Composites (TPIC) EPS Estimated At $0.15; Center Coast Mlp & Infrastructur (CEN) Sellers Increased By 17.98% Their Shorts

                            
                            the Bibey Post
                        
19 hrs ago






Center Coast MLP & Infrastructu (NYSE:CEN) Sees Light Trading Volume with 6,649 Shares Changing Hands

                            
                            fidaily.com
                        
2 days ago






Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund

                            
                            markets.ft.com
                        
5 days ago








CEN Dividend History & Description — Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund

                            
                            www.dividendchannel.com
                        
6 days ago






Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund

                            
                            markets.ft.com
                        
7/19/2017






iShares MSCI Belgium Capped ETF

                            
                            marketsinsider.com
                        
7/19/2017






Analysts See $0.54 EPS for ProAssurance (PRA); Seven Eight Capital Has Raised By $2.57 Million Its Ametek New (AME) Stake

                            
                            Thorold News
                        
7/18/2017






SOYBEANS Sep 2018/Jan 2019 Spread Spread

                            
                            quotes.ino.com
                        
7/17/2017






RBOB GASOLINE Apr 2018/May 2020 Spread Spread

                            
                            quotes.ino.com
                        
7/17/2017








Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund of Beneficial Interest - CEN (NYSE)

                            
                            www.motifinvesting.com
                        
7/16/2017






CEN Description — Center Coast MLP & Infrastructure Fund

                            
                            www.etfchannel.com
                        
7/16/2017






Company A-Z

                            
                            digitallook.com
                        
7/13/2017






Alder BioPharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ALDR) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.29

                            
                            hoyentv.com
                        
7/13/2017






Alfred Moran profiles

                            
                            clubrevit.com
                        
7/10/2017






High Dividend Financial Stocks

                            
                            www.motifinvesting.com
                        
7/4/2017
























AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,711.01


+97.58
+0.45%













Last updated time
7/27/2017 9:09 AM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▲

6,422.75




+10.57
+0.16%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,437.42




-14.90
-0.20%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,964.91




-0.81
-0.01%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 





CEN Biotech, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 9:11 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of CEN Biotech, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
CEN Biotech, Inc., an early stage biopharmaceutical company, intends to grow, sell, process, and deliver pharmaceutical grade medical marijuana in various drug delivery mechanisms. It also focuses on developing industrial hemp and LED lighting products. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in Lakeshore, Canada.


20 North Rear RoadLakeshore, ON N0R lK0CanadaFounded in 20131 Employees



Phone: 226-344-0660

www.cenbiotechinc.com







Key Executives for CEN Biotech, Inc.




Mr. Joseph Byrne


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Bahige Chaaban


      	Chairman & President
      


Age: 45
        







Mr. Richard Boswell


      	Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Brian Payne


      	Secretary, Vice President and Director
      


Age: 49
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

CEN Biotech, Inc. Key Developments

Cen Biotech, Inc. Announces Executive Changes
Jul 18 17
CEN Biotech, Inc. announced the resignation of Bahige (Bill) Chaaban as chief executive officer of the company. Mr. Chaaban will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board and as President of the company. The Board elected Joseph Byrne to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the company. In addition, the Board elected Richard Boswell to serve as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the company and Brian Payne to serve as Secretary and Vice President of the company. The Board elected the following individuals to serve as directors on the Board: Donald Strilchuck, Joseph Byrne, Brian Payne, Harold Aubrey De Lavenu, Alex Tarrabain, Ameen Ferris, Richard Boswell. Previously, Mr. Chaaban served as the chief executive officer of CEN Biotech from the company's inception in August 2013 until July, 2017. Prior to being a security advisor to CEN Biotech Mr. Strilchuck was retired from the Windsor Police Department after 32 years, March 2012. Donald W. Strilchuck is a member of Board since July 2017. Mr. Strilchuck has also been a security advisor to CEN Biotech since its inception in August 2013. Joseph Byrne is Chief Executive Officer and member of Board since July 2017. Since 2000, Mr. Byrne has been the owner Hickey Byrne Law Firm and he will continue to oversee the practice. Brian Payne is Vice President and a member of Board since July 2017. Mr. Payne also worked for the company since July 2015 as marketing consultant. Harold Aubrey De Lavenu is a member of Board since July 2017. Mr. Aubrey De Lavenu is a successful businessman with military background, currently based in the South of Portugal. Mr. De Lavenu has been the director of his company, Hammers 'n' Blades, since September, 2002. Alex Tarrabain is a member of Board since July 2017. Between 1981 and 1985, Mr. Tarrabain served as a Youth/Childcare Counsellor for the Government of Alberta. Ameen Ferris is a member of Board since July 2017. Mr. Ferris is a successful entrepreneur who has founded numerous retail/wholesale companies, and brands. Richard Boswell is Chief Financial Officer and a member of Board since July 2017.


CEN Biotech, Inc. announced delayed 10-Q filing
May 15 17
On 05/15/2017, CEN Biotech, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


CEN Biotech, Inc. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 31 17
On 03/31/2017, CEN Biotech, Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1127466 B.C. Ltd. Americas 4everPets Ltd. Americas 9037136 Canada Inc. Americas AAA Heidelberg Inc. Americas Ab Biotech Inc. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      April 12, 2017
			    
Incumaker, Inc.



Merger/Acquisition

			      September 13, 2016
			    
Tesla Digital, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact CEN Biotech, Inc., please visit www.cenbiotechinc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































CEN Biotech, Inc. Leases Property for Medical Marijuana Product and Sales



















































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed
























QuoteChartLevel 2TradesNewsFinancialsHistoricalMessage BoardCreative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (USOTC)




CEN Biotech, Inc. Leases Property for Medical Marijuana Product and Sales


Date : 11/19/2013 @ 12:00AM


Source : Access Wire


Stock : Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (FITX)


Quote :  0.0005  0.0 (0.00%) @ 2:15AM


 








CEN Biotech, Inc. Leases Property for Medical Marijuana Product and SalesTweet


Print



MADISON HEIGHTS, MI, November 19, 2013 - CEN Biotech, Inc. a subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: FITX), a nutritional supplement company focusing on active lifestyles announced today it has leased a six acre site with buildings in the Town of Lakeshore, Ontario, Canada.  There is a 26,400 square foot (240’x110’) steel barn and a 2,000 sq. ft. building located on the property.  CEN Biotech, Inc.'s purpose of incorporation is to produce and sell medicinal marijuana in jurisdictions where it is allowed by law.  
This site is unique as it is conveniently located next to the Ontario Provincial Police, County of Essex detachment.  
Bill Chaaban, CEO stated "As a nutrition company, our primary purpose in business is to promote the health and welfare of our customers. We have been actively seeking projects to add to our corporate portfolio that will make an impact on the everyday lives of our current and future customers. It is our corporate directive to acquire and develop projects that will accomplish this goal while leading to shareholder value."  
Look for more exciting developments to come out of Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. as we continue with this forward momentum.
Like us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/CenergyNutrition 
About Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc.
Creative Edge Nutrition is a holding company and a Nutritional Supplement Company focused on developing innovative, high quality supplements. The company offers a broad spectrum of capsules, tablets, and powders, as well as science based products in the principal categories of weight management, nutrition challenges, energy and fitness. The Company manufactures under strict GMP guidelines at GMP Certified and/or FDA registered facilities. http://www.cenergynutrition.com/ and https://www.facebook.com/CenergyNutrition.
About http://www.supplementstogo.com/ Supplementstogo.com is one of the leading online retailers in the market today for discount supplements! Always focusing on the hottest products and what provides the best results for their customers, Supplements To Go has made a great name for themselves in the world of nutrition. To find out more about SupplementsToGo.com, please view the site http://www.supplementstogo.com/.
About http://www.hempnorthamerica.com/ Hemp North America.com will provide premium grade Hemp Protein supplements to those looking for a natural and lactose free product. Consumers can count on us for bringing the latest scientific findings in the supplement world to market. Also all our products can be found for sale and purchase on all the sites we own  http://www.hempnorthamerica.com/  http://www.supplementstogo.com/,  http://www.worldclassnutrition.com/, http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/.
About http://www.chianorthamerica.com/ We will have the best value at the best price; The products which will be manufactured in state-of-the-art facilities GMP Certified and FDA Compliant , and packaged and stored in conditions of the highest standard. A few of our goals are to educate the public with current, science-based information, and provide the highest quality natural products.  http://www.chianorthamerica.com/ will strive to become the site and brand of choice for health-conscious consumers. Also all our products will be able to be found for sale and purchase on all the sites we own  http://www.chianorthamerica.com/  http://www.supplementstogo.com/,  http://www.worldclassnutrition.com/, http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/. 
About http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/ A-Z-Nutrition.com is one of the best known e-tailers of discount nutritional supplements. Providing its customers over a decade of quality products at the best prices around, A-Z-Nutrition supports its customers with a portal that is easy to use and to the point. To find out more about them, please view their site http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/.
About http://www.worldclassnutrition.com/ World Class Nutrition - Founded in 1999, early in the internet age of web based super stores, World Class Nutrition is a successful nutritional supplement/fitness equipment retailer due to providing their loyal customers top level support and great prices on their favorite supplement brands. 
Safe Harbor Notice This press release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements relating to financial results and plans for future development activities, and are thus prospective. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's ability to control. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business and finances in general, including the ability to continue and manage its growth, competition, global economic conditions and other factors discussed in detail in the Company's periodic filings with the Security and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 
 
Contact: Jeff Thomas (313) 655-1669 Email: Info@cenergynutrition.com





Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (USOTC:FITX)Historical Stock Chart
1 Year : From Jul 2016 to Jul 2017


Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (USOTC:FITX)Intraday Stock Chart
Today : Thursday 27 July 2017





 








Latest FITX Messages




 View More Posts
 Remove From Favorites
 Add to Favorites















{{bbMessage.M_Alias}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Date}}
{{bbMessage.HowLongAgo}}
{{bbMessage.MSG_ID}}

{{bbMessage.MSG_Subject}}






















												Share on Facebook
											


												 Share on Twitter
											

 
												 Share on Email
											












Loading Messages....







No posts yet, be the first!
No {{symbol}} Message Board. Create One!
See More Posts on {{symbol}} Message Board

See More Message Board Posts










 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
  



NYSE, AMEX, and ASX quotes are delayed by at least 20 minutes.All other quotes are delayed by at least 15 minutes unless otherwise stated.		








CEN Biotech, Inc. Leases Property for Medical Marijuana Product and SalesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 19 mins.S&P Futures2,478.75+5.50 (+0.22%)Dow Futures21,677.00+31.00 (+0.14%)Nasdaq Futures5,990.50+42.50 (+0.71%)CEN Biotech, Inc. Leases Property for Medical Marijuana Product and SalesAccesswireNovember 19, 2013ReblogShareTweetShareMADISON HEIGHTS, MI, November 19, 2013 - CEN Biotech, Inc. a subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (FITX), a nutritional supplement company focusing on active lifestyles announced today it has leased a six acre site with buildings in the Town of Lakeshore, Ontario, Canada. There is a 26,400 square foot (240’x110’) steel barn and a 2,000 sq. ft. building located on the property. CEN Biotech, Inc.'s purpose of incorporation is to produce and sell medicinal marijuana in jurisdictions where it is allowed by law.This site is unique as it is conveniently located next to the Ontario Provincial Police, County of Essex detachment.Bill Chaaban, CEO stated "As a nutrition company, our primary purpose in business is to promote the health and welfare of our customers. We have been actively seeking projects to add to our corporate portfolio that will make an impact on the everyday lives of our current and future customers. It is our corporate directive to acquire and develop projects that will accomplish this goal while leading to shareholder value."Look for more exciting developments to come out of Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. as we continue with this forward momentum.Like us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/CenergyNutritionAbout Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc.Creative Edge Nutrition is a holding company and a Nutritional Supplement Company focused on developing innovative, high quality supplements. The company offers a broad spectrum of capsules, tablets, and powders, as well as science based products in the principal categories of weight management, nutrition challenges, energy and fitness. The Company manufactures under strict GMP guidelines at GMP Certified and/or FDA registered facilities. http://www.cenergynutrition.com/ and https://www.facebook.com/CenergyNutrition.About http://www.supplementstogo.com/ Supplementstogo.com is one of the leading online retailers in the market today for discount supplements! Always focusing on the hottest products and what provides the best results for their customers, Supplements To Go has made a great name for themselves in the world of nutrition. To find out more about SupplementsToGo.com, please view the site http://www.supplementstogo.com/.About http://www.hempnorthamerica.com/ Hemp North America.com will provide premium grade Hemp Protein supplements to those looking for a natural and lactose free product. Consumers can count on us for bringing the latest scientific findings in the supplement world to market. Also all our products can be found for sale and purchase on all the sites we own http://www.hempnorthamerica.com/ http://www.supplementstogo.com/, http://www.worldclassnutrition.com/, http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/.About http://www.chianorthamerica.com/ We will have the best value at the best price; The products which will be manufactured in state-of-the-art facilities GMP Certified and FDA Compliant , and packaged and stored in conditions of the highest standard. A few of our goals are to educate the public with current, science-based information, and provide the highest quality natural products. http://www.chianorthamerica.com/ will strive to become the site and brand of choice for health-conscious consumers. Also all our products will be able to be found for sale and purchase on all the sites we own http://www.chianorthamerica.com/ http://www.supplementstogo.com/, http://www.worldclassnutrition.com/, http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/.About http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/ A-Z-Nutrition.com is one of the best known e-tailers of discount nutritional supplements. Providing its customers over a decade of quality products at the best prices around, A-Z-Nutrition supports its customers with a portal that is easy to use and to the point. To find out more about them, please view their site http://www.a-z-nutrition.com/.About http://www.worldclassnutrition.com/ World Class Nutrition - Founded in 1999, early in the internet age of web based super stores, World Class Nutrition is a successful nutritional supplement/fitness equipment retailer due to providing their loyal customers top level support and great prices on their favorite supplement brands.Safe Harbor Notice This press release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements relating to financial results and plans for future development activities, and are thus prospective. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's ability to control. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business and finances in general, including the ability to continue and manage its growth, competition, global economic conditions and other factors discussed in detail in the Company's periodic filings with the Security and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.Read MoreContact: Jeff Thomas (313) 655-1669 Email: Info@cenergynutrition.comReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderThe Travel Card That Is Breaking thWise BreadSponsoredShark Tank's Daymond John: Retailers must 'over-provide' for the customerYahoo FinanceAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressThe Mediterranean Diet Might Be the Secret to Living Longer — and BetterYahoo BeautyDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance Video7 insights from looking at 10 million expense reportsYahoo FinanceWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderThe Healthy (& Cheap) Buys from Trader Joe’s To Add To Your Grocery ListRefinery29Women Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoAmazon: the benevolent dictatorYahoo FinanceDan Rather: Donald Trump’s Boy Scout Jamboree Speech “Disgusting”Zee: Trump supporters don't see it and don't want to admit it. That Trump really Failed them.Join the Conversation1 / 5319








CEN Biotech Inc. Shareholder UpdateHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 19 mins.S&P Futures2,478.75+5.50 (+0.22%)Dow Futures21,677.00+31.00 (+0.14%)Nasdaq Futures5,990.50+42.50 (+0.71%)CEN Biotech Inc. Shareholder UpdateMarketwiredFebruary 19, 2015ReblogShareTweetShareBEVERLY HILLS, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 19, 2015) - Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (  OTC PINK :  FITX ), a nutritional supplement company focusing on active lifestyles, is pleased to announce it has been asked to provide additional information to Health Canada in support of its application to operate under the federal government's Medical Marijuana Purposes Regulations (MMPR).The company is cooperating with Health Canada, as it has throughout the lengthy and rigorous application process. CEN Biotech Inc. is a Canadian company and Health Canada is on record as saying it does not divulge details about applications made under the MMPR, which is in keeping with Canada's Privacy Act.In this case however, key information contained in Health Canada's written communication was passed to the media. CEN Biotech Inc. has contacted the Office of the Privacy Commissioner to ensure the corporation, staff, shareholders, and others within the MMPR continue to be protected under Federal Law.Health Canada has both a right and an obligation to ask any and all questions of any applicant in this program. CEN Biotech Inc. has cooperated fully with all of Health Canada's requirements to date and will continue to do so. It is making every effort to answer any and all questions to Health Canada's satisfaction. In the interests of transparency and accountability the company will share what information it can with news media, shareholders, stakeholders and the public in general.CEN Biotech Inc. looks forward to working with Health Canada and their officials to their complete satisfaction. The company hopes it can move forward to obtaining a license. This will help provide a much needed therapeutic drug, as mandated by the Supreme Court of Canada.Press release inquiries:  Contact: Email: ir@Cenergynutrition.comAbout Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. is a holding company and a Nutritional Supplement Company focused on developing innovative, high quality supplements and energy drinks. The company offers a broad spectrum of capsules, tablets, and powders, as well as science based products in the principal categories of weight management, nutrition challenges, energy and fitness. The Company manufactures under strict GMP guidelines at GMP Certified and/or FDA registered facilities. www.CenergyNutrition.comThe company is in the process of working with a PCAOB auditor for the spinout of CEN Biotech, Inc. Please visit the link below for CEN Biotech, Inc. videos. http://www.cenbiotechinc.com/PlatformApps/CEN/c1/index.htmlCompany DisclaimerAs a "penny stock" Company, within the meaning of federal and state securities law, Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. may not avail itself of the Safe Harbor provisions as identified in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. However, Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. provides the following disclaimer and warning to protect our shareholders, prospective investors and the public at large by alerting them to the risks and uncertainties involved with any investment, and the need to perform their own due diligence and assessment.This press release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements relating to financial results and plans for future development activities, and are thus prospective. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers.Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's ability to control. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with the Company's business and finances in general, including the ability to continue and manage its growth, competition, global economic conditions and other factors discussed in detail in the Company's periodic filings with the Security and Exchange Commission.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) Stock Soars After Strong Earnings BeatInvestorPlaceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredKristin Beck, transgender Navy SEAL hero: 'Let's meet face to face and you tell me I'm not worthy'Business InsiderShark Tank's Daymond John: Retailers must 'over-provide' for the customerYahoo FinanceAP Exclusive: Boy Scouts chief expected a fiery Trump speechAssociated PressDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredAmazon’s Echo rivaled by Xiaomi and Facebook: rptYahoo Finance Video7 insights from looking at 10 million expense reportsYahoo FinanceWhy everybody should be happy that Flash is finally dyingYahoo FinanceAre You Still Interested in a Travel Rewards Card?Wise BreadSponsoredHighest ranking retired transgender officer slams new plan: I think Trump is ‘being influenced by Pence’Business InsiderPhil Mickelson trash-talked Jordan Spieth at the Open Championship — and Phil is going to have to eat his wordsBusiness InsiderTrump forges ahead to tax reformYahoo Finance VideoWomen Everywhere Should Carry This Tiny DeviceSiren SongSponsoredAmazon: the benevolent dictatorYahoo FinanceTrump’s big Foxconn announcement will bring jobs — and robotsYahoo FinanceDan Rather: Donald Trump’s Boy Scout Jamboree Speech “Disgusting”Zee: Trump supporters don't see it and don't want to admit it. That Trump really Failed them.Join the Conversation1 / 5319















CEN Biotech Inc. (FITX) Clarification on Ownership of Cannabis Production Facility - CannabisFN























 



























 



































Home
News
Policy
Featured Companies
Thought Leaders
Conferences
Industry Reports
Contact
 Become A Featured Company







CEN Biotech Inc. (FITX) Clarification on Ownership of Cannabis Production Facility











Tweet








                        Ryan Allway                        


 February 3rd, 2014


 News



Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (FITX), in a previous press release announced a collaborative deal in the operation of its future medical marijuana facility in Lakeshore, Ontario Canada. 8k filings with the SEC through our collaborative partner have led to confusion in the ownership held by Creative Edge Nutrition Inc.
This is to clear up any confusion. Creative Edge Nutrition Inc. owns 75% (Seventy-Five Percent) of Cen Biotech, Inc.
The structure of the CEN Biotech Inc. ownership was done with the best interest of shareholders and the company in mind. The percentages held by Wise Phoenix LLC, AJOA Holdings LLC and the “key Players” are held in trust on behalf of Creative Edge Nutrition. This structured ownership was for a multitude of reasons; most importantly, to prevent a Hostile takeover and protect what is the company’s most valuable asset. It also prevents control from being in the hands of one individual or party.
Outside parties have attempted to acquire the land the company has leased from the owner. He has received offers in excess of $25 million dollars for 10.3 acres in an attempt to obtain the site. In the past months, numerous hedge funds, investments banks and large corporations have attempted to acquire up to 80% of the facility in exchange for capital. Bill Chabaan, President, is adamant: “We have stayed vigilant in our focus and will institute any and all preventative measures to protect our interests.”
Bill Chabaan reassures shareholders, “There have been many offers of financing but it was important to bring on a collaborative partner who understands our market and will contribute to our operations. As always, my team and I, act ONLY in the best interest of our shareholders.”
About CEN Biotech
CEN Biotech, Inc. was established in 2013 as a partially owned subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition (OTC Pink: FITX) for the sole purpose of supplying the Canadian public with pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis under the newly established Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (MMPR) CEN Biotech Inc. has submitted a comprehensive application to become a licensed producer (LP) of dried marihuana for medicinal purposes and has received a ready-to-build approval from Health Canada.
Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
This release contains “forward-looking statements” that include information relating to future events and future financial and operating performance. The words “may,” “would,” “will,” “expect,” “estimate,” “can,” “believe,” “potential” and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which that performance or those results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time they are made and/or management’s good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause these differences include, but are not limited to: fluctuations in demand for Creative Edge Nutrition’s products, the introduction of new products, the Company’s ability to maintain customer and strategic business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of the Company’s liquidity and financial strength to support its growth, and other information that may be detailed from time-to-time in Creative Edge Nutrition’s filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Examples of such forward-looking statements in this release include statements regarding future sales, costs and market acceptance of products as well as regulatory actions at the State or Federal level. For a more detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting Creative Edge Nutrition Inc. please refer to the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, which are available at http://www.sec.gov/. Creative Edge Nutrition Inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Contact: Jeff Thomas (313) 655-1669 Email: Info@cenergynutrition.com
Source: Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc.



 

About Ryan Allway
							Mr. Allway has over a decade of experience in the financial markets as both a private investor and financial journalist.						






Search CannabisFN




Press Coverage

Marijuana Index


 Visit the Marijuana Index




 Discover Cannabis Investments


Sign-up for our free cannabis investment newsletter to discover the latest opportunities in the space.



Name



E-Mail Address













Visit the CFN Video Library




Join Our Facebook Page


Top Videos





Scott Jordan, Director of Business Development for Dynamic Alternative Finance 
Scott Jordan is Director of Business Development for Dynamic Alternative Finance. He has arranged over $12.5 million in loans and equipment leases for the cannabis industry and other businesses this past year.







Michael Hesser, President of Praxi Group 
In this CFN interview with Michael Hesser, President of the Praxi Group we discuss Verivus, a new division of the Praxi Group focusing on custom market research, data, branding, and product development for the evolving cannabis industry. 







Emerald Health Therapeutics Inc. 
Emerald Health Therapeutics Inc. is a Licensed Producer under the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (the “ACMPR”), authorized to cultivate and sell both dried medical cannabis flower and medical cannabis oils in Canada. Emerald currently operates out of an indoor facility in Victoria, British Columbia, with plans for a purpose built hybrid greenhouse […]







Indoor Harvest Corp. 
Indoor Harvest Corp. operates as the design-build engineering firm for the indoor and vertical farming industry in the United States. The company engages in design-build contracting, developing, marketing, and selling commercial grade aeroponic and hydroponic fixtures, and supporting mechanical systems under the Indoor Harvest brand for use in urban controlled environment agriculture and building integrated […]









Network Partners



Follow Us on Social Media
FacebookLinkedInTwitter 

About CFN Media

                CFN Media (CannabisFN) is the leading creative agency and media network dedicated to legal cannabis. We help marijuana businesses attract investors, customers (B2B, B2C), capital, and media visibility. Private and public marijuana companies and brands in the US and Canada rely on CFN Media to grow and succeed.
CFN launched in June of 2013 to initially serve the growing universe of publicly traded marijuana companies across North America. Today, CFN Media is also the digital media choice for the emerging brands in the space.
                
Learn How Your Company can Be Covered on CFN Media
Learn More About the CFN Media Sponsored Content Program




Disclaimer: Except for the historical information presented herein, matters discussed in this article contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Emerging Growth LLC dba TDM Financial, which owns CannabisFN, is not registered with any financial or securities regulatory authority, and does not provide nor claims to provide investment advice or recommendations to readers of this release. Emerging Growth LLC dba TDM Financial, which owns CannabisFN, may from time to time have a position in the securities mentioned herein and will increase or decrease such positions without notice. For making specific investment decisions, readers should seek their own advice and that of their own professional advisers. Emerging Growth LLC dba TDM Financial, which owns CannabisFN, may be compensated for its Services in the form of cash-based and/or equity- based compensation in the companies it writes about, or a combination of the two. For full disclosure please visit: http://www.cannabisfn.com/legal-disclaimer/.
Copyright © TDM Financial LLC · All Rights Reserved · Privacy Policy · Legal Disclaimer



 




































	CEN Biotech, Inc. | Cannabis Production	



























 




























































































































 








Previous Next 

CEN Biotech, Inc. (FITX) Holds Open House for World’s Largest and Most Advanced Legal Cannabis Production Facility


MADISON HEIGHTS, MI, /ACCESSWIRE – February 24, 2014 – Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (PINKSHEETS: FITX), and its subsidiary held an open house on February 21 and 22, 2014. A video of the second day of this event can be found at
https://vimeo.com/87444262
 
Photos of CEN Biotech Facilities
 
 
An audio recording from the first day can be found at
 
http://youtu.be/MYFcFMDoFsg
 
Bill Chaaban, President & CEO stated “we had a tremendous turnout both days and filled the venue. We shared our vision with shareholders and prospective shareholders. Shareholders flew in from New York, Colorado, New Mexico, Quebec City, Utah, Wisconsin, Alberta, and from other provinces and states from across North America. It was an amazing experience to meet so many shareholders and share our excitement and our vision. We look forward to conducting many more open houses in the future.”
 
Like us on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/CenergyNutrition
 
www.CenergyNutrition.com and https://www.facebook.com/CenergyNutrition
About CEN Biotech
CEN Biotech, Inc. was established in 2013 as a partially owned subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition (OTC Pink: FITX) for the sole purpose of supplying the Canadian public with pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis under the newly established Marihuana for Medical Purposes Regulations (MMPR) CEN Biotech Inc. has submitted a comprehensive application to become a licensed producer (LP) of dried marihuana for medicinal purposes and has received a ready-to-build approval from Health Canada.
About Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc.
Creative Edge Nutrition is a holding company and a Nutritional Supplement Company focused on developing innovative, high quality supplements. The company offers a broad spectrum of capsules, tablets, and powders, as well as science based products in the principal categories of weight management, nutrition challenges, energy and fitness. The Company manufactures under strict GMP guidelines at GMP Certified and/or FDA registered facilities. www.CenergyNutrition.com and https://www.facebook.com/CenergyNutrition
Safe Harbor Notice This press release may contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such as statements relating to financial results and plans for future development activities, and are thus prospective. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not statements of historical fact regarding intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company’s ability to control. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements are risks and uncertainties associated with the Company’s business and finances in general, including the ability to continue and manage its growth, competition, global economic conditions and other factors discussed in detail in the Company’s periodic filings with the Security and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements.
Contact: Jeff Thomas (313) 655-1669 Email: [email protected]
 

 
Source: Accesswire (February 24, 2014 – 7:44 AM EST)News by QuoteMedia
www.quotemedia.com

Share it... 
By |2015-04-17T02:28:22+00:00February 24th, 2014|MMJ Finance|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!


About the Author: 


 







Leave A Comment Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 


















































	Cen Biotech Inc. (fka CENBF) Message Board - InvestorsHub























































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed

























































Home
            >
            Boards
            >
            US OTC
            >
            Delisted
            >
            
Cen Biotech Inc. (fka CENBF)



Add  Price Alert  
              
            Hide Sticky  
            Hide Intro










Moderator:
swingingRichard




Search This Board: 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003+






Created: 8/31/2016 4:19:03 PM - 
                Followers:
                38
                - Board type:
                Free
                - Posts Today: 
                    0







   Board info Coming soon! Federal laws and judicial doctrines have allowed a comprehensive approach in legal arbitration. Courts must be able to award judgment based on the merits of the law, and not by underlying opinions and dynamic political environments. CEN Biotech's fully constructed marijuana facility has been fully compliant with security measures mandated by Health Canada as well as Lakeshore's own municipal regulations. Yet Tom Bain, the Mayor of Lakeshore radically changed his tone after the completion of the facility. During this time, many Lakeshore legal arbitrators had closed door meetings regarding CEN Biotech's marijuana facility. These discussions have seemingly perpetuated corruption and various violations of municipality laws and regulations. Lakeshore suddenly asked Health Canada to delay license approval for CEN Biotech, in hopes of amending their marijuana municipal zoning regulations from agricultural to industrial, causing CEN Biotech's facility to be in violation of zoning bylaws. Many established lawyers have determined this illegal change in zoning regulations strictly violates acquired doctrine rights of the land and that CEN Biotech had clearly established legal precedent in constructing the facility long before zoning was a concern. In other words, one cannot retrospectively change bylaws to suit new underlying agendas. This is illegal and will not hold much credence in the court of law. Common law doctrines provide non-statutory avenues to prevent Health Canada and Lakeshore's underlying agenda from becoming legally binding. A type of doctrine that CEN Biotech may indeed utilize against Health Canada is the "manifest-disregard doctrine," which is similar to the judicial review that CEN Biotech has initiated. US LEGAL.COM explains: An arbitrator acts with manifest disregard if (1) the applicable legal principle is clearly defined and not subject to reasonable debate; and (2) the arbitrators refused to heed that legal principle. It is a non-statutory ground for vacatur. Though this is under United States court law, Canada's judicial review follows the "manifest disregard" terms and regulations. To this end, CEN Biotech has publicly revealed many violations of Health Canada's own rules and regulations regarding MMPR applicants, and the implications are striking. On May 3, 2015, CEN Biotech released important email correspondence with Health Canada that document in detail the time sensitive propogation of CEN Biotech's MMPR application. Bill Chaaban explains: "April 9, 2014 Health Canada surprises CEN and tells them they have to pass security clearance stage before the inspection is scheduled. They also advise it could take months. This was the first CEN heard of this requirement." On April 29th, 2014, Health Canada explains to Bill Chaaban: (click to enlarge) Consequently, once security clearance has been successfully granted, a pre-license inspection would be obtained. It is also important to note that Health Canada asked CEN Biotech to accelerate their build out of the marijuana facility almost 8 months before their pre-license inspection, and yet deliberately took months to process their application. On May 12th 2014, Bill Chaaban explains to Todd Cain, Executive Director of Market Development for HC: (click to enlarge) Bill Chaaban and Health Canada's executive director of market development conversed extensively to implement a systematic approach to successfully obtain MMPR licensure. Both parties have seemingly agreed to adhere to the rules and regulations established by Health Canada's own council. It is perplexing for investors to notice that almost a month after Todd Cain's letter, and Health Canada's request for CEN Biotech to accelerate their build out, that they finally received approval from Health Canada's security council to obtain pre-license inspection. On June 5th 2014, Health Canada explains to Bill Chaaban: (click to enlarge) Almost two months later, CEN Biotech alas obtained their pre-license inspection on July 30th 2014. In this regard, it is feasible to conclude that all security clearance and inspections were successfully completed and, accordingly a license would be imminent within 2-weeks after successful inspection of the facility. In an affidavit filed by the government in Allard et al. v. Her Majesty, Health Canada employee Todd Cain explained: "Other significant elements of Health Canada's strategy for providing for reasonable access to a quality supply of dried marijuana for medical purposes included providing applicants with "Ready to Build" letters upon the completion of the paper review process, upon request. These letters advise applicants that if they complete their site build as described in their application, if the site is verified by a pre-license inspection, and if security clearances are granted, the applicant's license may be issued." Below are the common fundamental steps MMPR applicants undergo to obtain ready to build letters. Please note that security clearances are issued in step 3, subsequently a ready to build letter would be issued in Step 5. Hence, it is indeed peculiar for Health Canada to ask CEN Biotech for another security clearance on April 2014, long after they were issued a ready to build letter on November 2013.  It is interesting to note that Health Canada swiftly ended their "Ready to Build Letters" process weeks ago, attesting to yet another example of how elusive and corrupt their MMPR program has become. More on this can be found here: No more ready to build letters. Yet months of orchestrated attack from various media outlets, particularly Grant Robertson's bizarre publications to tarnish CEN Biotech's reputation caused a political debacle unprecedented in the marijuana investment industry. Opponents and proponents of CEN Biotech were fueled to prove their own theories and ideas. Health Canada began speculating under false pretenses that the very company they asked to accelerate their marijuana build out, would be ironically rejected with no valid basis of action. This is illegal and an injustice to not only CEN Biotech, but many MMPR applicants today. CEN Biotech explains: "The Minister failed to observe procedural fairness and the principles of natural justice in making her decision by failing to consider that her delegates represented to the Applicant, and the Applicant acted on the representations, that a license would be granted upon completion of the expedited build out and the completion of the pre-license inspection." Health Canada must be held accountable for their careless and gross negligence in this program, and are seemingly under heavy scrutiny by the judicial system of Canada. More on this can be found on mmj.today. Light at the end of the tunnel Yet investors of CEN Biotech have remained hopeful in the chaos from within. Investors have been keen to notice a similar case of corruption by Medical Marijuana of Massachusetts, [MMM] a MJ company that was improperly denied license in 2014. MMM is now a licensed producer, more on this interesting case can be found here. Important highlights of the MMM case in relation to CEN Biotech's case can be found on the table below:     MMM "Manifest Disregard" (Judicial Review)   CEN Biotech Judicial Review     MMM appears to argue that an agency's failure [government] to abide by it's own regulatory processes in itself requires that the agency's decision be vacated.   CEN Biotech has indeed been a victim of a similar pattern of corruption, in which Health Canada has failed to abide by its own rules and regulatory processes and thus should not be rejected for MMPR licensure     if the agency [government] has acted for reasons that are extraneous to the prescriptions of the regulatory scheme, BUT are related, rather to an adhoc agenda, then that agency has acted arbitrarily because the basis for action is not uniform, in follow, is not predictable   Health Canada has acted it's decision on the merits of nothing more than corrupt media outlets, orchestrating an agenda to ruin CEN Biotech's reputation.     the court agreed that the Board [Government] has 'failed' to follow it's own rules"...."there must be some prejudice before an agency's disregard of it's own rules may constitute reversible error". In announcing the rule that a failure to follow regulations will support reversal of agency action when the failure causes PREJUDICE to the plaintiff, the SJC relied on it's prior decision   Health Canada approved CEN Biotech to construct their facility in a ready to build letter. Furthermore, HC     because the department failed to follow its own regulation and the failure caused MMM prejudice, the court vacates the Department's notice of 'non-selection'   Judicial Review of Health Canada's actions merits the court to vacate the rejection decision immediately.     On page 8 and 9 of the 22 page memorandum of facts of the judge's decision, he detailed the, "..Recurring theme in the negative press coverage", and "there were stories attracted political attention, .... expressing concern". Subsequently leading to the denial of this company's license.   CEN Biotech has been in constant scrutiny with the Globe and Mail, Grant Robertson, CTV News, Mayor Tom Bain, and others that have destroyed the company's prospects and goodwill. Subsequently, Health Canada denied CEN Biotech's license. This is prejudice and a serious gross negligent act of unlawful misconduct.     An investor of CEN Biotech explains: Why is this important? In Canada, a decision of a tribunal, board, commission or other government decision-maker can be reviewed on two standards depending on the circumstances. The two standards applied are: 1) correctness and 2) reasonableness. In each case, a court must undertake a "standard of review analysis" to determine what appropriate standard to apply. This approach was described in detail by the Supreme Court of Canada in Dunsmuir v. New Brunswick. Therefore, if the standard of review of 'reasonableness' is applied to CEN Biotech, Health Canada engaged and created an expectation for a build-out of the facility, a Ready to Build Letter was issued, and after the Town of Lakeshore acknowledged correct zoning of the facility, the million dollar facility was constructed. Conventional understanding in this case shows strong reasonableness for CEN Biotech to build their facility, further supported by Lakeshore municipality affirming Health Canada's acknowledgment that CEN Biotech was constructing a marijuana facility. Investors should note that an inspection would NOT have taken place if other requirements were NOT satisfied, such as screening, enhanced screening, security clearance, zoning, etc. But this case also shows an example of 'moving goalposts', or in other words in the eye of the LAW, prejudice! Many investors not limited to CEN Biotech have determined that Health Canada cannot follow their own regulations that would otherwise be predictable for all MMPR applicants. This lack of proclivity has cost CEN Biotech and other MMPR applicants millions in revenue and expenses. This seemingly appears the case law is in such that any decision of Health Canada in an adhoc manner would be vacated. Under Section 7 of the MMPR Provision, all applicants denied of license or a restriction, must be provided a written report to the merits of the refusal. Investors to date have not been able to determine any indication of a Health Canada report, and are seemingly perplexed by the issue. Many believe that CEN Biotech will pave the way for other MMPR applicants to proceed with judicial challenges before Federal Courts against Health Canada. Delahunt, CEO of MMM explains: "How many lives could have been saved if they administered it in a way [. . .] that wasn't adversarial but involved scrutiny, and people had the option to choose a well-regulated marijuana product, rather than oxytocins that are killing people?" CEN Biotech and other MMPR applicants have pondered similar concerns; just how much more out of sync will Health Canada be, before they eventually are blamed for the demise of the entire MMPR program and patients worldwide? It is important for the Judicial Review of Canada to rule with full authority and unbiased prejudice in CEN Biotech's license dilemma. Ultimately, the court may find itself attacked if they ignore the injustice against CEN Biotech and lose some modicum of political authority, rendering the entire court system vulnerable to further scrutiny and attacks by various political organizations.  Health Canada Rejects Cen BioTech The Scandal Windsor Star Article Health Canada Statement - “It has come to Health Canada’s attention that Creative Edge Nutrition, Inc. (CEN Biotech, Inc.) issued a February 19, 2015 Shareholder Update Statement which mischaracterizes the meaning of the Department’s recent action in respect of the application for a licence to produce under the Marijuana for Medical Purposes Regulations" Matt Finston involves the SEC - There were some roughly 260 pages of shareholders telling the regulators that they should go after the "real" criminals, aka, the journalists and bloggers who had been exposing the company's dubious behavior for months.  Health Canada is instructing anyone with concerns about CEN Biotech – the company seeking to become the country’s largest medical marijuana producer – to contact police or securities regulators.  The Globe and Mail Investigation - "The CEO of CEN Biotech, which is looking to become Canada’s largest producer of medical marijuana, has been unloading large amounts of his shares in the stock market, while at the same time touting his stock to investors. According to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the CEO has unloaded more than 71 million shares, for a personal gain of more than $4.6-million.", stated the author. In response to this investigative article, Chaaban invoked the Ronald McDonald defense or as it's known more appropriately in the legal community the Chewbaka Defense, seemingly in a feable attempt to imply that Ronald McDonald issues press releases on behalf of McDonald's C-Level management.  









Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (4)


Hide Intro


View Posters


 Poststream


Bans (0)


Show Quote


Filter Disabled









PostSubject< Older


#306
                                 

I am done defending this company...Paper trail.

Brentley
09/17/16 05:15:46 PM


#844
                                 
                            
Hear we have a new board of directors

Brucebannerr
07/12/17 07:59:38 PM


#843
                                 
                            
LOL Merger over

end user
07/01/17 07:14:35 PM


#842
                                 
                            
There Is Always A Beginning;-)

drivenbypain
06/26/17 08:58:57 PM


#841
                                 
                            
Lol I Know Right

drivenbypain
06/26/17 08:55:11 PM


#840
                                 
                            
LMAO - because only legit businesses have a

swingingRichard
06/26/17 07:33:50 PM


#839
                                 
                            
CEN Is Still Alive;-) Check It >

drivenbypain
06/26/17 07:18:46 PM


#838
                                 
                            
So how are those "dividend" shares working out?

swingingRichard
06/15/17 09:53:03 AM


#837
                                 
                            
Being sarcastic, is wasted on you! You are

canibal
04/20/17 10:51:06 AM


#836
                                 
                            
you are the winner YES YES & YES

Crack_Me_Up
04/19/17 01:49:17 PM


#835
                                 
                            
Is James Robinson an alias for Bahige Chaaban?

canibal
04/19/17 12:49:20 PM


#834
                                 
                            
Read what T/RM means. FITX shareholders if you

Crack_Me_Up
04/17/17 09:08:42 AM


#833
                                 
                            
He has brand new shares to dump now

Brucebannerr
04/15/17 03:44:38 PM


#832
                                 
                            
It was "over" years ago when Billy dumped

swingingRichard
04/15/17 12:21:19 PM


#831
                                 
                            
Pick your baloney! A Jason Deli sits in

Crack_Me_Up
04/14/17 04:42:16 PM


#830
                                 
                            
Still the same scam . All stock deal

Brucebannerr
04/14/17 04:38:00 PM


#829
                                 
                            
So one company with $400K in debt acquires

end user
04/14/17 12:54:11 PM


#828
                                 
                            
Did you see the 6Mil in Lease Hold

end user
04/14/17 12:49:42 PM


#827
                                 
                            
I guess none of the hardcore longs can

Brucebannerr
04/13/17 06:18:59 PM


#822
                                 
                            
They're worth a lot for people to learn

end user
04/13/17 01:25:10 PM


#820
                                 
                            
RE:LOL I don't give hoot either way. Keep

end user
04/13/17 01:13:18 PM


#819
                                 
                            
LOL I don't give hoot either way. Keep

BigAddison
04/13/17 01:12:19 PM


#818
                                 
                            
No! keep the threads for historical/archival reasons.

end user
04/13/17 01:00:11 PM


#817
                                 
                            
RE: Maybe before passing judgement you should wait

end user
04/13/17 12:53:40 PM


#816
                                 
                            
Who was the lucky guy that bought 150

jxcxjx03
04/13/17 10:15:16 AM


#815
                                 
                            
Crazy Joe is the new management . Or

Brucebannerr
04/13/17 10:09:52 AM


#813
                                 
                            
Yep, cover all traces huh addy... shut it

SoiledPickleS
04/13/17 08:12:06 AM


#812
                                 
                            
Time to shut this room down Admin. Cen

BigAddison
04/13/17 05:32:02 AM


#811
                                 
                            
You da man, put that money into those

end user
04/13/17 03:04:22 AM


#809
                                 
                            
I got QMKR tshirts for sale.!!!!  Come

SoiledPickleS
04/12/17 08:15:54 PM


#808
                                 
                            
Go on.... take the money and run... woo

SoiledPickleS
04/12/17 07:21:22 PM


#805
                                 
                            
Chaaban screws every shareholder into the ground and

canibal
04/12/17 02:11:07 PM


#804
                                 
                            
GAME OVER SCAMMERS!QMKR the new SCAM!

Crack_Me_Up
04/12/17 02:06:02 PM


#803
                                 
                            
YOU GOT THAT RIGHT!

BigAddison
04/12/17 01:40:24 PM


#802
                                 
                            
Actually for some...its only just begun.

common_cents
04/12/17 01:27:51 PM


#801
                                 
                            
"It's over" BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!

BigAddison
04/12/17 01:24:28 PM


#800
                                 
                            
ITS OVER! https://www.facebook.com/CENBiotech/posts/1868745970051023

end user
04/12/17 01:11:52 PM


#799
                                 
                            
KABOOOOOOOM time coming!!!!

Stickyfingers427
04/12/17 08:12:26 AM


#798
                                 
                            
Has anyone heard from the LIAR/THIEF Bahige Chaaban?

canibal
04/10/17 09:43:04 AM


#797
                                 
                            
What a F*ing JOKE this company is!

Crack_Me_Up
04/10/17 08:44:51 AM


#796
                                 
                            
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10212372586738206&set=p.1021237258673820

end user
04/08/17 07:29:35 PM


#795
                                 
                            
World class lighting solutions! 

jdeltak
04/08/17 04:44:15 PM


#794
                                 
                            
https://www.google.com/maps/@42.3130182,-82.9376618,3a,19.6y,118.53h,92t/data=!3

end user
04/08/17 04:02:44 PM


#793
                                 
                            
http://www.espacelistings.com/details_industrial.asp?language=english&company_id

end user
04/08/17 03:53:36 PM


#792
                                 
                            
Wouldnt expect anything less. Soon as it was

jxcxjx03
04/08/17 07:28:33 AM


#791
                                 
                            
There's been a midnight move on the website, lol.

jdeltak
04/08/17 12:04:20 AM


#790
                                 
                            
and that SIYA bs...here you go.. 

rolphtonair
04/06/17 10:52:15 PM


#789
                                 
                            
The conflicting responses are interesting. 

jdeltak
04/06/17 10:08:23 PM


#788
                                 
                            
that is why I always use email, then

rolphtonair
04/06/17 09:49:06 PM


#787
                                 
                            
It appears you both reached the same agency

jdeltak
04/06/17 09:02:28 PM


#786
                                 
                            
I went through this site https://www.realtor.ca/Commercial/Office/16193717/4510-

end user
04/06/17 08:04:54 PM

PostSubject< Older
















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (4)


Hide Intro


View Posters


 Poststream


Bans (0)


Show Quote


Filter Disabled















            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB8
        


























 



  CENBF Stock Quote - CEN Biotech Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  CEN Biotech Inc   CENBF:US      Ticker Delisted     USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (-) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.                

	CEN BIOTECH Trademark of CEN Biotech, Inc.. Serial Number: 86327544 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
CEN BIOTECH










 
Get FREE email alerts













CEN BIOTECH  Trademark Information
 CEN Biotech, Inc.
Scientific Research Services; Industrial Research Services, Namely, Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific And Technological Services, Namely, Scientific Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific Research And Development In The Area Of Agriculture, Biology, Biochemistry...




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
scientific   research   services   industrial   research   services         research      analysis      testing   field   pharmaceuticals      personal   care   products      nutritional   supplements   scientific   technological   services       
                                    




This is a brand page for the CEN BIOTECH trademark by CEN Biotech, Inc. 
                                in Lakeshore, Ontario, , N0R1K0.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CEN BIOTECH trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner CEN Biotech, Inc. of the CEN BIOTECH trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CEN BIOTECH trademark.
                           


Status Update!
                          On Friday, July 14, 2017, status on the CEN BIOTECH trademark changed to REVIVED - AWAITING FURTHER ACTION.
                        






On Wednesday, July 2, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CEN BIOTECH by 
                        CEN Biotech, Inc., Lakeshore, Ontario N0R1K0.
                        The USPTO has given the CEN BIOTECH 
                        trademark serial  number of  86327544.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REVIVED - AWAITING FURTHER ACTION.
                        The correspondent listed for CEN BIOTECH is 
                        
                        
                                            JEFFREY P. THENNISCH of 
                                            7111 DIXIE HWY # 210,  CLARKSTON, MI 48346-2077,  
                                .
                            The CEN BIOTECH trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CEN BIOTECH 
                            is Scientific Research Services; Industrial Research Services, Namely, Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific And Technological Services, Namely, Scientific Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific Research And Development In The Area Of Agriculture, Biology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Horticulture, Medicine, And Pharmacy; Planning And Executing Projects In The Area Of The Supply Of Pharmaceuticals, Namely, The Development And Formulation Of Pharmaceutical Compositions, Dosage Ranges And Delivery Methods Intended For Wholesale And Retail Sale To Individual And Institutional Consumers; Product Development Consultation In The Field Of Agricultural, Horticultural, And Pharmaceutical Products; Pharmaceutical Research And Development Services; Advisory, Consultancy, And Provision Of Technical Information For The Agricultural, Chemical, And Pharmaceutical Industries, Namely, The Development And Formulation Of Pharmaceutical Compositions, Dosage Ranges And Delivery Methods Intended For Wholesale And Retail Sale To Individual And Institutional Consumers, Research Into The Exploitation Of Naturally-Occurring Agricultural And Horticultural Products And The Development Of Extracts Therefrom. 
                            





Word mark:
 CEN BIOTECH


  Status/Status Date:  


REVIVED - AWAITING FURTHER ACTION

7/14/2017



  Serial Number:  
86327544


  Filing Date:  
7/2/2014


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Scientific Research Services; Industrial Research Services, Namely, Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific And Technological Services, Namely, Scientific Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific Research And Development In The Area Of Agriculture, Biology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Horticulture, Medicine, And Pharmacy; Planning And Executing Projects In The Area Of The Supply Of Pharmaceuticals, Namely, The Development And Formulation Of Pharmaceutical Compositions, Dosage Ranges And Delivery Methods Intended For Wholesale And Retail Sale To Individual And Institutional Consumers; Product Development Consultation In The Field Of Agricultural, Horticultural, And Pharmaceutical Products; Pharmaceutical Research And Development Services; Advisory, Consultancy, And Provision Of Technical Information For The Agricultural, Chemical, And Pharmaceutical Industries, Namely, The Development And Formulation Of Pharmaceutical Compositions, Dosage Ranges And Delivery Methods Intended For Wholesale And Retail Sale To Individual And Institutional Consumers, Research Into The Exploitation Of Naturally-Occurring Agricultural And Horticultural Products And The Development Of Extracts Therefrom


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/16/2016


Last Applicant/Owner:

CEN Biotech, Inc.Lakeshore, Ontario N0R1K0
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("BIOTECH")


 Correspondent:


JEFFREY P. THENNISCH
7111 DIXIE HWY # 210
CLARKSTON, MI 48346-2077







 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CEN BIOTECH trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/14/2017
REVIVED - AWAITING FURTHER ACTION


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JEFFREY P. THENNISCH


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CEN BIOTECH trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cenbiotech on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CEN BIOTECH 




CEN BIOTECH is providing Scientific Research Services; Industrial Research Services, Namely, Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific And Technological Services, Namely, Scientific Research, Analysis, And Testing In The Field Of Pharmaceuticals, Personal Care Products, And Nutritional Supplements; Scientific Research And Development In The Area Of Agriculture, Biology, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Horticulture, Medicine, And Pharmacy;....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 



















需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































GoBoldly - Latest news and stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































DO NOT GO GENTLE

















DO NOT GO GENTLE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







This is the most exciting time in the history of medicine. Millions of people around the world are benefiting from breakthrough treatments that save, extend and improve life.
Research, technology and genomics are coming together to create a platform that allows researchers to decipher the cause of disease as never before. Each advance opens new doors, new cures, new treatments.
And yet, it’s not enough.
"Today's breakthroughs become tomorrow's medicines." Tweet
Cures don’t appear on a schedule. In search of the unknowable, in search of curing the incurable, there is no one map, no singular template, no predictable milestones.
Finding lifesaving medicines is a life’s work – the work of thousands of researchers who never say never. It's also the work of millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like groundbreaking advances in immunotherapy and personalized medicine – where the once impossible is now reality.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Dylan Thomas penned "Do not go gentle into that good night" in 1947, but the sentiment is as timely today as it ever was. Millions of Americans are battling serious illnesses, but they’re not alone in the fight. They have the support of thousands of biopharmaceutical researchers whose lives are dedicated to helping patients go boldly into longer, healthier, and more productive lives.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Cells One

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 

















A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer. But what was once the fruit of a wild imagination is today a reality.
Rather than killing cancer cells directly with traditional approaches like radiation or chemotherapy, immunotherapy harnesses the immune system’s power to eliminate the cancer or slow its growth and ability to spread. Research shows immunotherapy is improving outcomes and survival rates for some patients, including kidney and lung cancer. In fact, research from the American Association for Cancer Research shows that for advanced-melanoma patients, survival rates are improving thanks in part to these new treatment options.
"It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer." Tweet
Biopharmaceutical researchers are urgently working to gain new insights into the complex interactions between patients’ immune systems and the cancer cells growing in their bodies with the goal of markedly improving outcomes in more tumor types.
With 836 medicines and vaccines in development for cancer, 80 percent of which have the potential to be first-in-class treatments, millions of Americans living with cancer have hope for a brighter future.
Welcome to the new era of medicine.
For all of us.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Diabetes

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE

















HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







Diabetes is a serious condition that effects more than 30 million Americans. While complications of the disease can be dire, there is hope. Biopharmaceutical researchers are helping patients manage the condition today and envision a bright outlook for future treatments.
Diabetes: the patient perspective
Diabetes is a general term for a chronic condition where there is too much glucose (sugar) in the blood. Normally, the pancreas makes insulin to help convert glucose into energy. With diabetes, the body either does not make enough insulin (type 1 diabetes) or does not use it properly (type 2 diabetes), leading to high blood glucose levels. Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to serious health complications, such as heart attack, lower-limb amputation, vision impairment and blindness.
Endocrinologist Dr. William "Bill" Chin has experience treating endocrine disorders, including diabetes. As chief medical officer at PhRMA, he works to ensure that patient voices are heard, drawing on his dual experience as a physician and as the parent of a child with diabetes. When Dr. Chin's son, Danny, was 15, he began experiencing telltale symptoms like excessive thirst. Dr. Chin diagnosed his son himself with type 1 diabetes.
He says, "I don’t think any parent is ever prepared to learn that one of our kids has developed a disease, particularly one that will be chronic. In many ways it’s forever, but the good news is we have great therapies that actually will allow a patient with diabetes to live a full and completely normal life if it’s well managed."
The changing landscape of diabetes treatment
The medications that Danny relies on have come a long way in the last ten years. A decade ago, a number of insulin options were available to patients, as well as oral and injected medications. Successful management of diabetes required constant and diligent monitoring of glucose levels. To control their glucose, patients needed multiple daily injections and/or multiple oral medicines.
In recent years, researchers have focused on making treatments much easier for patients, from fewer pills to less frequent injections. Careful monitoring and treatment are still needed, but current medicines in development offer a promising future.
There are 171 medicines currently in development for type 1 and type 2 diabetes and diabetes-related conditions. A new wave of treatments is offering patients better or more sustained control over their glucose levels. Other medicines in the pipeline may address diabetes-related complications that affect the kidneys, blood vessels and eyes. All of the medicines are in clinical trials or awaiting review by the FDA.
While these advances have improved patient quality of life and increased lifespans for type 1 diabetes, ongoing research remains critical. In fact, diabetes was the seventh leading cause of death in the United States in 2013.
Dr. Chin says, "Collaboration is incredibly important in the understanding and development of new treatments for diabetes ... we are continually seeking to advance our understanding of the disease. This can only be achieved by having academic scientists and physician scientists working closely with scientists in the biopharmaceutical industry."
For more information, download the PhRMA report.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



REPORT: MEDICINES IN DEVELOPMENT FOR DIABETES
More than 170 medicines are being developed for diabetes and diabetes-related conditions.
READ THE REPORT



IMPROVING DIABETES TREATMENT
Expanded treatment options help improve diabetes management and quality of life.
VIEW THE GALLERY



REPORT: A DECADE IN PROGRESS TREATING CHRONIC DISEASES
In the last 10 years, incredible progress has been made by the biopharmaceutical industry.
READ THE REPORT





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print






































GoBoldly -

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



















































We cannot take progress for granted

















We cannot take progress for granted





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







We are in a new era of medical discovery and have the potential to revolutionize the treatment of costly and debilitating diseases. But we must not take this progress for granted.  To ensure medical innovation continues for the benefit of patients we need public policies that reward the investment and time it takes to develop life-saving treatments and cures.
In order to enhance competition and improve affordability for patients, our country must:
1)    Make medicines more affordable by rewarding value
 Today, America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies are partnering with health insurers to improve how we pay for medicines. Prices for medicines may vary based on how well an individual responds to treatment, or agreements may lower co-pays if patients achieve better health outcomes. While these partnerships will vary, they are helping to ensure we get the right medicine to the right patient at the right time – improving care and lowering costs across the health care system.
Yet, outdated regulations prevent wider use of these new payment arrangements.  Government rules and regulations should not prevent the private sector from developing better ways to pay for medicines. Rather, we must ensure health plans can cover more of the newest medicines and give patients more choices – improving care and lowering health care costs for Americans.
2)    Ensure patients get the best deal on medicines
America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies often negotiate large rebates for prescription medicines with insurers and pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs). Those rebates are growing every year and now exceed $100 billion per year – helping to hold down health care costs for patients and taxpayers.
But we can do more to ensure patients benefit directly from these negotiated savings, and put an end to an unfair practice that requires patients to buy medicines at full price, even when their insurers get a rebate. In fact, patients with large deductibles can end up paying more than their insurer pays for their medicine.  That’s wrong. Health insurance companies should share with patients the discounts they receive. This could lower out-of-pocket costs for some patients by hundreds – if not thousands – of dollars every year.
3)    Make new breakthroughs accessible, and promote competition
We need to make it make it easier for patients to get access to breakthrough medicines. It simply takes too long to get new medicines approved – over 10 years and over one billion dollars, on average.  Outdated regulations and approaches for evaluating drugs can slow things down even more. To get medicines approved faster, while ensuring safety, we need to modernize the FDA with new technologies and expertise to keep up with 21st century science. Modernizing the FDA will bring down the time and cost of developing new medicines, which will bring medicines to patients faster, and enhance competition in the market.
We also need to reduce the backlog of applications for generic medicines at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  This will ensure that patients benefit as less expensive generic medicines replace higher cost treatments that have lost patent protection. 
At the same time, we must avoid policies that deter risk-taking or siphon funding away from the research and development of new medicines for patients. Learn more about our plan to build a sustainable, science-based health care system that harnesses today’s hopes to discover tomorrow’s cures here.










      RELATED NEWS
    



Must-know facts about drug costs
Did you know due to negotiation and competition medicine costs are growing at the slowest rate in years? 
Learn the facts



Do not go gentle
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Watch the video



The Science behind the logo
Explore how genomics and new personalized treatments are helping patients have longer, healthier lives.
Read the article





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print




















Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v






























BioTech - iHerb.com









 























Free Shipping for orders over $20

















Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password


































 




EN


USD















Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out






Sign In
Create an Account



Sign In

                                        My Account
                                        
 




Sign In
Create an Account





                                        My Account
                                        
 




Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out








0

0


Your Cart is EmptyBut it doesn't have to be. Continue Shopping.






$0.00

$0.00
 



Image Coming Soon








Added to Cart










Total:



Discount:



Together:




Quantity: 










Cart Total:

Checkout




                Customers Also Bought:
            

















Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                


























Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password











































EN


USD















Sign In

                                    My Account
                                    
 









                                    My Account
                                    
 









0

0






$0.00

$0.00
 













Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                




















        Brands
    

        Supplements
    

        Herbs
    

        Bath
    

        Beauty
    

        Grocery
    

        Baby
    

        Sports
    

        Home
    

        Pets
    

        Conditions
    






#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                




#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                




























Brands A-Z
BioTech




                    BioTech
                

                    2 Results (showing 1 - 2 )
                

Visit Manufacturer's Website »




                Product Comparison
            

Comparison feature is limited to 5 products at a time. Please remove a product before adding additional products.













Search



 Include Discontinued









                        Show
                    


24
48
96
192







                        Sort By
                    


Best Selling
Customer Rating
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Newest
Heaviest
Lightest

















BioTech, Natural Curves, 60 Tablets


110


$19.20






                            Shipping Saver
                        



Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart


















BioTech, CelluRid, 60 Capsules


18


$15.36






                            Shipping Saver
                        



Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart

















2 Results (showing 1 - 2 )







 Shipping Saver







            Categories




                        All Natural Products Women
                    
 



                        Supplements
                    
 



                        Women's Formulas
                    
 



                        Bath & Beauty
                    
 



                        Cellulite
                    
 





        Ratings




 





 





 





 





 







        Price




        to
    






 $0 - $5




 $5 - $10




 $10 - $20




 $20 - $50




 $50+






            Form




 Capsules




 Solids






        Weight


Imperial






Metric




 0.0 - 0.1 lb




 0.1 - 0.2 lb




 0.2 - 0.3 lb




 0.3 - 0.4 lb




 0.4 - 0.5 lb




 0.5 lb +






            Conditions



x




 Women's Health




 Skin Health




 Condition Specific Formulas




























iHerb Live


                        Check out what others are buying in real time!
                    















































Specials - iHerb.com








 























Free Shipping for orders over $20

















Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password


































 




EN


USD















Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out






Sign In
Create an Account



Sign In

                                        My Account
                                        
 




Sign In
Create an Account





                                        My Account
                                        
 




Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out








0

0


Your Cart is EmptyBut it doesn't have to be. Continue Shopping.






$0.00

$0.00
 



Image Coming Soon








Added to Cart










Total:



Discount:



Together:




Quantity: 










Cart Total:

Checkout




                Customers Also Bought:
            

















Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                


























Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password











































EN


USD















Sign In

                                    My Account
                                    
 









                                    My Account
                                    
 









0

0






$0.00

$0.00
 













Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                




















        Brands
    

        Supplements
    

        Herbs
    

        Bath
    

        Beauty
    

        Grocery
    

        Baby
    

        Sports
    

        Home
    

        Pets
    

        Conditions
    






#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                




#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                





























iHerb Specials



            75 Results (showing 1 - 24 )
        









Brands of the Week



Up to 15% off our Brands of the Week.


Ends In
 Days
 Hours







































































of







View All






                        Weekly Deals begin Wednesday at 10 a.m and end the following Wednesday at 10 a.m. Pacific Time.
                    


 






Daily Deals




Sales price of the product of the day                    


Ends In
 Days
 Hours





















Nature's Answer, Sambucus, Original Flavor, 12,000 mg, 8 fl oz (240 ml)





$6.99


$14.40





Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.


Add to Cart
















                        Daily deals begin each weekday at 10 a.m. Pacific Time and run for 24 hrs.  One per customer.
                    


 






Clearance



Save up to 60% off our everyday low prices!



















Madre Labs, Witch Hazel Toner, Moisturizing and Plant-Based, Unscented, Alcohol-Free, 12 fl. oz. (355 mL)





$2.00


$4.99





Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.


Add to Cart

















Madre Labs, Simply Acai Organic Powder, 8 oz (227 g)





$10.00


$29.95





Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.


Add to Cart

















Sierra Bees, Tinted Lip Shimmer Balms, Variety Pack, 4 Pack





$3.48


$4.99





Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.


Add to Cart

















California Gold Nutrition, Royal Jelly, 500 mg, 30 Veggie Caps





$4.98


$6.95





Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.


Add to Cart

















Real Techniques by Samantha Chapman, Your Eyes/Enhanced Eyelining Set, 4 Exclusive Brushes + Pouch





$11.88


$14.03





Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.


Add to Cart

















ATTITUDE, Little Ones, Toy & Surface Cleaner, Concentrated, Fragrance Free, 16 fl oz (475 ml)





$7.38


$8.52





Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.


Add to Cart

















of







View All






                        Please Note: These specials may be limited due to the quantity of products in stock.
                    


 

 



                Product Comparison
            

Comparison feature is limited to 5 products at a time. Please remove a product before adding additional products.













Search



 Include Discontinued









                        Show
                    


24
48
96
192







                        Sort By
                    


Best Selling
Customer Rating
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Newest
Heaviest
Lightest












Special









Madre Labs, Thickening B-Complex + Biotin Shampoo, No Sulfates, Citrus Squeeze, 14 fl oz (414 ml)


2849


$6.50


$7.00







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Now Foods, Essential Oils, Lavender, 1 fl oz (30 ml)


1261


$5.96


$7.01







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Nutiva, Organic Virgin Coconut Oil, 54 fl oz (1.6 L)


1738


$21.95


$32.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Now Foods, Real Food, White Chia Seed, 1 lb (454 g)


438


$6.95


$10.44







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Nature's Answer, Sambucus, Original Flavor, 12,000 mg, 8 fl oz (240 ml)


513


$6.99


$14.40







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Now Foods, Mint Dophilus, 60 Chewables


3


$4.95


$7.31







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Muscletech, Performance Series, Nitro-Tech, Whey Isolate + Lean Musclebuilder, Milk Chocolate, 10 lbs (4.54 kg)


49


$89.99


$114.68







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Now Foods, Real Food, Organic Milled Chia Seed, 10 oz (284 g)


22


$6.07


$10.65







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Now Foods, Essential Oils, Spike Lavender, 1 fl oz (30 ml)


174


$5.95


$14.99







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Now Foods, Ellyndale Naturals, Sugarless Sugar, 18 oz (510 g)


32


$4.44


$5.13







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Rainbow Light, Herbal Prescriptives, Counter Attack, Activate Immune Health, 30 Tablets


239


$6.01


$11.19







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special









Now Foods, Pyruvate, 1200 mg, 100 Capsules


29


$3.56


$3.81







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart















Special













GreenPeach, Kids Strawberry Magic Toothpaste, 2 oz (57 g)


181


$1.99


$3.00






                            Shipping Saver
                        



Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Now Foods, Organic Essential Oils, Peppermint, 1 fl oz (30ml)


104


$8.50


$10.64







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Now Foods, Essential Oils, Lavender, 2 fl oz (59 ml)


162


$11.46


$13.48







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Now Foods, Essential Oils, Lavender, 4 fl oz (118 ml)


215


$20.07


$23.61







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Doctor's Best, High Absorption CoQ10, 100 mg, plus PQQ, 20 mg, with PureQQ and BioPERINE, 60 Veggie Caps


8


$26.46


$37.80







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Now Foods, Saw Palmetto Extract, 160 mg, 120 Softgels


30


$6.63


$7.65







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Now Foods, Organic Essential Oils, Lavender, 1 fl oz (30 ml)


331


$13.18


$15.51







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Twinlab, Infant Care, Multi Vitamin Drops With DHA, 1 2/3 fl oz (50 ml)


406


$7.99


$14.39







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Designer Protein, Organic, Essential 10, Super Greens Superfood with Kale & Barley Grass, 12 oz (340 g)


14


$10.53


$13.16







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Swisse, Ultiboost, Liver Detox, Digestion & Detox, 180 Tablets





$14.99


$17.49







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Just a Leaf Organic Tea, Loose Leaf, Black Tea, Earl Grey, 2 oz (56 g)


33


$3.00


$4.00







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Special













Osteo Bi-Flex, Joint Health, Ease PM, Advanced Triple Action + Melatonin, 28 Mini Tablets


6


$10.31


$10.83







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart














1
2
3
4








75 Results (showing 1 - 24 )







 Shipping Saver







            Categories




 Supplements




 Bath & Beauty




 Food, Groceries




 Beauty




 Children's Health




 Bath & Shower




 Vitamins




 Herbs




 Body Care




 Sports






 Almond Butter




 Antioxidants




 Aromatherapy, Essential Oils




 B Stress Formulas




 Baby / Infant Supplements




 Baby, Oral Care




 Baking Items




 Bars




 beauty temp category




 Biotin




 Black Tea




 Blood Pressure Formulas




 Brown Rice Flour




 Calcium




 Calcium Pyruvate




 CGN, Pure SPORT




 Chia Seeds




 CLA ( Conjugated Linoleic Acid )




 CLA Formulas




 Cleanse / Detoxify Formulas




 Coconut Oil




 Coenzyme Q10




 Cold & Flu Formulas




 Collagen




 Cooking Oils, Wine & Vinegar




 Counter Attack




 Creams, Day




 Creams, Lotions & Serums




 Creams, Night




 Creams, Wrinkle




 DHA




 DHA / EPA Formulas




 Diet, Weight Loss




 Earl Grey Tea




 EFA, Omega 3 6 9 ( EPA DHA )




 Elderberry ( Sambucus )




 English Breakfast




 Enzymes




 EPA




 Eyebrow Pencil




 Facial Care




 Facial Toners




 Fish Oil




 Flour & Mixes




 Fluid Makeup




 Gift Sets




 Green Tea




 Hair & Scalp




 Hair Regrowth Formulas




 Hair, Nail & Skin Supplements




 Heat Sensitive Products




 Herbal Prescriptives




 Hibiscus




 Iced, Refrigerated Products




 IGF (Insulin-like Growth Factor)




 iHerb Brands




 Immune Formulas




 Immune System Enhancers




 Impotence, Erectile Dysfunction Support




 Joint Formulas




 K-Beauty




 Kids & Baby Toothpaste




 Lavender Oil




 Licorice Root ( DGL )




 Lip Care




 Liver Support Formulas




 Madre Labs, Hair Care




 Magnesium




 Makeup




 Melatonin




 Men's Formulas




 Milk Thistle ( Silymarin )




 Minerals




 Multivitamins




 Multivitamins - Men




 Multivitamins - Women




 Multivitamins, Children




 Muscle Formulas




 Nattokinase




 Now Foods, Bath & Beauty




 Now Foods, Organic Essential Oils




 Nut Butters




 Nutritional Bars




 Nuts & Seeds ( Packaged & Bulk )




 Nuts, Seeds, Grains




 Omega 369, Caps/Tabs




 Peanut Butter




 Peppermint




 Peppermint Oil




 Peppermint Tea




 PQQ ( BioPQQ )




 Probiotics




 Probiotics Digestive Special




 Prohibited, FedEx Croatia




 Protein




 Protein Bars




 Protein, Sports




 Proteolytic Enzymes




 Pyruvate




 Resveratrol




 Rice




 Rice, Pasta, Soups & Grains




 Sambucus




 Shampoo




 Shampoo & Conditioner




 Skin Care




 Skin Type, Anti Aging Skin




 Snacks




 SPF 05-25




 SPF Facial Care




 Sports Special Category




 Stevia




 Sugarless-Sugar




 Sunburn, Sun Protection




 Sunscreen




 Superfoods




 Supplements, Children




 Sweeteners




 Tea, Herbal




 Throat Care, Spray




 Toothpaste




 Vegan Guard




 Vitamin B




 Vitamin B Complex




 Wheat Grass




 Whey Protein




 White Tea




 Women's Formulas




 Zinc




 Zinc Carnosine ( Pepzin Gi )






            Brands



x




 Now Foods




 Just a Leaf Organic Tea




 It's Skin




 Paradise Herbs




 Swisse




 Barney Butter




 FitMiss




 FlapJacked




 Nature's Answer




 Solaray





 Amazing Grass




 Babo Botanicals




 California Gold Nutrition




 Clio




 Designer Protein




 Doctor's Best




 GreenPeach




 Jeffrey James Botanicals




 KAL




 Madre Labs




 Muscletech




 Naturally Vitamins




 Navitas Organics




 Nutiva




 Osteo Bi-Flex




 Rainbow Light




 Skin Food




 The Face Shop




 Twinlab






            Special Offers




 iHerb Exclusive






        Ratings




 





 





 





 





 







        Price




        to
    






 $0 - $5




 $5 - $10




 $10 - $20




 $20 - $50




 $50+






            Specialty




 Gluten-Free




 Non-GMO




 Organic




 GMP Quality Assured




 Preservative-Free




 Sugar-Free




 Vegan




 Kosher




 Vegetarian




 Cruelty Free




 Peanut & Treenut-Free




 Shellfish Free




 Alcohol-Free




 Paraben-Free




 Dairy / Milk Free




 Soy-Free




 Wheat-Free




 Caffeine-Free




 Egg-Free




 Fish Free




 B Corp




 Whole Food Supplements




 Fragrance-Free




 BPA Free




 Sodium & Salt-Free




 Hexane-Free






            Form




 Solids




 Creams




 Liquids




 Capsules




 Lotions




 Powders




 Veggie Capsules




 Gummies




 Lozenges




 Packets






        Weight


Imperial






Metric




 0.0 - 0.1 lb




 0.1 - 0.2 lb




 0.2 - 0.3 lb




 0.3 - 0.4 lb




 0.4 - 0.5 lb




 0.5 lb +






            Conditions



x




 Condition Specific Formulas




 Skin Health




 Immune Support




 Cold, Flu & Viral




 Atherosclerosis




 Bone & Osteo




 Joints, Ligaments




 Osteoarthritis




 Arthritis




 Arrhythmia




 Substance Abuse/ Addiction




 Heart, Cardiovascular Health




 Men's Health




 Women's Health




 Oral, Dental Care




 Cleanse, Detox




 Stress, Mood Support




 High Blood Pressure (Hypertension)




 Cholesterol Support




 Prostate Support




 Anti Aging




 Inflammation




 Osteoporosis




 Digestion, Stomach




 Ulcers (Duodenal or Gastric)




 Hair, Alopecia Support




 Liver Health




 Energy, Fatigue




























iHerb Live


                        Check out what others are buying in real time!
                    















































Promotions - iHerb.com








 























Free Shipping for orders over $20

















Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password


































 




EN


USD















Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out






Sign In
Create an Account



Sign In

                                        My Account
                                        
 




Sign In
Create an Account





                                        My Account
                                        
 




Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out








0

0


Your Cart is EmptyBut it doesn't have to be. Continue Shopping.






$0.00

$0.00
 



Image Coming Soon








Added to Cart










Total:



Discount:



Together:




Quantity: 










Cart Total:

Checkout




                Customers Also Bought:
            

















Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                


























Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password











































EN


USD















Sign In

                                    My Account
                                    
 









                                    My Account
                                    
 









0

0






$0.00

$0.00
 













Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                




















        Brands
    

        Supplements
    

        Herbs
    

        Bath
    

        Beauty
    

        Grocery
    

        Baby
    

        Sports
    

        Home
    

        Pets
    

        Conditions
    






#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                




#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                




























            Clearance
    

            155 Results (showing 1 - 24 )
        


Shop Clearance and save up to 60% off our everyday low prices!  
Clearance includes items that have been discontinued by the vendor or by iHerb. Available while supplies last.





                Product Comparison
            

Comparison feature is limited to 5 products at a time. Please remove a product before adding additional products.













Search



 Include Discontinued









                        Show
                    


24
48
96
192







                        Sort By
                    


Best Selling
Customer Rating
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Newest
Heaviest
Lightest












Clearance









Madre Labs, Witch Hazel Toner, Moisturizing and Plant-Based, Unscented, Alcohol-Free, 12 fl. oz. (355 mL)


1460


$2.00


$4.99







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









Madre Labs, Simply Acai Organic Powder, 8 oz (227 g)


572


$10.00


$29.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









Sierra Bees, Tinted Lip Shimmer Balms, Variety Pack, 4 Pack


1021


$3.48


$4.99







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









California Gold Nutrition, Royal Jelly, 500 mg, 30 Veggie Caps


85


$4.98


$6.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









Real Techniques by Samantha Chapman, Your Eyes/Enhanced Eyelining Set, 4 Exclusive Brushes + Pouch


128


$11.88


$14.03







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









ATTITUDE, Little Ones, Toy & Surface Cleaner, Concentrated, Fragrance Free, 16 fl oz (475 ml)


18


$7.38


$8.52







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









ATTITUDE, Concentrated Laundry Detergent, Citrus Zest, 70 Loads, 35.5 fl oz (1.05 l)


20


$16.80







Out of Stock










Clearance









E.L.F. Cosmetics, Face & Lip Set, 0.22 oz (6.3 g) / 0.42 oz (12 g)


16


$6.99


$9.30







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









California Gold Nutrition, Prenatal DHA, 450 mg, 180 Fish Gelatin Softgels


27


$14.98


$19.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









ATTITUDE, Concentrated Fabric Softener, Citrus Zest, 70 Loads, 35.5 fl oz (1.05 l)


17


$10.74


$12.40







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









ATTITUDE, Concentrated Floor Surfaces Tiles & Wood, Citrus Zest, 16 fl oz (475 ml)


17


$7.38


$8.52







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance









Madre Labs, Body Wash, Crème Brulee, Cleansing with Argan & Marula Oils + Shea Butter, 8.7 fl oz (257 ml)


12


$4.98


$6.99







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart















Clearance













Just a Leaf Organic Tea, Loose Leaf, Black Tea, Darjeeling, 2 oz (56 g)


39


$3.00


$4.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













Madre Labs, Body Lotion, Crème Brulee, Moisturizing with Argan & Marula Oils + Shea Butter, 8.3 fl. oz. (245 mL)


23


$4.98


$6.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













Zion Health, Adama, Ancient Minerals Conditioner, Anti-Frizz Formula, 2 oz (59.15 ml)


64


$2.79


$3.99







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













Fungiology, Full-Spectrum Grifola Frondosa (Maitake), Certified Organic, Cellular Support, 90 Veggie Plantcaps


10


$9.98


$13.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













ATTITUDE, Concentrated Window & Mirror, Citrus Zest, 16 fl oz (475 ml)


15


$7.38


$8.52







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













California Gold Nutrition, Organic Acai Powder, 8 oz (227 g)


80


$10.00


$25.99







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













Mason Naturals, Avocado, Tea Tree & Dead Sea Mineral Body Cream + Collagen Beauty Cream, Pear Scented, 2 Jars, 2 oz (57 g) Each


4


$10.85







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













Madre Labs, Dry Body Oil, Crème Brulee, Light and Absorbs Fast with Argan & Marula Oils + Shea Butter, 4 fl. oz. (118 mL)


30


$4.98


$5.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













Just a Leaf Organic Tea, Loose Leaf, Fermented Black Tea, Pu-erh, 2 oz (56 g)


27


$3.00


$5.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Short Dated













Numedica, MyoMedica, Featuring Valerian Root, Travel Size, 10 Tablets


15


$2.97


$4.95






                            Shipping Saver
                        



Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













E.L.F. Cosmetics, Beauty Clutch, 1.85 oz (52.8 g)


27


$11.04


$13.18







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart













Clearance













Just a Leaf Organic Tea, Loose Leaf, Green Tea, Japanese Sencha, 2 oz (56 g)


29


$3.00


$8.95







Sorry, this product is no longer in stock.

Add to Cart














1
2
3
4
...
7








155 Results (showing 1 - 24 )







 Shipping Saver







            Categories




 Supplements




 Bath & Beauty




 Food, Groceries




 Beauty




 Children's Health




 Bath & Shower




 Vitamins




 Herbs




 Body Care




 Sports






 7-Keto




 Acai Berry Juice, Extract




 Acai Powder




 Acidophilus




 Adaptogen




 AI Sports Nutrition, Bodybuilding




 AI Sports Nutrition, Health




 Air Fresheners, Deodorizer




 Amino Acid Combinations




 Amino Acids




 Antibiotics




 Antioxidants




 Argan




 Argan, Bath & Shower




 Argan, Lotions & Butters




 Attitude Concentrates




 Baby / Infant Supplements




 Baby, Lotion




 Bath & Beauty Oils




 Bdellium Tools, Studio Line




 beauty temp category




 Bee Products




 Beet Powder, Root




 Beverages




 Bioflavonoids




 Black Tea




 Body Butters




 Body Lotion




 Body Wash, Shower Gel




 Brightening Facial Care




 Bug & Insect Repellent




 Cascara Sagrada




 CGN, DHA




 CGN, Immune Formulas




 CGN, Moms & Babies




 CGN, Royal Jelly




 Children's Herbal Remedies




 CLA ( Conjugated Linoleic Acid )




 Cleanse / Detoxify Formulas




 Coconut Oil Skin Formulas




 Coffee, Tea & Beverages




 Collagen




 Colorganics Inc., Lipstick




 Compact Powder




 Conditioners




 Constipation Formulas




 Creams, Foot




 Creams, Lotions & Serums




 Creatine




 Creatine Formulas




 Creatine Powder




 Cups, Plates, Bowls




 Damiana




 Darjeeling Tea




 Deodorant




 Deodorant Powders




 Deodorant Stick




 Deodorant, Men's




 DHA




 DHA / EPA Formulas




 DHEA




 Diaper Creams




 Diapering




 Diet, Weight Loss




 Digestive Enzymes




 E.L.F. Eyes




 E.L.F. Face




 E.L.F. Lips




 E.L.F. Tools/Brushes




 Echinacea




 Echinacea & Goldenseal




 EFA, Omega 3 6 9 ( EPA DHA )




 Elderberry ( Sambucus )




 Electrolyte, Drink Replenishment




 Energy Formulas




 Enzymes




 EPA




 Eyebrow Pencil




 Fabric Softener




 Facial Care




 Facial Care Oils




 Facial Toners




 False Eyelashes




 Feet, Foot Care




 Fish Oil




 Fitness Water Bottles, Shaker Cups




 Fluid Makeup




 Fragrance Sprays




 Fruit Extracts




 Fuel, By Twinlab




 GABA (Gamma Aminobutyric Acid)




 Gift Sets




 Glass / Window Cleaner




 Green Tea




 Green Tea




 Hair & Scalp




 Hair Brushes




 Hair Styling, Gel, Mousse, Etc




 Healthy Home & Garden




 Herbal Extract Formulas




 Household




 Household Cleaners




 iHerb Brands




 Immune Formulas




 Joint Formulas




 Kids & Baby Cleaning




 Kids, Bath




 Kitchenware




 L Carnitine




 L Carnitine Tartrate




 L Glutamine




 L Glutamine Caps




 Laundry




 Laundry Detergent




 Licorice Root ( DGL )




 Lip Balms




 Lip Care




 Lip Stick




 Lip Stick, Gloss, Liner




 Little Ones




 Little Ones Cleaning




 Maca




 Madre Labs, Body Care




 Madre Labs, Body Care Body Lotion




 Madre Labs, Body Care Body Wash




 Madre Labs, Body Care Dry Body Oil




 Madre Labs, Facial Care




 Maitake Mushrooms




 Makeup




 Makeup Tools & Brushes




 Manuka Honey Skin Care




 Men's Hair Care




 Men's Personal Care




 Milk Thistle ( Silymarin )




 Milk Thistle Liquid




 Minerals




 Multivitamins




 Muscle Formulas




 Mushroom Capsules




 Mushrooms, Medicinal




 Nitric Oxide Formulas




 Oolong Tea




 OPC, Oligomeric Proanthocyanidins




 Oregon Grape Root




 Original Bee Naturals




 Oyster Mushroom




 Parsley




 Phyllanthus ( Chanca Piedra )




 Pine Bark Extract




 Poplar




 Pre Workout Formulas




 Pregnancy Category




 Probiotics




 Probiotics Digestive Special




 Protein




 Protein Powders




 Protein, Sports




 Pu-erh Tea




 Purifying Care for Acne




 Pycnogenol




 Real Techniques, Eyes




 Recovery Formulas




 Royal Jelly




 Sencha Tea




 Shampoo & Conditioner




 Shiitake Mushrooms




 Sierra Bees, Baby




 Sierra Bees, Skin Creams




 Sierra Bees, Tinted Lip Shimmers




 Single Herbal Extracts




 Skin Care




 Skin Care




 Skin Type, All Skin Types




 Skin Type, Anti Aging Skin




 Sleep Formulas




 Stabilized Probiotics




 Sunburn, Sun Protection




 Super Fruits




 Superfoods




 Supplements, Children




 Tea, Herbal




 Touchup Stick, Concealer




 Tween & Teen




 Tween & Teen Makeup




 Universal Nutrition, Animal Line




 Weight Gainer




 Whey Protein




 Wild Yam




 Witch Hazel




 Zinc




 Zinc Carnosine ( Pepzin Gi )






            Brands



x




 Healthy Skoop




 ATTITUDE




 Controlled Labs




 Eclectic Institute




 Studio Makeup




 AI Sports Nutrition




 AST Sports Science




 California Gold Nutrition




 Just a Leaf Organic Tea




 Madre Labs





 AnneMarie Borlind




 Arnold




 Aubrey Organics




 Bass Brushes




 Bdellium Tools




 Bee Naturals




 Books




 BSN




 California Xtracts




 Carlson Labs




 Cellucor




 Colorganics Inc.




 Cytosport, Inc




 E.L.F. Cosmetics




 EcoTools




 European Soaps, LLC




 Fresh Body




 Fungiology




 Gaspari Nutrition




 HealthSmart Foods, Inc.




 Herban Cowboy




 Honeybee Gardens




 Life Extension




 Mason Naturals




 Mineral Fusion




 MRM




 MusclePharm




 Nature's Best, IsoPure




 Nature's Bounty




 Nature's Plus




 Nordic Care, LLC.




 Numedica




 NutraMedix




 Nutrex Research Labs




 Oh Yeah!




 Optimum Nutrition




 Palmer's




 ProSupps




 Real Techniques by Samantha Chapman




 Russell Organics




 Sierra Bees




 The Grapeseed Company Santa Barbara




 Twinlab




 Universal Nutrition




 Vegan Smart




 Zion Health






            Special Offers




 Short Dated




 iHerb Exclusive






        Ratings




 





 





 





 





 







        Price




        to
    






 $0 - $5




 $5 - $10




 $10 - $20




 $20 - $50




 $50+






            Specialty




 Gluten-Free




 Non-GMO




 GMP Quality Assured




 Organic




 Soy-Free




 Dairy / Milk Free




 Cruelty Free




 Paraben-Free




 Sugar-Free




 Vegan




 Vegetarian




 Kosher




 Alcohol-Free




 EcoFriendly




 NSF




 Wheat-Free




 Egg-Free




 Shellfish Free




 Yeast-Free




 Preservative-Free




 Sodium & Salt-Free




 Fish Free




 Hypoallergenic




 Peanut & Treenut-Free




 Fragrance-Free




 Raw




 Biodegradable




 Chemical-Free






            Form




 Solids




 Liquids




 Capsules




 Lotions




 Lipsticks




 Creams




 FishSoftgels






            Scent




 Coconut




 Anti-Frizz Formula




 Pear




 Powder






        Weight


Imperial






Metric




 0.0 - 0.1 lb




 0.1 - 0.2 lb




 0.2 - 0.3 lb




 0.3 - 0.4 lb




 0.4 - 0.5 lb




 0.5 lb +






            Conditions



x




 Condition Specific Formulas




 Skin Health




 Atherosclerosis




 Immune Support




 Men's Health




 Stress, Mood Support




 Digestion, Stomach




 Ulcers (Duodenal or Gastric)




 Heart, Cardiovascular Health




 Women's Health




 Bone & Osteo




 Joints, Ligaments




 Cleanse, Detox




 Arrhythmia




 Sleep Support




 Energy, Fatigue




 Pregnancy




 Osteoarthritis




 Arthritis




 Cold, Flu & Viral




 Urinary Health




 Anxiety




 Bladder Support




 Constipation




 Substance Abuse/ Addiction




 Athlete's Foot




 Bruising / Contusions




























iHerb Live


                        Check out what others are buying in real time!
                    















































iHerb.com - About Us






























Free Shipping for orders over $20

















Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password


































 




EN


USD















Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out






Sign In
Create an Account



Sign In

                                        My Account
                                        
 




Sign In
Create an Account





                                        My Account
                                        
 




Manage My Account
Wish List
Rewards Account

Sign Out








0

0


Your Cart is EmptyBut it doesn't have to be. Continue Shopping.






$0.00

$0.00
 



Image Coming Soon








Added to Cart










Total:



Discount:



Together:




Quantity: 










Cart Total:

Checkout




                Customers Also Bought:
            

















Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                


























Free Shipping 
                            for orders over $20






New
Best Sellers
Super Specials
Try & Save



 




EN


USD













                    Share
                




















Copy and Share This Page







Copy








Shorten URL



































                            For iHerb customers — Share this page with others and save even more! Read More









Email Address







Password











































EN


USD















Sign In

                                    My Account
                                    
 









                                    My Account
                                    
 









0

0






$0.00

$0.00
 













Quick Links




                                            Daily Deal
                                        





                                            Order History
                                        





                                            Wish List
                                        





                                            Contact Us
                                        






                                Search History
                                
                                    Clear Search History
                                




















        Brands
    

        Supplements
    

        Herbs
    

        Bath
    

        Beauty
    

        Grocery
    

        Baby
    

        Sports
    

        Home
    

        Pets
    

        Conditions
    






#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                




#



                                    A
                                



                                    B
                                



                                    C
                                



                                    D
                                



                                    E
                                



                                    F
                                



                                    G
                                



                                    H
                                



                                    I
                                



                                    J
                                



                                    K
                                



                                    L
                                



                                    M
                                



                                    N
                                



                                    O
                                



                                    P
                                



                                    Q
                                



                                    R
                                



                                    S
                                



                                    T
                                



                                    U
                                



                                    V
                                



                                    W
                                



                                    X
                                



                                    Y
                                



                                    Z
                                


































Great News:  Quantity discount on over 1100 brands!

                            June 1st 2017 - Order 4 units or more of a certain item and get 5% off, or order 12 and receive 10% off! Choose over 20,000 products from 1,100 best selling brands. Included brands are: Now Foods, Doctor's Best,
                            California Gold, Jarrow Formulas,
                            Madre Labs, Natrol, Life Extension, 
                            and over 1100 other popular brands!  Simply add products from these brands to the shopping cart.
                        
World's best overall value for natural products!


                        Since 1996, iHerb has made great efforts to enhance your online shopping experience.  Initially, our
                        company promoted the benefits of St. John's Wort; hence the name: iHerb.  We carry one of the
                        largest selections of high-quality natural products at the best overall value.  Consider iHerb your own
                        California-based natural products store!
                    










Top 10 reasons to make iHerb your number one choice!




1. Shop directly and save!

            iHerb.com is one of the world's largest online stores for natural products.
            We have been in business since 1996 and have two distribution centers, based
            in California and Kentucky.
        

            Browse our site and you'll find over 1,200 brands and 35,000 brand name products that you may also find at health food stores and natural
            pharmacies -- with one important difference: Our prices are typically 30 - 40% less. Also, don't forget to check our  Specials page for
            additional discounts on some best-selling products.
        


2. Free or discounted shipping

            Every iHerb order is eligible to receive discounted or free shipping! In general, the more products you add to your cart, the greater the likelihood that you will receive free shipping. In some cases you’ll even find that ordering one product alone may result in free shipping. We encourage you to experiment with different product combinations in order to find the best value, and share your cart with others! iHerb is the world's leader in bringing the best overall value in natural products to its customers.
        


3. Honest customer product reviews

            Unlike retailers that display third-party reviews, all of our reviews are written by iHerb customers. In order to write a review, you must
            have ordered the product from iHerb first. This means you receive honest and candid reviews, thereby helping you make a smarter buying decision.
        


4. Assurance of freshness with expiration dates

            Because we have one of the highest product turnover rates in the industry, iHerb is able to offer you the FRESHEST products possible!
            Our inventory turnover rate averages to 8.1 times per year; among the highest turnover rates, if not the highest, in our industry. This means that iHerb products are on the shelf an average of only 45 days!
        

            Plus, most products we carry have expiration or best-by dates, which can be accessed on the product page. It's like holding the real bottle or package in your hand, as you would in a typical "brick and mortar" store.
        


5. Air-conditioned, super clean warehouses

            iHerb’s distribution centers  are entirely climate-controlled, which protects the products from such conditions as humidity, heat and cold. This level of quality control is employed by iHerb to ensure product effectiveness for the customer.
            In addition, our distribution centers are industry certified by NSF International, earning Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) certification.
        


6. Solid personal privacy commitment

            Personal privacy is critically important to us. Since 1996, iHerb has never sold, leased or shared any customer information with third parties. Your personal information remains entirely confidential.
        


7. Enhanced 256-bit encryption with tokenization

            Simply put, we only store the last 4 digits and the expiration date of your credit card, so you can identify what card you are using.
        


8. 24 hour/7 day customer service

            One of the ways iHerb can offer such low prices is by automating the whole ordering process. While our customer service agents don't
            actually take orders, they do offer live  customer support from our California facility, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. (Pacific Time), Monday - Friday.
            We are also reachable 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, by chat and email to answer questions and resolve issues with your order. Of course,
            nobody's perfect. We may get quite busy at times and we ask for a little patience. We'll do our best to take care of things promptly, efficiently
            and courteously -- this is what our customers deserve!
        


9. Save even more by helping others save!

            As an iHerb customer, share your favorite iHerb products or categories, or even a shopping cart containing multiple products with others via simple Rewards links, and you will save even more!



10. A greener way to shop

            When you shop with us, you're part of a global solution. iHerb uses 100% post-consumer recycled paper for 90% of all shipping boxes. Our bubble wrap is 40% recyclable, and we recycle virtually all packing materials received 
            from manufacturers. All in the interest of a healthier, more sustainable planet!  Read more.


















Global Diversity at iHerb




At iHerb we believe in diversity. Our team members hail from more than 30 nations, and have a broad range of personal and professional backgrounds. As an international company with customers worldwide, we proudly stand behind all of our employees.



In addition to the United States, iHerb California and Kentucky team members come from the following countries:


            Australia - Bangladesh - Belarus - Brazil - Canada - China - Colombia - Cuba - El Salvador - France - Germany - Guatemala - Iran - Japan - Kazakhstan -
            Korea - Malaysia - Mexico - Morocco - Panama - Philippines - Qatar - Russia - Saudi Arabia - Somalia - Taiwan - Trinidad & Tobago - Ukraine - United Kingdom - Vietnam





 








iHerb Live


                        Check out what others are buying in real time!
                    








































