

browser - Please update to a modern browser















Please update to a modern browser
The site you are visiting can only be viewed using a modern browser. Please upgrade your browser to increase safety and your browsing experience. Choose one of the browsers above. If you don't care click here.




The Center For Orthopedic and Research Excellence Inc                                                                    - Sun City West                                     , AZ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AZ



Sun City West



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



Surgeon



                            The Center For Orthopedic and Research Excellence Inc
                                    



 





















T 


The Center For Orthopedic and Research Excellence Inc                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



14520 W GRANITE VALLEY DR SUN CITY WEST, AZ 85375
Get Directions



(623) 537-5600
www.thecoreinstitute.com                                                                                





Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $10,926,583.00
 Employee Count 175
 Industries Surgeon
 Contacts David Jacofsky MD                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2005 the company has been providing Surgeon. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 27, 2017 10:59 PM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc. provides musculoskeletal and neurological care services. It offers epilepsy, headache medicine, inclusion body myositis, memory and aging, movement disorders, multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy, nerve injury, peripheral neuropathy, and stroke services; and orthopedic surgery services that include hip, knee, shoulder, elbow, ankle, spine, joint replacement, neurology, sports medicine, fracture management, orthopedic traumatology, hand and wrist, complex articular cartilage restoration, musculoskeletal oncology, foot and ankle reconstruction, physical medicine and rehabilitation, comprehensive spine care, and pain management. The comp...
The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc. provides musculoskeletal and neurological care services. It offers epilepsy, headache medicine, inclusion body myositis, memory and aging, movement disorders, multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy, nerve injury, peripheral neuropathy, and stroke services; and orthopedic surgery services that include hip, knee, shoulder, elbow, ankle, spine, joint replacement, neurology, sports medicine, fracture management, orthopedic traumatology, hand and wrist, complex articular cartilage restoration, musculoskeletal oncology, foot and ankle reconstruction, physical medicine and rehabilitation, comprehensive spine care, and pain management. The company also provides education services to the Sun Health Nursing School, local residency programs, fellows, and hospital allied health personnel. The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is based in Phoenix, Arizona with additional offices in Arizona, Louisiana, and Michigan.
Detailed Description


18444 North 25th AvenueSuite 320Phoenix, AZ 85023United StatesFounded in 2004



Phone: 623-537-5661

Fax: 866-939-2673

www.thecoreinstitute.com







Key Executives for The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc.




Dr. David J. Jacofsky M.D.


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      








 Allison Vasconcellos


      	Vice President of Marketing, Branding & Communications
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc. Key Developments

Banner Health and The CORE Institute Announces New Partnership Clinic in Downtown Phoenix
Feb 28 17
Banner Health and The CORE Institute have expanded their partnership to offer a unique, academic and research-focused clinic called the Orthopedic & Spine Institute. The Orthopedic & Spine Institute is a multi-specialty musculoskeletal clinic located on the campus of Banner - University Medical Center Phoenix. This new clinic location will initially be staffed with The CORE Institute physicians, as well as faculty from the Orthopedic Department of the University of Arizona College of Medicine Phoenix. This new branch of the Banner CORE Center for Orthopedics joint venture will provide patients with access to orthopedic care in Downtown Phoenix, focusing on academic care from leading experts in Arizona, and will continue to recruit best-in-class clinicians and researchers dedicated to improving musculoskeletal care and patient outcomes.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @ Home Medical, Inc. United States @home approach, llc United States @Home Care United States 1011 E. Pecan Grove Road, LLC United States 1104 Welsh Road Operations LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 5, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact The Center For Orthopedic And Research Excellence, Inc., please visit www.thecoreinstitute.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Center for Orthopedic & Research Excellence Inc /The: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























center for orthopedic & research excellence inc /the
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Health Care Facilities & Svcs
Sub-Industry: Health Care Facilities
The Center for Orthopedic and Research Excellence, Inc., doing business as Core Medical Management, provides health care services. The Company offers neurology, orthopedic, memory, aging, rehabilitation, and pain management services. Core Medical Management serves patients worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

14520 W Granite Valley Drive
Sun City West, AZ 85375
United States


Phone:
1-866-974-2673


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.thecoreinstitute.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS Trademark of The Center for Orthopedic and Research Excellence, Inc.. Serial Number: 86182233 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS  Trademark Information
 The Center for Orthopedic and Research Excellence, Inc.
Medical office management services, namely, management of medical office business affairs in the nature of employee attendance, duty assignments, payroll administration, job costing in the nature of job placement, determining job competency, office administration, patient scheduling, accounting, pensions, benefits, and retirement plans and billings




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
medical   office   management   services         management   medical   office   business   affairs   nature   employee   attendance      duty   assignments      payroll   administration      job   costing   nature   job   placement    
                                    




This is a brand page for the EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS trademark by The Center for Orthopedic and Research Excellence, Inc. 
                                in PHOENIX, AZ, 85023.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner The Center for Orthopedic and Research Excellence, Inc. of the EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS trademark.
                           






On Monday, February 3, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS by 
                        The Center for Orthopedic and Research Excellence, Inc., PHOENIX, AZ  85023.
                        The USPTO has given the EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  86182233.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS is 
                        
                        
                                            STEVEN T. LAWRENCE of 
                                            MILLIGAN LAWLESS, P.C.,  5050 N 40TH ST, PHOENIX, AZ 85018-2139 
                                .
                            The EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS 
                            is Medical office management services, namely, management of medical office business affairs in the nature of employee attendance, duty assignments, payroll administration, job costing in the nature of job placement, determining job competency, office administration, patient scheduling, accounting, pensions, benefits, and retirement plans and billings. 
                            





Word mark:
 EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/16/2014



  Serial Number:  
86182233


  Filing Date:  
2/3/2014


 Registration Number:  
4604912 


 Registration Date:  
9/16/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Medical office management services, namely, management of medical office business affairs in the nature of employee attendance, duty assignments, payroll administration, job costing in the nature of job placement, determining job competency, office administration, patient scheduling, accounting, pensions, benefits, and retirement plans and billings


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/1/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

The Center for Orthopedic and Research Excellence, Inc.PHOENIX, AZ  85023
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


STEVEN T. LAWRENCE
MILLIGAN LAWLESS, P.C.
5050 N 40TH ST
PHOENIX, AZ 85018-2139






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/18/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
10/18/2013





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/16/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



STEVEN T. LAWRENCE


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search excellenceheadquarte on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS 




EXCELLENCE HEADQUARTERS is providing Medical office management services, namely, management of medical office business affairs in the nature of employee attendance, duty assignments, payroll administration, job costing in the nature of job placement, determining job competency, office administration, patient scheduling, accounting, pensions, benefits, and retirement plans and billings.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


























	Orthopedic Colorado Springs | Colorado Center of Orthopaedic Excellence 









































































Search 

  


               Call today: (719) 623-1050

Set an Appointment TODAY












Rate Us / Review Us
Patient Reviews
Patient Portal
Online Bill Pay
Save Office Time









Home

About Us

 Our Blog
 Community Outreach



Meet Our Providers

 Meet Our Physicians
 Meet Our Professional Staff



Services & Specialties

 Sports Medicine
 Shoulder & Elbow
 Joint Replacement
 Hand & Wrist
 Foot & Ankle
 Hip & Knee
 Podiatry
 Physical & Occupational Therapy
 Sports Performance


Process & Preparation

 Insurances Accepted


Physician Referral
Contact & Locations


































Colorado Center of Orthopaedic Excellence is the Official Orthopaedic Medicine Provider of the Colorado Springs US Olympic Training Center.


 Learn About Us





















Advanced Orthopaedic Care
by our Fellowship-Trained Physicians


 Meet Our Providers















Services & Specialties

Sports Medicine
Shoulder & Elbow
Joint Replacement
Hand & Wrist
Foot & Ankle
Hip & Knee
Podiatry
Physical & Occupational Therapy
Sports Performance



 Learn More














Colorado Springs’ Premier Choice for Patient-Centered Orthopedic Care






Your body is an amazing machine designed to move beautifully in many directions and protect itself against harm. Orthopedic dysfunction including traumatic injuries, overuse injuries, and degenerative conditions disrupt your internal mechanisms, causing pain, inflammation, stiffness, and restricted movement. 
When orthopedic care is necessary for shoulder and elbow, hand, foot and ankle, and hip and knee conditions, everyone from weekend warriors to Olympic athletes in Colorado Springs turns to Colorado Center of Orthopaedic Excellence.
We are a trustworthy name that provides the most comprehensive orthopedic care delivered in a compassionate manner. When quality, integrity, and real, lasting results are what you need, go with the gold standard and look to our orthopedic doctors for award-winning orthopedic and sports medicine treatment.










We strive to be Colorado’s #1 orthopedic practice. How are we doing?


 Take Our Survey















 





Patient Education



Everything you need to know about your orthopedic condition, from preventing reinjury to avoiding risk factors can be found in our convenient online patient education library.


 Learn More












Back Injuries Common in Young Athletes 

 Learn More


 
























Home
About Us
Contact & Locations

Process & Preparation
Insurances Accepted


Meet Our Providers
David M. Weinstein, MD
John R. Shank, MD
Derek B. Purcell, MD
Karl M. Larsen, MD
Ky M. Kobayashi, MD

Frederick W. Hainge, DPM
Jeremy Raulie, MS, PA-C
Stephanie Noble, PA-C
Miyoko Ivis, MPAS, PA-C
Miranda Holland, MS, NP-C
Our Therapists


Services & Specialties
Sports Medicine
Shoulder & Elbow
Joint Replacement
Hand & Wrist
Foot & Ankle
Hip & Knee
Podiatry
Physical & Occupational Therapy
Sports Performance




www.domain.com
Office:
2446 Research Pkwy, Suite 200 Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 623-1050
Fax: (719) 623-1051
Monday through Friday, 8 am to 5 pm.





www.domain.com
Physical Therapy:
2430 Research Pkwy, Suite 100 Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Phone: (719) 623-1050
Fax: (719) 623-1051
Monday through Friday, 8 am to 5 pm.




Request an Appointment
Rate Us / Review Us
Online Bill Pay
Patient Portal
Patient Reviews










Share 




Privacy Policy
Sitemap


                  Copyright ©  Colorado Center of Orthopaedic Excellence All Rights Reserved.
               








Medical Website Design andMedical Marketing by iHealthSpot.com














	When orthopedic care is necessary for shoulder and elbow, hand, foot and ankle, and hip and knee conditions, Sports Medicine, Shoulder & Elbow, Joint Replacement, Hand & Wrist, Foot & Ankle, Hip & Knee, Podiatry, Physical & Occupational Therapy, & Sports Performance. Everyone from weekend warriors to Olympic athletes in Colorado Springs turns to Colorado Center of Orthopaedic Excellence.















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Venel
































































































 


SCROLL DOWN






 



Venel is the authority in the marketing and promotion of an orthopaedic practice.  Year after year, Venel provides orthopaedic surgeons the most experience, research, and expertise in establishing a competitive advantage in their markets. More orthopaedic surgeons trust Venel than any other firm in the country to market their practice.  From traditional marketing communications to advanced online promotion and patient experience, we bring more than 28 years of experience, an exclusive focus in orthopaedics, and the nation's largest source of research in what influences an orthopaedic patient.Venel delivers results—and exclusively to only one practice per market area.Upcoming EventsAAOE WebinarInteractive Communications:Successes and Failures/Insights and Strategy for the Online OrthopaedistSeptember 7th

Click here for more events, articles, and speaking engagements











The Book
 







The Book
 



We literally “wrote the book”on how to strategically market an orthopaedic practice.   The original copy of Alignment has helped thousands of orthopaedists.







MEET THE AUTHORS





























 

Click here for more information on Alignment>











Research
 







Research
 



The foundation of Venel's strategic leadership is our commitment to research. Each year, we conduct over 100 research studies, committing over $250,000 to researching what impacts a patient's decision to choose an orthopaedist. These studies take a deep look into the critical aspects of managing success in today’s changing reimbursement and competitive environments. Venel's ongoing research allows you to pinpoint opportunities, avoid wasteful spending, and spend less. In 2012, we continued our commitment to orthopaedics with the launch of The Venel Foundation. In support of worldwide orthopaedic research, Venel is a proud contributor to several orthopaedic and research institutions.Venel is a proud supporter of:









www.OREF.org









The Pro Urba Museum in Orbe, Switzerland, the site of the world’s first orthopaedic institute under the direction of Jean-Andre Venelwww.pro-urba.ch










An Unmatched Online Competitive Advantage
 







An Unmatched Online Competitive Advantage
 



When it comes to marketing your practice online, no one can match the depth of online resources and documented results produced each month by Venel. Supported by our dedicated interactive staff, we provide cutting edge online tools, advanced interactive development, and proprietary innovations designed to provide you and your practice a clear competitive advantage online.Combined with our continual research in what, when, how, and why patients are choosing an orthopaedist, Venel can assist your practice to combine both offline and online tactics to clearly differentiate you in the marketplace and help patients find and choose you for their care.  Too many orthopaedic practices are engaged in select online efforts that are either ineffective or distracting the practice from greater opportunities. Knowing the strategies and tactics that produce results—and knowing those that don’t—saves you time, improves results, and maximizes your return-on-investment.










Exclusive Market Area
 







Exclusive Market Area
 



What you do clinically is the most important.  The problem is—that rarely differentiates you.Venel establishes exclusive market partnerships with only one partner per geographic area. Our Exclusive Client Partners gain access to all of our research, data, exclusive partner platforms, and new innovations to provide a clear competitive advantage in their individual markets.Located over six time zones, our client partners are both business-minded and growth-oriented.On average, our Exclusive Client Partners are preferred 3-to-1 over competitors. 










Exclusive Client Partner Platforms
 







Exclusive Client Partner Platforms
 



Venel's exclusive focus on orthopaedics, combined with our size, expertise, and research, gives our Exclusive Client Partners significant advantages over the competition.  A clear advantage is access to a series of innovative platforms that are designed around specific marketing, communication, and patient acquisition opportunities. These platforms are critical elements in driving the right results, as well as documenting return on objective and return on investment.  Venel provides our Exclusive Client Partners an unprecedented competitive advantage. 










Expertise
 







Expertise
 



More orthopaedic surgeons choose Venel than any other firm in the country to market their practice.Our 30+ full-time experts offer our Exclusive Client Partners an unparalleled depth of expertise in all facets of marketing communications. Beyond being the go-to firm for orthopaedic practices, Venel is the source for industry publications and associations for research and insights on marketing an orthopaedic practice. 

Speaking and articles











Winning starts here
 







Winning starts here
 



When you decide to get seriousTo contact Venel, please complete the form below, and a Communication Specialist will contact you directly.





Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email *



Phone Number *
Phone Number


                  (###)



                  ###



                  ####



Message *






Thank you for submitting a contact request. A Communication Specialist will be contacting you shortly.


























Research — Venel



















































Research








The foundation of Venel's strategic leadership is our commitment to research. Each year, we conduct over 100 research studies, committing over $250,000 to researching what impacts a patient's decision to choose an orthopaedist. These studies take a deep look into the critical aspects of managing success in today’s changing reimbursement and competitive environments. Venel's ongoing research allows you to pinpoint opportunities, avoid wasteful spending, and spend less. In 2012, we continued our commitment to orthopaedics with the launch of The Venel Foundation. In support of worldwide orthopaedic research, Venel is a proud contributor to several orthopaedic and research institutions.Venel is a proud supporter of:









www.OREF.org









The Pro Urba Museum in Orbe, Switzerland, the site of the world’s first orthopaedic institute under the direction of Jean-Andre Venelwww.pro-urba.ch



















Research — Venel



















































Research








The foundation of Venel's strategic leadership is our commitment to research. Each year, we conduct over 100 research studies, committing over $250,000 to researching what impacts a patient's decision to choose an orthopaedist. These studies take a deep look into the critical aspects of managing success in today’s changing reimbursement and competitive environments. Venel's ongoing research allows you to pinpoint opportunities, avoid wasteful spending, and spend less. In 2012, we continued our commitment to orthopaedics with the launch of The Venel Foundation. In support of worldwide orthopaedic research, Venel is a proud contributor to several orthopaedic and research institutions.Venel is a proud supporter of:









www.OREF.org









The Pro Urba Museum in Orbe, Switzerland, the site of the world’s first orthopaedic institute under the direction of Jean-Andre Venelwww.pro-urba.ch



















Venel
















































We couldn't find the page you were looking for. This is either because:There is an error in the URL entered into your web browser. Please check the URL and try again.The page you are looking for has been moved or deleted.You can return to our homepage by clicking here, or you can try searching for the content you are seeking by clicking here.



















Venel
















































We couldn't find the page you were looking for. This is either because:There is an error in the URL entered into your web browser. Please check the URL and try again.The page you are looking for has been moved or deleted.You can return to our homepage by clicking here, or you can try searching for the content you are seeking by clicking here.











